user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,255710,15455178,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Umph,"In 2013, after 10 years of waiting, the Sim City community of modders, fans, and aficionados rushed out to purchase the fifth installment of Sim City. Ten years is a long time to wait for a game, but people had a lot of faith in Maxis when they announced the title. Long story short, it was a massive dissapointment. Maxis and EA crippled Sim City 5 with DRM, Always On APM, tiny maps, forced origin installation, lacking mod support, no steam support, and a forced multiplayer aspect.  I decided to not purchase the title, so it may have been a decent game, but 2 years later a team of 12 people created a game that does everything maxis insisted was utterly and totaly impossible.Everything the mod community did that kept Sim City 4 on the shelves in Wallmarts across America for an entire decade was ignored. Maxis (and to a lesser extent EA) ignored the fans, and gave the people who had kept them in business for twenty years a crippled subpar game.  And for that Maxis is now out of business. They will never make another game, and it is no one's fault but theirs.Now pretend none of that happened. It's 2013 again, and here it is people: Sim City 5.The game balance is a bit on the easy side for veterans of the genre, but the potential map size is ENOURMOUS and customizing your city could fill up years of gameplay time.  The game runs so smoothly with so much going on, it really shows how lazy Maxis was with their approach.  The glass in buildings reflects the sun and the buildings near it, there are dynamic shadows, zoning is back, and it is not 'dumbed down'.  A single tile in this game is twice the size of the alloted map in Sim City, and you can purchase dozens of additional tiles to expand.  The map editor is awesome, the community is thriving, there are mods to do anything you want, and this is the city building game we've all been waiting for.  I can not possibly reccomend this more."
76561197993268828,Recommended,255710,15062103,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Flying Rhino,"Let me give you a history lesson.In 1989 Simcity was relased.  And it was great.In 1994 SimCity 2000 was released and it was great.In 1999 SC3k was released, and it was also, great.  (Are you seeing a theme here?)In 2003, SimCity 4 was released, and it was perfection.Now... it gets sad.2007 brought us SimCity Socities, which was a thing.And in 2013 brought us Sim City.  And Im sure you know what its miraid of problems was.Now finally, 12 years after the last great city building game comes Skylines.By NOT trying to do all the interconnected and multiplayer garbage that sunk a decade of titles, Collossal Order has hit one out of the park.  Runs great on older machines, looks great, and has GREAT mod support.In all honesty, while writing the introduction I was trying to think of a negative element that came up.  Still dont have one.Buy this game."
,Recommended,255710,14877796,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Lenin Was Left ☭,"So I made my first city, getting it from zero to eight thousand when I finally unlocked dams. At this point I was doing terrible with electricity, because I really didn't want to make many coal plants, so the second I saw Dams unlocked I saved to make one. I found a great spot that could solve my energy needs forever, and placed the dam. As I clicked I knew I made a terrible mistake. I made the dam directly beside the densest part of my Residential District. Water poured over the side of the dam and into the city, drowning my population and creating abandoned buildings. When the water finally calmed down it was in the form of a lake in the center of the city, halfway in residential, halfway in commercial. In an attempt to fix this I started pumping the water out (which actually seems to have worked), but I put the output in a place where it flowed into both of my main water pumps. And while I was only pumping plain water out of my city, the game counted it as waste water. I was feeding my citizens fresh water poop. So while water was killing the center of my city, poop water was killing the rest. The surge of water also managed to destroy my garbage collection, so I got this terrible mix of overflowing rivers, overflowing garbage, and overflowing sickness.All in all an absolutely hilarious experiance. Great game."
76561198108642974,Recommended,255710,14877179,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Shining Dime,"Pros:+ Game mechanics that you would expect from a city builder+Built in modding tools+Beautiful Graphics+It's challanging (learning curve)+No lag, and I have a computer that doesn't meet the requirements+Lots of replayabilityCons:-takes over your life***Specs that are below the minimum requirements:2.8ghz (3.0 is the minimum)AMD Radeon HD 8400 video card ( nVIDIA GeForce GTX 260, 512 MB  or ATI Radeon HD 5670, 512 MB is the minimum)Everything else is above the minimum required."
76561197974672983,Recommended,255710,14892943,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Village Idiot,"Cities: Skylines is the Sim City we Deserved, but never got."
76561198007838625,Recommended,255710,32614171,Posted: 21 June,all,XenoGriff,It is a great game but has one huge flaw.The DLC's. They are overpriced and two of the more costly DLC's should be in the base game.Pros- Good gameplay- Fun tax system- a good budget system- no lag until later stages of game- good way of finding out what your people needCons- Bad DLC prices- foundation is in the DLC'sThe game is worth the price but the DLC's are bad in price and content for the price they give
,Recommended,255710,14864651,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Boneless Pizza,"Saw this game on the front page, never knew about it.As of writing this review, I've only played for six hours and I've already restarted four times because the streets weren't straight enough and I went into debt rebuilding them.PROS:No EA.No EA Origin.Did I mention no EA involved?Also no EA.-New land purchasing now gives players a choice of when and where to expand, not just confining them to a small square of limited development.-Road tools give players much more freedom to create and weave around the city, upgrading also made easy as well. (Simcity 2013's upgrade roads had an idea going but you had to level an entire street to get anywhere, completely negating the point)-Being able to relocate a civil building for much cheaper than destroying removes the hassle of trying to redo roads around a public service due to a single building.-Still has well-working fluid and sewage dynamics, taking what SimCity 5 attempted with their pollution system and actually turning it into something good.-Parks affect the lives of citizens without taking ungodly amounts of space, and much like a real park one large park that is easily accessible more than a few hundred small parks all around the city wasting space. (cough cough SimCity 2013)-Even though the water dynamics are a little rough as of right now, the game still gives an option for a hydroelectric dam; a feat previously impossible in SimCity 2013 and unimaginably difficult in SimCity 4.The only thing I don't like about this game so far?@Developers #The #twitter-like #announcements #and #the #constant #usage #of #hashtags (I get the point but I feel like my city is composed of preteens.)So far and still hours later, 10/10.**EDIT 5/23/2015**I've found that the developers of the game themselves are very active and receptive in their own community at r/citiesskylines and actually listen to their users.Developers also cranked out FREE and well-done DLC, like it's supposed to be.Game still kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,255710,18867314,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,The Pink Angel,"UPDATED MARCH 2016Alright, let me start this off with this. If you already love city-builders, this is for you. If you don't already like city-builders, this is a great place to start!I personally love city-building games and I can't really believe that many of the things that they acomplished (either totally  or partially) were done. The traffic AI has beengreatly improved since release.Pros:- CURVY ROADS- Adustable height of the roads allowing for customized interchanges- Renewable Energy is the main power source that you will use.- Train/Subway/Bus Routs are editable and can be color coordinated.- Cities grow based upon services and leisure and educated near them.- Mods, 74,000+ mods.- Intuituve Menu Layout- Great AI- Base Game is worth the priceCons:- DLC has too little content for too high a price.Yeah that's all the cons. If I had to I would give this game a very nice 93/100. It's got a lot of polish added to it and it's worth every cent you put into it. Buy this, you won't regret it at all."
,Recommended,255710,14893248,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Henkka,"TLDR; Buy this game if you enjoy the genre and felt like SC5 was a piece of crap.PROS:-Day one MOD SUPPORT! Amazing!-No EA-No Always online ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-No Origin-Big city limits (suck it SC5)-Graphics-Very detailed city simulation, down to individual citizens-Water simulation!-Finnish game studio-Friend works in the company.-No EACONS:-Public transportation lines are difficult to edit afterwards, when you got many of them and some overlapping. Would be very helpful to be able to isolate them for easier editing.-Tree placing should be a brush ( There's a nice mod that fixes this )-No autosaving ( There's a mod that fixes this )-No disasters-No time of day, different weather effects and seasons."
,Recommended,255710,14893115,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,RvnBlk,"My first city went bankrupt, the second was washed away by flood (don't ask), third drowned in sewage, my fourth and current city (as of this writing) is doing fine but city layout is horrible - traffic jams everywhere.This game refuses to hold my hand, as it should. Played for 12 hours straight - reluctant to leave my computer to shower, eat and go to the bathroom. Basic needs are for losers."
,Recommended,255710,15793546,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Slyrae,"This really is the greatest city simulator there is, and will be for quite a long time. I'm having trouble finding ANYthing wrong with this game. I've played most SimCity's, Anno 2070, Cities XL and almost fell for the Cities XXL nonsense. Then I found this game, and my life is complete.Some of the things worth noting:- The UI is simple but intuitive, it doesn't have that featureless feeling some of the plainer UI's have.- The game itself runs incredibly well, however you do need a good processor and a few GB of RAM to play it idealy.- Gameplay is silky smooth and addicting, no glitches or anything. There's even a little in-engine physics to things like cars, rivers and trees.- Road design is incredibly free and grid layouts are 100% accurate, unlike 2013's Simcity.- Full workshop and in-game modding support with an expanding community and many interesting items and maps to choose from, Copper Creek on the workshop is my favorite.- This list just goes on and on...The only thing I can really notice being undesirable (to a small extent, it's not really a big deal) are things like garbage and deathcare. They tend to get overwhelming and lots of weekly money needs to be spent to fix them. (When your landfills are full or more people are dying than you can transport to a cemetary kind of thing) I'd recommend finding something better on the workshop or using the asset editor to lower/raise some gampleay values in those buildings slightly.Just a fair little heads up to newcomers, your citizens in this game are born, age, and die eventually. Don't worry though, they'll be replaced by their children for the largest part. But there may be a point in the game where a lot of people suddenly die and it's a little scary. This is because of your senior citizens getting a little too old. if you know what I mean. Be sure to prepare for this if you find it to happen, I am not completely certtain if it's just that playrhrough of mine of if it's actually a phenomenon within the game.   :PTo sum it up and make it nice and short for you, this game really is a worthwhile investment and it honestly, coming from someone who's a dear city-builder fan, steps on all the other titles and I mean ALL of them. You'll love it.Find my review helpful? Have anything to say or any constructive criticism to give? No problem! Let me know!"
76561198064859432,Recommended,255710,17352254,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,averman,"1st dayA friend buying this game, intrigued, ask him to share it with me.2nd dayPlaying this game after office hour whilst waiting for my wife3rd dayStarting to play on-work hour, thankfully it's linux supported4th dayplaying as soon as I got home, wife complaining alot5th daywife complaining a lot more, watching me play every time6th daywife starting to ask question and give suggestion7th daywife starting to play on her own8th daywife complains the game unplayable because my friend who share it is currently playing9th daywife cannot take it anymore, finally give the order to buy the game10th daycannot access my own computer, wife is playing all the time, starting to regret playing this game...."
,Recommended,255710,15516367,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,"[REDi]1R MAJ princecoo [A,D,ds]","Cities: Skylines is a City Builder/Simulation game, and it’s fantastic.Cities: Skylines absolutely destroys EA and Maxis’ 2013 effort, Sim City, in every conceivable way.  Where Maxis managed to somehow fail in a genre they pretty much invented, Colossal Games and Paradox Interactive have treated Maxis’ effort as a treatise on what not to do.This is, without a doubt, the game Sim City 2013 should have been.First up, the graphics. Skylines is very well optimized, with large detailed cities bustling along with no hiccups, and some nice options in the settings to fiddle with if you do experience any problems. The game looks great, with lots of detail. Buildings grow and “level up” as you watch, changing their value and appearance and attracting different types of people and businesses. You can easily identify different areas and specialties, as well as transport, power and sewerage systems by colour using the (mostly) intuitive UI. Clicking on people, houses and buildings will give you more details, and identifying problems (or successes) is made very easy.The gameplay is where Skylines shines, however. You’ll be juggling residents needs and wants by ensuring access to clean water, power, efficient transportation, entertainment and medicine, to name just a few. You’ll have to control pollution, both physical and noise, crime and disease. There are a variety of ways to do this, how you go about it is up to you.You’ll start by placing roads. Then zone areas off the roads into a category: Residential, Industrial, Retail and Office. Then set up a functioning power grid and clean water/waste water sewerage system. After that, it’s all about placing public services to attract more people, and expanding your city across the map. And what a map! You initially start on each map with a 2 square kilometre parcel of land in which to build, but can expand out over 8 such parcels out of 25 available per map. That said, it is trivial to mod out the limitation, and if your computer can handle it, you absolutely can build on the entire map. As a bonus, if you don’t like any of the premade maps the game ships with, you can easily use the in-game map editor to create (or recreate!) your own map to play on. There is even an asset editor too, so you can create and modify the in game assets to your preferences.The game systems make sense, and work how you’d expect them to. This is a simulation game, after all! After you’ve finished zoning your city, you can then create districts, which allow you to apply policies city wide or just to select areas. Make the CBD have compulsory smoke detectors and free public transport, while giving the poor and destitute section of town a rebate on green energy. Ban heavy vehicles from residential areas to lower noise and decongest traffic!Industries will make you money, but require careful planning. Take advantage of natural oil reserves, mine ore, farm, cut down your forests or simply go for “Generic”, where you’ll be making random stuff. The finance and taxation system is easily understood and superb.The game models traffic behaviour very well and in fact figuring out a way to manage high density traffic is one of the hardest aspects of playing Skylines. To that end, you’re given plenty of options, such as numerous road types, public transport, cargo ships, trains and aeroplanes.Surprisingly, the game has an incredibly effective water simulation too; Dams will burst and water flows realistically throughout the map, and pollution will be carried downstream with currents.The icing on the cake for Cities: Skylines is the fact that Skylines is 100% mod friendly, with integrated Steam Workshop support. People have already uploaded thousands of custom maps and assets to the workshop, as well as gameplay tweaks and it’s pretty safe to say that if you find something wrong with the game that you think could be better, there is a very good chance that there is already a mod for it on the workshop.Now you’ve heard me gush over how great this game is, what are the cons?The game doesn’t auto-save! This is a real pain if you mess up. But, there is a mod for that.There is no day/night cycle, which would have been nice. But, there is a mod for that.The camera doesn’t let me go low enough to get a good look of my city streets up close. But, there is a mod for that. There is another one that enables a First Person View from and person you click on in the street!Not a lot of maps to choose to play on. But, the workshop has hundreds available, downloaded and added to the available maps with a single click.There is even a mod that allows you and a friend to explore your cities in First Person online, using the in game people as avatars. Why? Who knows! But it’s possible!In conclusion, if you like city builders or simulation games, you cannot go wrong with Cities: Skylines. It is everything you could want out of this genre.Sim City, eat your heart out."
,Recommended,255710,14906861,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,"Trying Too Hard, Ethan","Let's start with this: it is an amazing city building game. It's the best in generations. BUT, like any other game, it has it's downfalls too.MAP SIZE: 10/10The city size is HUGE. At first you start out in a 2kmx2km area, but you can expand to a total of 9 of them, for a 18x18km area or 324 km or 201 mi area. Another pluside is that there are already mods to expand your city size to a total of 25 tiles, for a 50x50 km area, 2500 km, or 1553 mi area. The size of this doesn't make your computer lag, either, unless you don't meet the minimum requirements for the game.AI: 7/10They all have diverse personalities, and you can explore the lives of each of them. The only problem is the traffic. It's terrible: If there all 6 lanes available, they will all go in one lane. Genius.INTERFACE: 9/10The interface is great. It is just a little cluttered.HOW IT RUNS: 10/10It runs extremley smooth and only starts to lag when you have HUGE cities. For an example, watch this video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVoP1Um95Sg&list=UUZYqx1ak0C-YKhUQY6QtxDQTHINGS TO DO: 9/10There is a LOT to do, from perfecting neighborhoods to fixing water pipes. The only reason I knocked 1 point off is because there are no disasters, which in my opinion is something required for a city building game.DIVERSITY: 9/10The only reason it is 9/10 is because the building colors are almost identical and painted-looking. Despite this, you can model your own buildings :)DIFFICULTY: (not how hard the game is) 9/10The only reason it is difficult is when you get to huge cities it becomes literally difficult with everything in your face all at once.GRAPHICS: (for the average graphics of the time of the release date) 9/10They are amazing. I've seen better, but it is still great. It has it's own style.CLUTTER: 8/10Ugh, when your in a city trying to build, pop ups everywhere makes it hard to work..PRICE: 10/10For this great of a game, it is very cheap at the time of it's release.OVERALL SCORE:90% To PerfectWould I recommend this? Yes!"
,Recommended,255710,15428383,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Zed Cola,"Things I can do in Cities: Skylines that I couldn't do in SimCity:- Play without an internet connection- Edit terrain in a nice map editor- Play without logging into Origin- Actually have simulated people whose actions make sense- Manage traffic properly- Have funGraphics are beautifal and enhanced by mods, lots of city management features, real simulation and MOD SUPPORT. But alas no multiplayer :/ ."
,Recommended,255710,14833079,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Dick Cheney,"Hey EA, look at how much fun I'm having not playing your games!"
,Recommended,255710,16408042,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,papasexton,"My people complained because taxes were too high, so I placed the water pumping station right next to the water drain pipe so they were forced to drink their own urine and feces. Within minutes, 97% of the water was contaminated with their own poop and hospitals began to flood with sick people. I couldn't let that happen, so I bulldozed every medical clinic and hospital and replaced them with cemetaries so the citizens knew exactly what their future looked like. While more and more people got sick, the population continued to decrease by the thousands. It took no more than fifteen minutes before every citizen was dead. Every citizen except for one. While everyone else was in bed waiting to die, there was one lone garbage truck driver who was determined to do his duty to his country. He pushed through the sickness and feces and continued to collect trash from the empty houses. That man operating the garbage truck is a true hero. Even through the apocalypse, he continued to fight for this country and show the world he is truly the greatest garbage truck driver that ever lived. Shortly after, he drowned in his own♥♥♥♥♥♥ RIP in peace Squidney Saxton, garbage man, 2015-2015.On the bright side, my traffic problem went away."
,Recommended,255710,14921198,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Walrus-Sama,"I like this.Pros:+No EA.+Good performance.+No ""Always online"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.+Mod support.+Launch price is like 50-60% of normal full game price on launch.+Game takes up little HardDrive space (About 2-4 GB's).+Large build space (Composed of 2x2Km squares that can be unlocked, I have 8 at the moment, not sure of limit). (+mods to increase it further, at cost of performance)+A few unique mechanics (Like Districts), as well as good mechanics you'd expect.Cons:-Easy.-Lack of endgame content.-Looks like a Sim City clone. (Yet the ""clone"" is >2 times better...)TL;DR: Good. Get."
,Recommended,255710,14914455,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,MuscularYoda,"EA, you paying attention?"
,Recommended,255710,14878810,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,TMLFAN89,"Very happy, thank you Colossal for doing what EA couldn't."
,Recommended,255710,18088485,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,JOHJ,All old people die simultaneously. Drivers can't make a U-turn unless the road has ended. No one tries to avoid traffic jams. Twitter is annoying.10/10 for realism
76561198067707932,Recommended,255710,14912653,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mr_PooMore,"Built a Power PlantPower plant catches on fire300 MW below lineSewage treatment plants close from no powereveryone standing in their own pooBrown cloud form over city from air and land pollution, River turns brownFamilies get lethal virus from own pooRoads clog as 80,000 flee from city using three-lane highwayOnly 1,500 make it out before I declare martial lawHearses cant go to take dead bodies from homes and streetsBodies pile upClose all hospitals to make funding for new power plantNot enough moneyCity drown in own poo and dead bodiesGame Over 10/10"
76561198119208048,Recommended,255710,15094943,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,highcue,"Q: What I think of this game?A: Best city builder game I played... ever... periodQ: What I don’t like about it?A: Traffic does need to be fine tuned, and I feel mods are necessary to balance the game, but it's very tedious...Q: What about user generated content?A: Workshop community has been very impressive, adding so many cool things to the game.I am at a point where I feel I am missing out on amazing mods and content, because there are so many to choose from, and I can't invest the time to try them all.But how can you really complain from having too much choice, so forget I just said that...Q: Does it worth the price?A: Price might seem a bit steep to some, but for any fan of city builder games, you'll get your money's worth in the first week... and probably lose a bit of grasp on reality at the same time.Bottom line, you will get a lot more then what you pay for, so why wait?Q: What I would love to see added to the game?A: I would like to see some scenarios of some kind being added.Milestones are great, and sandbox opens so many possibilities... yet still, I would like to have the option of being guided or limited to specific objectives.It would help me understand some parts of the game better, and bring my game to another level.Q: What are my advices when playing the game?A: The game expects you to be a pro at this; you'll have to make a lot of mistakes before you find your way.It's easy to ""cheat"" the game, but it will not make it more fun.- Watch tutorials to get some ideas- Use mods with caution, they can improve the game, but can also break it...- Help rating user generated content, rating takes 5 seconds and creators should get recognition for their work- Make suggestions, Colossal Order and Paradox are listening to the feedback and are not wasting any timeQ: What would I like to say to Paradox and Colossal Order’s team?A: You have given me what I was waiting for! THANK YOU!But you have also stolen 100 hours of my life already... Are you proud?     I am sure you are ;)You’ve set new standards in the way a game should be delivered to the community and updated based on user feedback, and all gamers will benefit from your work.Kudos to everyone!!!Q: Where am I going?A: Sorry, I have a city to build... goodbye!"
76561197999903905,Recommended,255710,15905742,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Spice must flow,"Colossal order releases a city-building simulator. Millions of copies sold. A couple of months later developer makes an announcement:""We are sorry, that we didn't include tunnels and European buildings in the initial release of the game. Here, take them for free""."
,Recommended,255710,20268916,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,StrikeR,"Cities: Skylines is a city builder developed by Colossal Order, the guys who were responsible for making the Cities in Motion series, and published by Paradox Interactive, and I have to say this is hands down the best city builder we’ve ever had on Steam .The size of the game is astonishing, by default the game features a 36km^2 map which is almost ten times the size of the map we’re given in SimCity 2013, and with the help of mods from the Steam Workshop, this can be expanded to a mind boggling 100km^2. Even though there are no interactions between cities that are on different maps, it is frankly not necessary, with the help of the powerful yet easy to use building tool, you can build multiple cities on a single map.Despite its humongous size, the developers paid close attention to details, in fact, detail is the word I’ll use to describe this game. From the entire traffic network, down to individual citizens, every aspect in Cities: Skylines are properly simulated. You’ll find lorries, colour coded depending on what they are currently carrying, delivering their cargoes to their designated factories, citizen actually living in a permanent home, and ambulances rushing to accident scenes, then little paramedics will get out of their vehicle, and few seconds later return with a patient on a stretcher.I also love how water works in this game as well as the fluid physics, it is completely unnecessary to have it in a city builder but in this case it has added so much more to the experience. Water has currents and flows, so you'll want to pump water on the upstream and set up sewage pipes on the opposite end, else you’ll start pumping polluted sewage water back into the system. You can even drain a lake dry completely, or accidentally flooding your city because you demolished a dam, playing with water has never been so fun.This is a city builder perfected, and with the support of Steam Workshop, further enriched by the endless creativity of the community. Cities: Skylines is a must buy for anyone who has the slightest interest in city builders."
,Recommended,255710,14862504,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Spy Kids Fanboy,it worked on day one10/10
,Recommended,255710,14894280,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,KiLL3r,A car was driving slowly in front of my firetruck heading for a fire at my favourite building. The building burnt down. So I found the car drivers house and bulldozed it. Screw you Albert Wilson from the Anchor Residence!!!! 11/10 Would bulldoze again
,Recommended,255710,14969532,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Zeem,"This is the game awaited by the city building community for 12 years, a proper, full 3D successor to SimCity 4. It is incredibly fun, insanely addictive and somewhat challenging, although it has some minor drawbacks.Pros:+ It is so addictive I spent 36 hours playing it in the first three days after I got it+ Transportation system is very detailed, and agent-based simulation works very nicely with it+ Zoning works very nicely with free-form roads+ The available territory is quite big - up to 36 square kilometers in base game (9 tiles), up to 100 square kilometers with a simple mod (25 tiles) and whopping 324 (!) square kilometers with the less stable 81 tile enabler+ Unique and fully working fluid dynamics system+ Districts and policies allow for fine control over your city+ Globally unlocked buildings help to vary playstyle in different cities - from building an eco-friendly utopia with lots of parks and low taxes to an industrial hellhole full of illness and crime+ Modding is quite encouraged - the community is very active and the tools are easy to use; by now there are hundreds of great mods and assets avalable on the Workshop+ Dev team keeps in touch with the community and pays a lot of attention to the feedback+ Free patches significantly improve the game, introducing great features like tunnels, European themed buildings, day-night cycle, in-game terraforming, canals and quays, increased object limits and improved mod toolsCons:- It's not very challenging past the first 10k - the biggest hurdles left are traffic and congestion (there are numerous mods rebalancing the game to be harder more realistic, but I can't vouch for their quality)- The amount of assets included in the base game is relatively small (but bigger than on release), so you'll see a lot of repetition (although it is remedied by mods and community-created assets, you have to keep an eye on RAM and VRAM consumption)- Day/night cycle doesn't really make much of a difference in vanilla gameplay (again, there's an excellent mod which overhauls the mechanic - Rush Hour)All in all, Cities: Skylines is an amazing game that's certainly worth a purchase, especially with its low price. But you may not enjoy it as much if you are not a fan of the genre."
76561198271072676,Recommended,255710,31448658,Posted: 29 April,all,cmbvgamer,This game made me realize how hard it is to run Detroit.
,Recommended,255710,32780832,Posted: 25 June,all,Octane,"The simulation is really forgiving compared to SC4, with some basic city planning concepts you can manage 30k-50k city within a few hours. DLC is kind of expensive, but not necessary. Power delivery is still kind of confusing."
,Recommended,255710,16734381,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Neeeb4roni,"1. Pirate game2. Feel bad and buy game because it's such a good city sim3. Spend several hours building a functioning city4. Reach 13,000 population5. Make huge investment to build dam to solve energy problems forever6. Accidentally divert the river7. City is reclaimed by the sea10/10 Would make Atlantis again"
76561198030788488,Recommended,255710,25677754,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Cracktus Jack,"Cities: Skylinesis a city building simulator. Build a city from the grounds up, managing the budget and city services for a population that is increasingly demanding as it grows. This review takes into account theAfter DarkDLC (will update review as I acquire and play with further DLCs).Pros: The game looks great with intricate models and gorgeous night-time lighting effects. The tutorial is built into the game with help cards that explain each game concepts when accessing them for the first time. These concepts are gradually introduced upon reaching certain population thresholds, which makes sense: a 1000-citizen town doesn't need a university or a subway line, so you don't get city approval to build these until the population mendates it.Colossal Order's experience withCities in Motionshines through the complex, but not complicated, public transport system, down to bus routes, cab depots and international airports. City budget is simple with scroll-bars for taxes and service expense, and various city-wide or district-specific policies ranging from Smoking Ban for a better city health to Legalized Marijuana for bonus tourism. Money is inflated just well enough, as either something's wrong with your city and you're losing a lot of money, or you fixed what's wrong and you're making a lot of money, preventing you from spending an eternity waiting for your money to go up a few dollars at a time (unlike some other city builder I know) or needing to change the game speed in an attempt to skip the wait. Statistics and graph tools are impeccable, you just pick category from the graphs menu or a building from your build menu, and you get stats, capacity, street coverage and building needs right in the city view.Cons: You are limited to a starting map and may gradually purchase more land, and while the concept makes sense in tycoon-style games, you can unlock most land expansions pretty early and their cost is pretty low, so it feels like a cheap way to force you into starting at a particular location when you wish you could start you city elsewhere on the map. There are some weird oversights in the graphics, such as large ships that literally pass through bridges, or trees that grew under water (leaves and all). Building long roads or pipes in a straight line is also sketchy: I regularly had roads built in parallel still have the space between them shrink over distance, or have the hardest time getting both directions of a highway aligned in curves. I mean, I'm all for it when it comes to not being locked into an isometric grid, but it should allow you to build straight when you want to. Ironically, buildings and land tiles, which you may want to customize, actually ARE locked in a grid along the road. Even with a dozen alternate routes, every single car (including emergency vehicules) use the shortest road regardless on traffic jams, a problem that only gets worst as the city grows.Verdict: ★★★★★ - Play this. Now.The Cons may appear lengthy, but it's only because these were minor gripes that required explanation to even grasp why they are gripes.Cities: Skylinesis the best city builder out there, bringing everything that was fun aboutSimCity 4 – Deluxe Edition, equaling or surpassing most innovationsSimCity ""5""brought, and adding so much of its own. If you like city simulators at all, this one is a must have. I can't wait to experience theSnowfallDLC's new weather conditions and city services, as well as the upcomingNatural DisastersDLC that'll give it the only things left SimFans can still brag about.P.S.: I haven't mentioned the Mods available through the Steam Workshop, but I just have to point outBryan Shannon, a former Maxis artist who does professional-quality building Mods forCities: Skylines. If you have any interest in downloading Mods for this game, you should browse his collection.—————————————————————————This was just my opinion.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, and feel free to check out more of my (purely opinionated)reviews."
,Recommended,255710,18238999,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Borgopixel,I have lost control of my lifeBut traffic is running smoothly through Orion City!11/10 would reccomend
,Recommended,255710,14867014,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,G1t.Gud,"hmm, after 42 hrs i got onto this game, i finnally reviewed this game,1-10 hrs : Learning about the game20-25 hrs : Learning about make +++ profit in game25-30 hrs : learning how to manage services stop area35-40 hrs : learning how to manage dead people40- now hrs : still dunno how to manage dead people in right way10/10, because got day/night cycle update :)"
,Recommended,255710,31527182,Posted: 3 May,all,osalva,"What. A. Game.If you were like me and, after hearing the negativity around SimCity 2013, and played the early SimCities with glee, then it is likely you were hunting out a modern city builder with serious credentials. Cities: Skylines is just that.Before I talk about Pros and Cons, I will just say this game gets a solid 8.5/10 and despite a pretty stiff £22 asking price, is worth every penny.PROSDetailed and involving tax and economy featuresVariety of buildings and themesAll major aspects of city builders and of just real life are covered: health, crime, traffic, fire etc.Good road building mechanicsWater-based buildings that CAN ACTUALLY BE PLACED (ahem SimCity 2004 ahem)Lovely graphicsEfficient and effective interfaceSlow paced, relaxing gameplayTraffic that actually requires thought and effortGood learning curveMod supportCONSScrew you, bus line creatorRivers can flood through terrain, ruining cities you once though safe from water damageBeach?Some mods seem for me to not work, though whether this is C:S's or the modder's fault I'm not sureSometimes, placing of large buildings like the largest hospital, is tricky as it complains stuff is in the way when it isn't (UPDATE - have realised that this may partially be down to the underground power cables mod i have getting in the way of building, Anarchy mod fixes this)Overall, a great game and a definite recommedation."
,Recommended,255710,26298650,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Joshmaul,"I started with city builders way back in 1996, with SimCity 2000, beginning the construction of my ""capital of capitals"" - I was nine, I nerded out, made it a capital of an empire I created for myself, heh. For the permanently angled view, the constant reticulation of splines, and the occasional metal monster blowing up my forests of arcologies and massacring millions of my citizens as a result, there was enough to it to make the imagination to go wild. SC3K (and 3K Unlimited/World Edition) was the same basic idea with a lot more detail, and SC4 allowed me to build bigger and bigger (Rush Hour was a neat touch too, because you could actually into the streets - not quite like Streets of SimCity, but close enough). Even Societies, which gets a bad rap because it's not Maxis - among other reasons - worked out great - perhaps even better, as your decisions on the society effected the decor quite nicely. (I tended to build Authoritarian cities, heh heh.)Then came SimCity 2013, and it seemed like a good idea to start. Except for the constant online feature, the DRM controversies, so on...and the fact that the city sizes were fixed, as opposed to the variously-sized tiles made available in SC4. It basically turned into another typical EA game - ""buy more of this, it will enhance the experience"". I was disappointed...Cities of Tomorrow was an interesting touch, but not enough to keep me going.Then I heard about Cities: Skylines. A number of people suggested the similar-yet-unrelated Cities XL (and various sequels) to me in lieu of SC '13, and when this came out, some pointed me here. I got it during the last sale about a month ago, and began building a new incarnation of my capital of capitals...and for the first time in twenty years, it felt like a real city, with real needs. I was used to the basic stuff, mainstays of most city-builders of this type - needs power, water, garbage disposal, police, so on - but in my first playthrough, I looked in the healthcare tab and went, ""Wait...cemeteries? You have DEATHCARE in this game?"" Which was kinda funny to me, as in real life, I like to explore historic cemeteries...the thought never occurred to me that maybe there could be historical cemeteries in my own cities!The unique buildings and monuments are also a nice touch, because they're functional as well as decorative (I have them all except for the fusion plant, I need the observatory). The weather is also nice; I will have to get the Snowfall pack to see how well I can build in the snow...if it's anything like New England winter, probably not too well!While there is still a size limit (barring the use of mods) for your city, it's a lot larger than in SC '13, and also has a lot more flexibility than SC '13...or any other type of game like this I've played, for that matter. And the realistic details allowed me to fool my friends and family; my brother had actually thought a screencap of my city was a photograph of a real city.In short: Loads of fun, and it's induced me to commit heresy against the Church of SimCity by building here...any fans of the golden oldies, please don't burn me at the stake."
76561198084915718,Recommended,255710,14823775,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,seanfluehr,Able to play on launch day.10/10
,Recommended,255710,14990627,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Trash Panda,"This game is comparable to Simcity 4 but with better graphics and gameplay. A whole lot better when compared to the latest simcity which is plagued with many problems such as map size and DRM.Pros:- Realistic water simulation; if you build your water intake down the river and the waste output up the river, you're gonna feed your citizens with poop water. And dams will alter the flow of the river- Noise pollution is taken into consideration (Can be caused by traffic, windmills, industries etc.).- District zoning (allows you to micro-manage your city easily). Policies can be introduced only to the specific districts. For example, in district 1 it is legal to use recreational drugs while in district 2 it is illegal.- Easily accesable info view where you can see the stats of your city, such as education, crimes, and so on.- Natural resource exploitation for more income.- Detailed public transportation systems which allows you to plan the routes.- Very easy to learn especially if you have played city building games such as Simcity before.- You are able to see the complaints of your citizens in a notification box above the screen which functions like twitter. This allows you to pinpoint and correct problems quickly.- Very big map sizes allows you to build metropolitan cities.- Limited service buildings are available at first but becomes available as your city grows (makes it easy for new players to learn)Cons:- Road mapping can get wonky sometimes and you end up building roads that are slanted. This kinda irritate the OCD side of me.- The unavailability of service buildings early in the game means that it is harder to plan your city early on. And you might have to sacrifice a couple of houses to accomodate the buildings.I will continue to update my review as I put more hours into this game. Feel free to comment on your opinions."
,Recommended,255710,29361431,Posted: 19 January,all,Scotty,It's not made by EA. It's also a great game. Tons of hours of suffering with traffi- I... I mean fun building cities! Did I mention that it's not made my EA?
,Recommended,255710,32856323,Posted: 27 June,all,LadyMulti,"Okay, I don't usualy write reviews, but I chose to (this time).I love this game.  It's one of the best city builders I have played within the past decade.  The other one is Cities XL, which I played heavily before Cities Skylies came out (unfortunately that game, Cities XL, is outdated and just wearing; not good for long play).This game, however, if lively, bright, inviting, smooth, and fun.I know a lot of people have an issue with Paradox's ""DLC policy"" but you're not required to buy DLC to enjoy this game.  The game itself is fun and has updates on its own.  Also, the game is open to mods, which means you can add assets and other things created by other fans of the game from the workshop without having to worry about the DLC....and I wonder jsut how many people may argue about the DLC may have bought an expansion pack for an online game (WoW or any other,... Final Fantasy 14 in my case).  I can't knock these worked on mini-expansions small prices when I spend $50 on an expansion for an online game that allows me to use 3 new jobs and travel to a new area...even thought I will be right next to people who can access these things without me having them (meaning the $50 was just a glorified unlock code, essentially)I mean they could wait and make a massive expansion and release a fullsized expansion but I don't see the issue with sevelal small ""expansions"" called DLC.  DLC that one could wait until it goes on sale and buy them a bit along.And that is why I recommend this game.  A company that continually wants to expand on their property to keep it alive.  If you see it as them just being greedy, you're not oblidged to buy it, but it's clear that people are still buying them.  Why?  because they enjoy the game.That's the point of games.  To enjoy them.  Why not have more things added to further that enjoyment.  Much less have stuff added that is official, stable, and compatable.Or, if you're not happy with it, you're free to go buy the old and outdated city builders that avaiable on Steam here.  SimCity4 is available...but you'll never get to see any new content or enjoy any mods with that game."
,Recommended,255710,14879026,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,i yiff griffins,could play on launch day 10/10
,Recommended,255710,14862375,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Tolain,"How do these pissants keep tweeting about my failures as a mayor after I shut down their electric supply? Those iphones have to run out of power eventually, and if that fails I have a bulldozer to destroy their houses. Which, lets be honest here, they're really MY houses. I BUILT THIS TOWN and if those worms don't like it then they can just pack their bags and leave Tolaintopia.I bet this is what being a third world dictator is like."
,Recommended,255710,23537622,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Rokoshy,"> Built a water pump in a nearby river to get clean water.> Built a sewage down the river, so my water remains clean.> Built another water pump and sewage.> Citizend are happy.> I'm the best mayor.> Unlock electricity dams.> Citizens want more energy.> Builds a dam on said river.> Citizend are happy.> Dam create a lake.> Sewage starts flowing IN the water pumps.> 85% of city get's sick and people are dying.> Don't have money to buy hospitals.> Realise too late that dam was the problem.> Citizens are sad.> I'm not the best mayor anymore.Dams are evil.10/10"
,Recommended,255710,15012095,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,DigitalCreation,You can build an actual city!10/10 EA sucks
,Recommended,255710,15902493,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,SquatchCommander,"Bought it on release day. Within 1 hour I uninstalled....Simcity 2013, Simcity 4 and Simcity Societies. Simcity was THE game growing up and now Skylines has brought that back in tenfold. Skylines is missing three things that I would love to see.Disasters: No not zombies or monster attacks... Disasters..a weather dynamic system such as rain, snow, tornadoes, hurricanes, monsoons, mudslides, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods and volcanic eruptions. Also economic and human disasters would be awesome..i.e WWIII breaks out and the fights come to your city due to its important economic means and its military baseElections and Council: Have a mode or option where you to put your record and city building skills on table and run against an opponent who may take your mayor position away. Also allow the option of adding a city council that can help or hamper your city planning by blocking or giving out city resources and land.Major Company HQ's, Sporting Events/teams and world events: Let us negotiate deals with major companies to build hq's in the city which may require tearing down a popular city spot. Let us bid for the olympics  then have to build the buildings should we win the bid! Or bid for major sports teams from all the major leagues of the world then negotiating new stadiums for said team. World events such as a Worlds Fair, or Papal Visit, or other major world events.That's my three wishes. Maybe a developer will see at least one ;)"
76561198040401422,Recommended,255710,15401948,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Dolor,"Cities: Skylines is a brand new city-building game in the vein of Simcity but built with modern sensibilities.What is Great about this game:- The city-building simulation is deep, complex, and incredibly satisfying to master- The agent and traffic simulation is particularly deep and compelling to manage- A variety of tools are available to manage almost any problem that arises in your city- The game looks and runs beautifully- Available areas for expansion are massive (and truly huge with easy to acquire mods)- Modding and Steam Workshop support is pervasive in the game, and the modding community is prolificWhat is Good about this game:- Good use of Steam features (cloud saves, trading cards, achievements, etc)What is Bad about this game:- Some of the mechanics of the simulation (e.g. freight train depots, RCI) are not well surfaced so it can be a challenge to know how to answer certain problemsConclusion:Cities: Skylines is the new benchmark in city building and city simulation games.  This is the game to get if you are at all interested in the genre, and everyone should at least try it once.10.0 / 10.0"
,Recommended,255710,18179257,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,PoliticsGaming,"With After Dark released, I can finally make a legit review for Cities: Skylines.Cities is the most polished, realistic, best city building game I have ever played. Coming from early SimCity games and then to Cities XL, I can say that C:SL is a very, very recommended game that I will always recommend to any person interested in these games. I love city builders, and C:SL was amazing from the start. Many features include budget management, detailed transportation info, and many options on roads and how you want to build your city. You can expand your city limits and make your city thrive. With very little bugs and massive modding support, this game is the best of the best.Cities After Dark has made it so much better, with activity in your city slowing down (which in turn makes your economy slow down at night, adding a new challenge to the game), as night progresses. Some parts in your districts can be set to accomidate night life to make even more money to compensate for the lost revenue. Taxi services, train lines, bus lines, and subways are options for public transportation. Water and electricity management are vital to survive as a municipality. I love Cities: Skylines!"
,Recommended,255710,26362990,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Slick Gamble,"Do you like creation, or city building? If yes to either, give this game a long look. The  two primary ways (soon to be three with the release of scenarios as part of the free update for the Disasters DLC) you'll probably play this game will be either sandboxing with infinite money, or more vanilla which won't use mods.What I love:Scale - The maps are massive. Even in vanilla in which you have access to 9 tiles out of a possible 81, you have a massive space to develop, decorate and grow. As a point of reference, Sim City 2013 maximum city space is equal to 1 square in Cities: Skylines. As a bonus, there are thousands of player created maps in the steam workshop, some of which provide fantastic settings to grow an empire or a small rural city.Living Cities - The people and the traffic all have a life, a destination; they're not simply arbitrary numbers detailing their supposed existence. You will be tasked to provide the infrastructure they need to live and will be critical to succeed as mayor, civil engineer, and accountant of your city.Cities: Traffic Wars - Some love it, some hate it. I love traffic wars. I love the problem solving, the beautification designing of interchanges; it's a very rewarding feeling when you solve traffic problems successfully. Nothing wrong with that. Yes, there is quirky behavior, but it doesn't detract massively from the experience. I have a couple tips: Leave space for traffic to filter and minimize weaving. That goes a long way. There are player guides that tackle how to solve typical traffic issues such as How to Traffic and even guides that look at traffic flow theory and how it applies to this game.Workshop - Mod support and a massive amount of player content means there are enormous number of ways to build a city. Mods provide powerful options to take control, and build with massive freedom. Download responsibly and there will be minimal issues. You aren't limited to zoning and plopping, you can create beautiful, planned cities. The only limitation is your imagination.Not so great:DLC - A bit pricey for what you get, excluding After Dark. That dlc is excluded, and I would definitely take no issue paying full price on. Very feature rich. Unfortunately, the same level of praise is not really warranted for Snowfall. Trams and snow maps are nice, but I would not buy it full price.Vanilla gameplay - As a first time experience to get achievements, it's fine in its own right, but in comparison to what you can do with the player content regarding the mods (you can use building assets, props, etc. in vanilla), the gameplay is limited and quality of life for the player tends to be lower with the lack of performance mods.Difficulty - This is a double edged sword. Lack of difficulty is beneficial to those that simply want to build, grow and show off their skills with infrastructure building, and city painting. This is a negative for anyone that wants a challenging economy in vanilla. This will hold particularly true if you like that kind of gameplay in Simcity. Fortunately, for the challenge inclined, you can make it much harder on yourself with mods, and Scenarios are coming out soon, which will provide win and lose condition scenarios as part of the Disasters dlc. It will be free.TLDR: Love building, traffic wars, the almost endless beautification options, and I can be a major creep as I roleplay God with my topdown world view  as I stalk a handsome young man coming home from work as he goes home to sleep at night (he actually does live in that house). Glorious. Would I recommend to anyone that remotely likes city builders? Absolutely."
,Recommended,255710,23353050,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,The Ghost of Bernie Sanders,"Whats good -HUGE Playable area versus Simcity 2013Workshop = Endless modabilityEven without buying the DLC, you still get some stuff every DLC releaseWhat's not so good -Resource hog ; you need a NASA computer to run this on all highNo disasters or random eventsTraffic is at rush hour all day everyday without modsThe last DLC (Snowfall) includes some good stuff, but the main crux is merely vanity and only useable in new games (again, without mods)If you loved SimCity 4 and are yearning for a modern remake that's not SimCity 2013, this is a good attempt to revive the series. Beware that you'll *need* a few of the mods/workshop to really make the game shine.Free badges!"
76561198089581058,Recommended,255710,23233622,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TwilightDragon,"I had an ice factory catch on fire. 69/10.No, but seriously. I have played a lot of city sims in my day (Simcity, Tropico, CitiesXL, etc) and I can say this is the best I have played. While the game may be hard to wrap your head around at first (the game does a poor job introducing you, and there doesn't seem to be any real tutorial) once you start learning how to create your districts, city blocks, highway systems, services, mass transit, etc. the game really starts to take off in sheer size and scope. The maps are huge and could easily take you weeks to fill out with a single city. It's a far cry from the tiny 'districts' from the latest Simcity. The mechanics, such as placing buildings and infrastructure, are intuitive and easy to use for the most part (the transit lines could use a bit of work), and rarely did I have to wonder ""why can't I place this here"" or ""why isn't this working?"". The amount of in-game content for your city is also quite robust, and the ability to download additional content via the workshop lets you add even more.This is a rock solid city builder that any fan of city sims or simulation games in general needs to own.9/10"
,Recommended,255710,22774723,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Crazyglueit,My SimCity 2013 tears of sadness are finally gone! :D
,Recommended,255710,25812150,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,introspXtion,"I'll just fix the metro and then I'll go to bed.I'll just fix this round-a-bout and then I'll go to bed.Oh, I'll just delete these abandoned buildings and then I'll go to bed... promise.Wait, I need to fix this road, then I'll go to bed.And the buildings.★★★★★★★★★★"
,Recommended,255710,22498114,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Henning,"-Playing Cities: Skylines  at 4am pimpin my metropolis-Realise not enough coverage for fire trucks-Up the funding to the fire brigade to 200%-Chrip comes down-""Wish we could get some #fire service around here to feel safer-♥♥♥♥ you say?-Click on the name-""Nathan Jones""-I've had enough with these spoilt♥♥♥♥♥simulations. Thinking I don't put any work into their lives just so they don't choke do death on their own ♥♥♥♥ing tongues-Follow his day to day life-Works at the laundromat-Goes home to his wife and 2 kids-Not for long-Gets up next day-Close all roads leading to that half of the city except the one road he takes to work-Next day he's stuck in a 6-hour traffic jam-♥♥♥♥♥♥ car which probably has no air conditioning-He arrives at work-Gets out of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car-Laundromat is demolished in front of him-Jobless-6 hour journey home-Cut sewage to his house-♥♥♥♥♥♥ water poured everywhere in his house-Family gets sick from living around♥♥♥♥♥♥bottles and♥♥♥♥♥♥bags all day-Lower coverage of hospitals-Excludes only his house-No healthcare-Whole family dies except Nathan-""Going on #vacation today, can someone water the #plants?""-Build dam-Completely flood his house-He lives-Demolish house-Now homeless. Lives in a bus shelterDon't ♥♥♥♥ing criticize my fire service Nathan10/10"
76561198158354158,Recommended,255710,30485749,Posted: 12 March,all,Nerissa,"There is big room for improvement, but the product itself is awesome and super-fun. DLCs are a bit overpriced though :("
,Recommended,255710,26292090,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sakujo,"To honor this great game I deleted my old review and spend some time writing a new one.You should know that this game is along-term investment.You have to spend a lot of time on it fine tuning but in exchange you'll get back a lot of excitement and room for creativity. You can start playing this game withno knowledgeabout city builder games but you will soon notice that the larger you city gets the more challenging the road network becomes.Although you need a bit of patient or else you won't like the game as much. You will have to bulldoze and rebuild streets sometimes multiple times. Just don't see it as negative point and don't get frustrated. Similar as if you draw a picture.Since this is a city builder you will spend most of your time designing road layouts and managing traffic.No one likes too much talking so here in short the positive and negative points.Positive:great graphics. Subjective yes, but you can customize the colors (LUT). If you install the correct one it will look photo realistic instead of colorfuleasy to learn. Even if you're a total beginner you will find fun in creatinghuge ""Wuselfaktor"" as we say in German. ""bustling factor"" might be the translation for itextreme high replay valueawesome community with massive amount of mods on the workshop. I highly recommended to install at least the following must-have.low system requirements without modslow price for base gamehuge maps to build ondifferent map themesSome content from DLCs is free for base game ownersweather and day/night circlecreating own districts and add policiesNegative:traffic sometimes doesn't want to use up all lanes. Thankfully I don't have this problem so often. There are multiple workarounds you can find, nevertheless it's my only real critics point. I managed to avoid this mostly by using highway exits only on one side. (So there are 2 lanes in total for the main traffic and one for the off/on ramps) As of writing the review the developers rejected to ever fix it. As reason for this they state the increase of the system requirements needed.no real on/off ramps for highways (they are basically just one-lane highways)vanilla buildings without mods are a bit too repetitiveexpensive DLCs (for that little content they add. Nevertheless you support the developers and got a cheap base game. I got myself most DLCs by now on a sale)chirpy can get annoying ;)the following must-have mods should have been in the base gameMust-have mods:Move it!(Honestly my favorite one. For details please check workshop)All 25 Areas purchasable(exactly).Mod Achievement Enabler(Or else you won't get achievements if you use mods)Dynamic Resolution(If you have a decent PC, get that to have way better AA via downsampling)Ambient Occlusion(Adds nicer and more realistic shadows on objects)Traffic Report Tool(Shows traffic routes. Good for beginners as well as experts)NoPillars(So you can easier build bridges)Network Extension Project(So you have more road types to build with. Not sure why so many are missing in the base game tbh.)Network Skins(Change the tree type on your road and more)One-Way Train Tracks(What it says)Fine Road Tool(Change road height in smaller steps)Don't crash(most important: it improves loading times)District UI Tweaks: Hide Names(Hides District names. Why is this not in vanilla C:S??)Any kind of traffic manager. Right now I useTraffic Manager President Edition.(You can play without fine, just needs more patient fixing AI traffic manually.)Extra Landscaping Tools(Very good!)Right now I have 280 mods installed. The game doesn't crash on my system regularlybut it can happen.As always I recommend to save often with that many mods.PS: On the workshop there are 96.363 mods atm. Skyrim has 49,910 on Nexus mods. ;)"
,Recommended,255710,15211393,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,noah,"Cities: Skylines is a single-player city-building simulator game developed by Colossal Order, and published by Paradox Interactive.SUMMARY:This game is great. Anyone who plays this, even if you're not a fan of the city-building genre, will enjoy this game.Pros:-simplistic and colourful art style-great UI-lots of tabs & information-good camera controls-music fits in with the atmosphere of the game, and is also well made-zoning is easy and simple, same goes with power and water-real-time water physics-plenty of variety when it comes to types of houses that are built-cities are simple and fun to create-Steam workshop support-comes with a map & asset editor, and again, easy to use-the ability to see pollution-big maps-the ability to expand your map limits-UI animations are clean-balanced loans-taxing system is great-being able to see the sewer water flow down the water is a nice touch-you can stalk each and every person in your city, and see where they live, where they work, etc. (This is ASTONISHING)-depth of field adds a nice touch to the graphics-graphics, audio, etc. settings and sliders and detailed enough-optimization is decent-the ""twitter"" function at the top of the screen is nice, and it is enjoyable to see the tweets from your citizens-Steam achievements-monuments are detailed-pretty much everything is detailed in this game-health care, police, schools, and fire stations are all cool-green energy-animations are great and mix well with everything else-SFX are great-multiple brushes for filling in zones or other things(Plus like 50 more pros, as I cannot name all of them of the top of my head)CONS-bulldozing abandoned buildings are a pain to do-no big events/disasters-traffic sometime merge together"
76561198032319465,Recommended,255710,18281977,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,TheVood,"Dear Maxis,If you had done Sim City 5 like that, you'd still exist today.Dear Focus Home Interactive,This is actually how you do a city simulator. Then again, you basically bought Cities XL/XXL from Monte Cristo before they tanked and re-release it every year by adding an X to the title, so it's not like you ever tried anyway."
,Recommended,255710,30119715,Posted: 23 February,all,SpicySweet,I uninstalled SimCity and never looked back.
,Recommended,255710,19864493,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Scipio💯,spent all day trying to build the most ♥♥♥♥ed up and ugly city everafter 10 hours of gameplay i accidently built detriot10/10
,Recommended,255710,14848662,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,brendan007,My Ice Cube Factory caught on fire.10/10
,Recommended,255710,32831309,Posted: 26 June,all,AquilaSol,"Once you start on Cities Skylines, say a heartfelt farewell to your free time. Loved SimCity 4? Buy this. You won't regret it.This game has two sides.Out of the box it is a fun, but somewhat repetitive after 100 hours, city simulation game. It'll still take up months of your time, but eventually all your cities will look the same.The mods is where the game truly becomes a masterpiece. Once you get the right mods, it truly becomes a giant sandbox. You'll be able to do everything from combine buildings to creating parks to the tiniest details, to combining thousands of props to create your own buildings from scratch right inside the game. Take a stroll around the city, hop on a bus... You can dream it, you can probably do it.Pro's:- Various play styles. The developers included mods to enable Sandbox mode and Hard Mode, so you can choose how you wish to play. Want to play without money first, then turn money back on? Sure, just turn off the Unlimited Money mod!- MODS. No, seriously, the mods make this game what it is. Between Move It, Plop The Growables, RICO, More Beautification, Anarchy mods and TMPE, this becomes a completely different game. You can do pretty much anything.- Assets. The workshop is full of extraordinary assets, and it grows larger every day.- The community is amazing.Con's:- The game is build on the Unity Engine. This engine was not meant for simulation games, especially of this size. It doesn't support lazy loading, meaning all 81 tiles are all loaded and rendered at all time, and all assets (vanilla and custom) are loaded into the RAM for the entire duration of the game, whether you use them or not. As such you'll need a decent amount of RAM and a decent CPU to run the game.- Traffic takes some thinking. Cims are abysmal drivers, and so just slapping down a few roads is not enough. You'll have to start learning a bit about how traffic works. There are Traffic AI mods that improve things, but they are quite CPU heavy.Yes if:- You're looking for a sandbox city builder where you can build whatever city you like. Grab a few mods and it becomes a virtual sandbox for you to play around in.- You want a sequel to SimCity 4.No if:- You're looking for an in-depth socio-economic, demographic city management game. There is no political system.- You own a system with an IntelHD GPU. Just don't, it clearly says it's incompatible. Stop complaining the game doesn't work."
76561198134069863,Recommended,255710,20009178,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,marty mcfly,>have entire city running on solar power>buys after dark>entire city blacks out10/10
76561198148350133,Recommended,255710,25291501,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Sour'n'SweetBacon,"I Bought this game 2 days before it went on sale for 75%. Other then an overwhelming sense of poor timing, I like this game."
76561198022230963,Recommended,255710,32683558,Posted: 23 June,all,GIO,Best city simulation game but the DLCs are expensive
,Recommended,255710,14980444,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Uranium Lollipop,"Cities Skylines is a wonderful city builder, it puts in so many unnessesary details that just make the game feel so alive.Pros:+Beautiful.+Camera controls are nice.+Crazy amounts of tiny details that go from every person having a name, house and job to street light flickering before they change.+A nice selection of maps to choose from.+Has that nice classic city builder feel to it.+Looks very modern.+Day 1 mod support.+Easy to use level editor+ building creator thing.+Lots of options for obtaining resourses.+Developers seem to be active and nice.+Sounds are nice.+Rewards you for milestones+Has actual water physics (which are not needed in a city game but are just another nice feature).Cons:-People are not happy with leisure even if there are parks everywhere-Some people won't be educated even though there is a school next to them.-Some of the random ""tweets"" get repetitive.-Dosen't have a tutorial for people who have never played a city builder before.-Because there is no tutorial I have no way or pre-planning anything that's about to come my way and I end up not being able to build things I need.-Citizens leave not because they are unhappy but because you didn't build something specific which the game wanted you to build which is a bit dumb.-Vehicles sometimes dissapear.-Bus, Metro, Trains and the rest of those are really frustrating to build and are really hard to learn how to even make without looking up a tutorial.-Sometimes the game won't let you build a road/build ext. because there is something in the way, but there isn't.Overall I rate this game a 9/10 has a fair amount of issues but still very fun and is a great game."
,Not Recommended,255710,29783205,Posted: 8 February,all,miklol,"TL;DR: sandbox game for creative players. If your creativity is channeled through problem-solving, then this game will leave you wanting.I have tried so hard to like the game.Hands-down, technically thebest city-builder since Sim City 4. The problem is: I don't have the urge to come back to it. 5 hours in, lack of interest settles in, I just give up and start over. Rince and repeat. Ican't find the funthough I'm looking hard.Therefore it's aimed atcreativeplayers, who just play on unlimited resources and invest time in designing a beautiful city.Lack of challenge makes you fail to see the point of anything after a couple hours. ""Ok, I can improve traffic, but what's the point, people still come to my city and budget is fine anyway"". ""Criminality? Okay, whatever. Budget's fine"".""Cool, I can fine tune the budget with all the sliders!... I can make tax-free zones for specific industries!... but I don't care and won't ever use it because there's absolutely no point"".If you're the kind of person who just wants to design stuff, then you'll have a blast. If you channel your creativity through problem-solving, then boredom will settle in quickly.If you're anything like me, then you will find that there's no point in moving away from the ""grid"" city-design. Every block is a square, crossroads are crosses, because that's the more efficient choice. So if you're a problem solver, all your cities will look the same.That may sound stupid to Americans, but here in old Europe, cities have grown organically over the course of millenias: cars are barely allowed in medieval city centers, which have tons of pedestrians-only walkways; low-rent flats are usually in the cities' outskirts; then, further away, the big business center with highrises, accessible by road or public transportation, built in a very windy spot or on an old marsh, because that's the only spot where our ancestors didn't build anything...I dream of the day a city-builder will have us build a city through the ages. Imagine the challenges! Your 1200 AD city needs wall for defense, but cannons will soon render this useless and you'll be left with crumbling walls dividing your city between center and outskirts. Industrial revolution comes around and now you need housing for workers, railroads for supply: means you have to burn down some of those outskirts houses and decide what to do with their poor inhabitants... Enters XXth cenury, in order allow cars into the city you need larger avenues, so then again you need more space! Residents won't be happy... Then, fast-forward 2010, there is so much traffic that you need to reshape everything around cycling and public transportation...You could choose to start in the New World around 1600 AD, where challenges are entirely different...If you built your city originally on a marsh, or trapped between mountains, or in windy plains, then you would have different challenges and opportunities, renewed every new era.Now, THAT would keep me playing till 4am. Cities: Skylines? Sadly, no."
,Recommended,255710,15052182,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Grashok,SimCity 2.0 for the half price (Workshop incl.)
,Recommended,255710,25445635,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,PizzλPie ツ,"Whenever im depressed or sad or any kinds of negativity in my head, I play this game, and it makes me smile again :-)"
,Recommended,255710,14874703,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Stubbs,Placed a damThe dam redirected most of the polluted sewer waterPolluted sewer water reached my drinking water pumpsA deadly disease spread through the cityThe hospitals couldn't handle all the patients3000+ casualties+-1000 citizens managed to evacuateGame over10/10 would accidentally pollute the water pumps again
,Recommended,255710,14894319,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Dypo,"For me, a teenager who does no chores and has no source of income besides holidays and birthdays, $30 is a lot of money. It took me some convincing before I would buy a game worth that much. After I've watched/read various reviews of the game, which were all positive, I finally decided that I'd buy the game, and I'm happy with the decision. As of posting this review I only have about 2 hours played, but I can tell already that I'm going to love this game and probably play many more hours. There are so many features in this game, from big things like creating individual districts that have their own policies, to small things like renaming the residents of your city.The only visible flaw of this game to me, is the game's font. It's so small on my screen that it is almost unreadable. This problem is being experienced by many other players of the game aswell. As of now, that is my only problem with the game and I hope that it'll be fixed soon.I definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes the City Builder genre. This game is the game that Sim City 2013 should have been."
76561197996207015,Recommended,255710,28922308,Posted: 1 January,all,Pickle Rick,"I built a large and prosperous city by the beach, every citizen had an ideal job and a loving family; until that one fateful day... The river I was dumping sewage into overflowed and leaked into the sea, eventually causing a tidal wave of poo-water to engulf a large portion of my city. The perfect life that my people had once lived was now but a memory, a memory they would think back to as they drowned in their own feces.10/10 would poo again."
76561198059013692,Recommended,255710,30974451,Posted: 6 April,all,Suzy Suziko,"Absoultely wonderful game!  I have played over 850 hours.  This is what SimCity 5 should have been.  This game was obviously made by people who love city building and played previous city simulatons.  Everything works right.  Slow initial city loading time but from there all is smooth.   Many ways to play.  Lay out a design for a big city or small town are the fine as they are, or soon grown and eventually join.   Lots to learn to be more efficient.  Can be played casual or challenging. As with real cities traffic congestion and polution soon become a growing problem.  Lots of in game items that are solutions...  But it is very satifying to figure out your own unique designs and solutions.   A big active community of support is another good feature of this game.   I had all my friends by this game they all liked it or loved it as I do.   I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,255710,15095515,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,WTWR Zydrate,"I find it difficult to 'review' Sim games because the tend to be more like toys than actual games.Alongside that, I've never really been that good at them. I have some tenure with three different SimCity games and it usually amounts to moneyflow being non-existent, and I just get frustrated and nuke the town with UFO's, Tornadoes, and Volcanoes. It was great fun for when I was younger, but now at my age I demand something more satisfying.Cities: Skylines delivers. With a modicum of patience, starting relatively small, I am actually capable of creating a city that functions.Granted I have a few issues, usually with traffic and land value. (My games I can’t usually afford to throw decent parks on every corner to make everyone happy). Regardless, my values tend to be over 70% in most cases and I call that a victory for my usual tenure in City-Sim games.That's not to say how much FUN I'm having with the game. There's just something so satisfying about seeing all those plots of zoning evolve into buildings, and in turn watching those buildings evolve on their own as they get better educated, higher land values, and more customers. I want to see them succeed because I want to see what they look like next!The workshop helps in this endeavor. One of my earlier complaints was that, after a few hours, building after building looked a bit same-y. The workshop introduces entire collections of buildings and downloading a few helps with variety and it's lovely to see.Using mods locks the ability to earn achievements. Practical, due to the infinite money mod available in the base game. However it's annoying in practice since I am treating this game like a sandbox and a toy, so I activate a few mods and then just let the fun fly.Thankfully the fun factor outweighs my need for achievements.Ultimately, it's one of the first Sim games I've been able to succeed at. It's taking me away from some of my other duties on MMO's and the like, and considering playing one MMO is like having a part time job in its own right, this is quite the accomplishment for a quaint 30$ game."
,Recommended,255710,14825505,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Jackie,One of the happiest most relaxing game i've ever played. (Also a huge F*CK YOU in EA's face.)
,Recommended,255710,14831778,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Ruan,"This is an outstanding game. This is an exceptionally outstanding citybuilder game, in a genre that for too long, has been deeply troubled with over-casualization, poor optimization, ill-thought out concepts, microtransactions, and general publisher shenangans.Highs:* Excellent Performance. I find that my city runs extremely well on my laptop even as it grows. I have not really noticed any dips in performance. The game seamlessly transitions between following an entity, and zooming out to broadly appreciate my traffic network.* Intuitive game mechanics. I was able to jump straight in and make assumptions about mechanics that made sense, and those were reflected in the game. As an example, I assumed people would use a variety of methods to get to work (hop on the metro, then take a bus), When I tracked people, they would do this.* Full Simulation. Things just make sense, you build a dam - the water level raises. People go to the store. People go to work. The water gets dirty from pollution. I get a sense that the city is a living and breathing entity - it gives me context to the experience.* Free, Focused Construction. You place roads and zones freely, focused around the placement of the roads. The zones are indelibly linked to this. It was a great design decision and simplifies the more annoying aspects of construction. It also makes the transport very obvious as one of the key aspects of the game.Lows:* The listed city population seems much lower than it should be. My city looks like it should be about 100,000 people, but the listed population is only 30,000.* Not enough snapping options. This makes it really hard to make your own cloverleaf in highways if you are particulary OCD about this kind of thing, it's almost impossible to make angles of a similar basis repeatedly.* The Metro + Bus placement lacks feedback and is difficult to expand once done. I feel that you are really fairly blindly approaching this, at least at the start. Over time I might grow to understand this more. Also the numbers don't often line up well. My metro station might say ""100 per week"" but in the overall transport graph only 20 people are said to be using the metro.Verdict:If you like citybuilders, buy this game. Not since SimCity 4 Rush Hour have I enjoyed an experience this much. I find it hard to suggest major ways to improve the concept. I strongly dislike casual approaches to the genre, and this is not one of those. Yet I also think it makes the genre more accessible."
,Recommended,255710,14885330,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Steck,So good that Maxis employees resigned just to play this game.
76561198034667279,Recommended,255710,26322718,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,toohottie,This is what you get when you a long time Sim City fan can compile a team of capable programmers to create a city simulation you would expect in 2016. Plus the mod community really keeps the game fresh.
76561197996456253,Recommended,255710,15253256,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Deustodo,"This is basically the Simcity 5 you always wanted,"
,Recommended,255710,14891256,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ceej12,"If you're reading this, I'm glad you take the time to read reviews before you buy a game. But I can assure you, you can stop reading reviews for this game and buy it right now (or as soon as you can). Simply put, this is the best city-builder released for more than 12 years, since SimCity 4. Half the price as SimCity 2013 but with many more features, this game is easily worth the $30 price tag. Perhaps even buy the deluxe edition for the extra $10; the developers deserve it (the game was made by a team of about ten people).So stop reading this review and buy the game.For those still unsure about their purchase of this game, I'll now list some of my favorite parts, many of which SimCity 2013 and other city-builders lacked.1.) One-way-roads and roundabouts2.) Water physics: water pumps, sewage drains, treatment plants, and dams influence water levels3.) Parked cars. Doesn't seem like this should be a new feature in city-builders, but it is. Cars park on the side of the road and in parking spots.4.) Districts and policies: paint districts on certain parts of your city to keep track of things better and issue local policies.5.) Mods galore. The workshop is filled with various mods and the game has an asset and map editor built in.Hopefully that small list of a few of my favorite things has convinced you to buy the game. Cities: Skylines will undoubtedly reshape the city-building genre, and will continue to do so for years to come, as the devs have promised extended support to as much as ten years.UPDATED Sept 24th, 2015:For the DLC haters out there, this game will have plenty of DLC during it's long run. However, they'll be cheap (the one just released, After Dark, is only15 USD) and add actually new things that matter. Releasing along side every DLC is a patch that adds plenty of new features for people who don't buy the DLC (in the case of After Dark, non-DLC people will still get the day-night cycle among other things for free)."
,Recommended,255710,14925859,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,AlwaysSunnyLLC,"Cities XXL and Sim City 2013 made a baby= Cities Skyline, and then the baby killed their parents. Thats this game."
76561198178597537,Recommended,255710,31693841,Posted: 11 May,all,ImpulseSpecifix,21 Hours played.1625 mods.send help*EDIT* I installed some 500-600 more mods and all my Cities: Skylines files got corrupted.About time.*EDIT#2* Over 100 responses! Thank you!
,Recommended,255710,15026817,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,NotHonkyTonk,Like Sim City but not made by EA.
,Recommended,255710,30843257,Posted: 30 March,all,DreeseDatalink,2000 hours played and still love it
,Recommended,255710,15186204,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Rekkakalevi,"I've always liked city builders and this is a god sent after the latest disapointment in certain other series.Graphically it's easy on the eyes but nothing mind blowing. Warm colors.Game is easy to start and if you don't mess up completely in the beginning getting your city up and running shouldn't be an issue. Has hard mode where things are more expensive and you can also start with unlimited money if you just want to build.Big area where you can spread out your fledgling little town and thanks to mod support you can have even more space where to build.You can also make your own assets or download ready ones from Workshop and plenty of different mods are available too. From traffic management to automatically bulldozing abandoned and burned buildings.Dealing with the traffic can be a pain in the posterior sometimes in this game and you should be prepared to deal with it. Enough jams and nothing works. Fire engines get stuck in traffic and fires start burning your place down.There is no disaster system in game currently if that's something you miss and need from Sim City titles.Game runs okay, with larger cities it might start slowing down a bit. Every citizen is simulated where they are coming and going and it takes it toll when you have large enough population.If you're planning on unlocking all the buildable area with mods and your computer isn't quite up to date it's something to keep in mind.There are occasional bugs here and there like ships roaming the country side if you do certain things and traffic not using all the available lanes on a road.Doesn't have always online requirement but you can't build multiple cities and have them work together either."
,Recommended,255710,33884531,Posted: 29 July,all,Charles,"PROSGreat graphicsPlenty of detail in the small things (names for individual businesses, and families)Huge variety in buildings, cars etcMany different maps to choose fromSteam Workshop built in to download or upload creations including mods that allow you to get things such as infinite money.Amazing and detailed systems for energy, roads and transport.Very relaxing and calm with nice music (unless you have the Natural Disasters DLC)CONSDoesn't run well the bigger your city gets with dips down to the 30s and 40s depending on how close or far you are.Expensive DLC that all together costs more than the regular game - and some should have been things that were already in the game from the startOverall, I absolutely recommend this game since it is the best city builder I've ever played and probably the best one that will ever exist. The price is worth it and it is discounted often so it's no big deal if you miss a discount. Its approach to city building and all of the fine details that go with it is impressive and definitely worth having a look at."
,Recommended,255710,15663963,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,otis from the barn show,people complained about garbage so i replaced their homes with dumps10/10
,Recommended,255710,28110984,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Reverend,"Fun game.  About the best city builder on the market near as I can tell.  That said, the DLCs are cancerous as they usually tend to be.  Day/night cycle, Snow, and natural disasters should not be $15 bucks each to have in the game.If they came with some huge new features, I'd get it.  But a lot of it is patched in for free, so I'm not sure exactly what they expect me to pay for?  A snow map?  For $15?I dunno guys.  I do love the game, but you need to add more than superficial features to ask $15 USD."
76561198321445295,Recommended,255710,26005574,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Trapper,"For anyone looking for countless hours of fun, this is your game. Cities: Skylines provides countless hours of fun, but challenging, hours of game play. In cities: Skylines, you get to basically manage your own city. To sum it up, Cities: Skylines is the best city manager simulation I know. Here are some pros and cons of the game.PROS:-Beautiful Graphics-Good concept-Has amazing workshop Mods-Thrill of being able to tax other people (my favorite!)-Easy to learn about-Provides a challenge (in some ways)-Great for players looking for something to do-The new Natural Disasters are amazing-The new DLC Natural disasters lets you bust criminals from a helicopterThese are just some of the pros this game providesCONSEvery game has a downside to it. Here are a few you might want to think about before buying-Some of the in-game challenges such as death care and traffic can be hard to solve, but can be resolved with experience and (LOTS) of patience-Id say a good computer is needed to play this game without lag. This game is playable with lag, but will slightly impact your enjoyment of the game.Overall, Cities: Skylines is a great game. I've been playing this for a while now, and I believe I will continue to do. I look forward to the next update and recommend for players to buy this game."
,Recommended,255710,14836338,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Celador,"This is pretty much much improved/fixed version of the latest SimCity, with some pros and cons of its own:Pros:- Maps are much bigger. Each starting city part is already bigger than tiny SimCity maps and you can buy adjacent lands to make it x9 times bigger still.- Smarter traffic controls. Though there are some issues with cars disappearing or turning in the middle of the road or going through each other - at least routing works. You don't have to wait hours for an ambulance or fire truck to reach its point, garbage gets collected, resources get sold.- Paint and fill tools for zoning (finally!).- Road connections can be edited. You are not restricted to just one entry point.- Pipes and power lines are back.- Can move buildings to another spot for a fee.- Fluid mechanics when placing an electric dam.- Overall better UI, city info panels and responsiveness (no fudged data like in SimCity - the number of workers and residents adds up).Cons:- Plopping/building snapping. Unfortunately they added the same damn thing as in SimCity and restricted placing buildings only near roads. This results in a lot of wasted space between road connections and in small spaces. It cannot be switched off either.- No tutorial whatsoever and the hint system doesn't cover everything. Took me a while to realize that my elderly population doesn't work and i have to constantly build new houses like in Banished.- No landscaping tools.- Not enough parks. Most of them are huge so there is really no way to make beautiful city centres unless you are building in squares.- Weather and time of day do not change.- Zoning and placing roads is often a chore since they rarely snap at proper angles... again unless you build in squares.- Annoying sounds and twitteresque replacement of the ""news ticker"" from SimCity.- Biased approach to power plants - they are basically forcing you to be eco friendly since wind turbines are cheaper and more efficient than everything else. This is very unrealistic and unfair in my opinion.- Can't view overlays and build at the same time. Huge oversight since you need to know where to zone industrial for ore and farm placement.- All of the public transportation lines look the same, got same colour (all of the bus lines are the same colour and all of the metro lines too) and are generally hard to create and distinguish.- Lack of building upgrades. This probably was the only good idea from SimCity that should've been copied here.Overall there are quite a few annoyances and issues at the moment but all of them are compensated by the fact that this game is actually fun and doesn't feel like a couped up  tiny sandbox like SimCity.Its definitely better than CitiesXL as well, since it performs and runs smoother, uses more than 1 core, does not appear to have memory leaks and feels generally better made. The only issue i've encountered so far is some sound stuttering.So i can recommend this if you like city building games and were disappointed by every other game in the last few years."
76561197992206547,Recommended,255710,14884187,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,B00tsy,"85/100This new city sim has taken all of the good things from previous sims and builded upon it to create a solid and polished experience with new added features such as a nice water simulation including fluid physics. The sim is a bit on the easy side and for my taste it could have had more micromanagement to keep you busy and challenged, but what is there in the game is all very well done and it offers very enjoyable gameplay. On top of that the performance (unlike other sims) stays excellent even if you have a massive running city."
,Recommended,255710,15033900,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Percy,"People for the love of Chirpy do NOT buy this game!!! Seriously, this game is a danger to your health and well being!!It's so damn addictive you will forget about your wife, your kids, your friends, your parents, your hunger, your thirst, yourself! It is a tool of Evil to turn people away from society!!!But as a victim of this heynous horrible horrendous tool of evil, I can only say: 10/10 would get addicted again!PS: also good if you wanna work in the mayor's office for city planning!PSS: no seriously, buy this game, you will not regret it and the modding community is like on steroids right now >.<."
,Recommended,255710,15005777,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Murk,"If you zoom in, you can see traffic lights change.10/10"
,Recommended,255710,14863006,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,MonsterTM,"Easy to learn, easy to master. If you though Sim City was disapointing, and wished it was better, this would be the game they would make. It has so much replay value, and thanks to user created content. It can extent the life of this game for ever. There will most likely be DLC's to come out with it.9/10eNjoy =^-^="
76561198158458108,Recommended,255710,31841574,Posted: 19 May,all,Banshee926,"Having spent 200+ hours in the game, I can honestly say Cities Skylines is, overall, a really awesome game. There is a learning curve, when you start playing it takes some serious time getting to know how everything works. You will build cities that will seem amazing in the beginning, but will soon turn out to be utter disasters when it comes to traffic and such. After some time, though, you will get better and better at building cities, and this is when the real fun starts.The only really negative thing I have to say about Cities Skylines, is that the DLC's are seriously overpriced. Don't buy them unless they are on a discount. For real.. Don't.."
,Recommended,255710,31140352,Posted: 14 April,all,Alice Cooper,"I spent a couple hours building a thriving community with a large residential estate and one boulevard of shops.Eventually I decided to make the place look nice, so I added a river - but I didn't bother putting protective walls up.The river banks filled up and overflowed straight onto the housing estate and down onto the shops until it carried on down to the sea again.The flood lasted for weeks and I couldn't do anything because you cant build on water, so I just watched and admired the beautiful chaos unfold.10/10 would flood again."
76561198005132270,Recommended,255710,26235775,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Ivan 'Bauson' Romanov,"Better  than Simcity by 1,000,000 times"
,Recommended,255710,34320060,Posted: 17 August,all,jonann,"I was a big fan of simcity series. But C:S is different and have many new features that you dont find in any other sim building games. C:S simulate almost all aspect in game. Almost looks like a real life. However this game need a learning curve before you can design a good and efficient city.Pros :- Have many features that are not in other city building games.- Have route info, so you can track and see where your cim are going. You can even see they walk from home to the shopping area.- Mass transit system is cool.- Support moddingCons :- High DLC prices (need to wait until sales maybe)."
76561197961372576,Recommended,255710,25286327,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Delor,"Cities: Skylines feels like a proper successor to the classic SimCity games.  If you grew up on classics like SimCity, SimCity 2000, and SimCity 4, you'll probably feel at home here.For those not familiar, in this genre you build a city by zoning out commecial, residential, and industrial areas as well as the necessary infrastructure (roads, water, power) and an increasing number of other public goods such as police protection, fire protection, education, etc.  You set tax rates which impact the economy, and try to stay in the black and allow your city to continue to grow.  It's an addictive experience of constant expansion, with another thing you want to build or problem you want to fix always on the horizon and keeping the real-time game version of ""one more turn"" on your lips.As with most of these games, one of the things you'll spend the most time on besides simply laying out more roads and then laying down zones and support buildings is traffic management, and at this Skylines shines.  The road construction system offers you a wide variety of to configure your roads with different sizes, one-way-vs-two-way, overpasses, etc, and the traffic flow responds to what you build in sensible and complicated ways.  It's a compelling component of the game that can consume hours of your life.  Additional options such as foot paths, bus routes, trains, and subways can also lighten the car traffic in your city.Skylines also features an intersting ""neighborhood"" system where you can subdivide your city into different sections and set different city ordinances or economic focuses for each one.  While I don't feel that the mechanics of this have as much impact as I might like, just being able to district your city into distinct neighborhoods with their own names helps bring your city into focus and give it more character and specificity.(the Nightlife expansion also adds to this system, but most of my playtime was done before that came out so I'm not reviewing the expansion content, here)Things I don't lke about the game?Primarily, it feels too easy.  Even from the start I virtually never drifted into the red, although I would occasionally stall out and need to make some tweaks to keep growing.  This seems like it'd be something that is mod-able, but better difficulty options for veterans of the genre who want a challenge would be nice.Additionally, as your city develops it seems that older industrial neighborhoods will occassionally suffer mass unemployment for no apparent reason.  The economic specializations you can assign to neighborhoods, in particular, suffer from this doubly and feel like a very short road to a dead end.The industrial collapse itself is a good thing- an interesting challenge to tackle in a game that generally lets you just keep expanding with ease- but the feedback as to why it happens is poor.  For example, faced with the situation I'd frequently click on the buildings and see that they had no workers.  Thinking that I'd simply educated my populace out of wanting those jobs, I'd try building a school-free slum neighborhood nearby to see if that brought the businesses back, but the businesses remained without workers for no apparent reason.Also, the in-game twitter-alike is inane and way too chatty, but this is a minor quibble.Other than these complaints, I could list a score of minor to moderate UI annoyances- the inevitable consequence of playing a bunch of a game- but the only one that really sits heavily in my mind is the dread I'd feel whenever I made significant changes to my subway system.  It's not always clear what happens to existing routes when you make changes and getting a big-picture view of what all of your current routes look like in aggregate can be difficult; a cleaner and color-coded subway route map view would be nice.All in all, I'd heartily recommend Cities: Skylines as an enjoyable sandbox that can easily consume dozens of hours of your life."
76561198018455033,Not Recommended,255710,32031251,Posted: 28 May,all,Gallylolz,"Don't get me wrong, the game is awesome, but the DLC's prices are a joke. I thought Mass Transit was a patch but no, 13 EUR DLC... I do recommend the game as a City buiding game, it's great. But if you add all the DLC, after dark, snowball, mass transit, it' quite expensive, for stuff that should be in the game in the first place..."
,Recommended,255710,25283018,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,B0RA,"Beautiful GameCities skylines,it is the best city builder game now i think.I think ıf you look how many hours ı have  played this game you will understand this game is awesome.On Cities:Skylines you choose a map to build your city then you create your own city.You can build the city in your dreams.You can build a canals city,mountain city,European City,Mediterrenian City,Tropical City,Asian City,American City,Soviet City...And ı think the game is better with mods.for example with mods you can just allow construction of baroque buildings or classic American houses,Soviet houses... but you need to download that district styles.You can download thousands of mods but if you download too much mods you need to wait more at downloading screen.for example ı have near 900 mods and ı wait near 5 minutes at first then ı wait near 10-15 minutes when ı'm loading my city.And you can download lots of famous landmarks,buildings...you can download lots of useful buildings,props,shops,bars,train and metro stations,cars,city halls,statues,Mosques,Churcs,Synagouges,parks,roads,tree,hotels...My advices for new update,DLC or next Cities game:-It would be great if peoples will be satsified when there is lots of trees at their neigborhood.-It would be great if peoples need a place to pray to the God.like Mosques,Churcs,Synagougs.(You can download that buildings but they're like landmark.)-Bicycle roads would be great."
76561198039378403,Recommended,255710,22783234,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,PhobiaDHS,"This won't be a long review. I will say this. If you like city building games and responsive studios, this is the game for you. There are freebees still being added to the game to this day. Little things that you would normally have to purchase in a DLC are given to us. Support from the studio is amazing. The gameplay is amazing. The ability to mod is amazing. The workshop content is amazing.If I had one complaint, it would lane management for traffic. This has been worked on though and is already better than it was just a couple months ago. With that being said, traffic stops being as much of an issue once you understand the mass transit options within the game.Buy the game. It is worth every penny."
,Recommended,255710,15004570,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Flex Thunderstache,I watched a hearse pick up a body from the kids playground. 10/10
76561198208832921,Recommended,255710,29395574,Posted: 21 January,all,Citizen One (Away),- Accidently make a natural flood while forming a terrain.- Make a harbour city (overwhelmed by these shipments).- Watch a hotdog van travelling around like about 12 km in the city.- Make a your own park with trees and paths.- Use this for Desktop background.- I never have a criminal level more than 5%.Good FPS and it has a workshop.9.3/10 gonna relaxed by this.
76561198008232892,Recommended,255710,14845171,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Sinister,"This isn't the city building game we needed, but the one we deserved.10/10"
,Recommended,255710,30382991,Posted: 7 March,all,Saif Osman,Absolutely addictive... it only gets worse after you create your first city and want the next one to be more perfect
76561198019073159,Recommended,255710,14846540,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Holy Apple,"When writing this I have about 13h of playtime and the ""endgame"" is yet to be experienced, but so far I lack the words to describe the amount of joy this has given me. I always been a big fan och city builders and was a little worried that this one would not live up to my expectations, like some other games in the genre....But boy this one delivers more then I could ever hope for, it's only been out for a few days and it feels extremely well polished and the amount of effort put into the small details is amazing. Probably a quarter of the time I spent in my cities have been just enjoying how it looks and following the citizens around doing what they do. The agent system the citizens are based around works quite good and basically everything can be renamed, from people to buildings.It is also possible to zone different regions in the city and give them individual focuses and different policies wich is an amazing feature that does alot for the immersion, and I would imagine could be awesome for those that likes to recreate irl cities.The tools the game has available for creating roads is really solid to, personally I love to create spaghetti junctions and overly complicated networks that barely work and then try to fix them up. The traffic simulator is working and it feels like it responds to changes in the network quite well. Public transport for the game I have mixed feelings about, you have to manually create lines for busses, trains etc using a similar but less complicated system from Cities in Motion. This has the potential to be something really good but at the same a tedious task, and it makes me wish there were more tools to track groups of citizens travelling paths.I haven't played around with mods and custom assets yet but the built in features seems to be really good and the steam workshop integration allows easy access to other peoples creations, some amazing mods for this is bound to happen.I could write alot more about this but I don't have time... I want to get back to play it again!"
,Recommended,255710,14824963,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Big Kahuna=VX9=,"Spend 2 hours building a city.Run out of money.Accidently delete a section of power line.No money to rebuild.Whole city loses power.Reject buyout.Everyone moves out...MFW pop changes from 20,000 people to 0 in a few seconds, and there is nothing I can do...11/10"
,Recommended,255710,15961299,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,gloknine,"An itch that needed to be scratched. A game company focused on making a game. It feels like the nineties, in a good way."
,Recommended,255710,29686532,Posted: 3 February,all,Desolater IV,"A City Builder / Management Strategy Gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pweCVggk1DU+ Extremely addicting gameplay.  Honestly, this is the type of game you can play all day without getting bored as build a vibrant city.+ Easy to learn with very intuitive menues, and features that slowly unlock as your city builds. There really isn't need for any tutorials, you will learn as you play.+ Visually the game looks gorgeous, and it is a delight to go into camera-mode and just watch as your city thrives. You can even see your people as they go about their daily tasks. What is most surprising is the variety of buildings / houses / stores that are built, and they all look great.+ Day / Night Cycle and Weather to add a further sense of emersion.+ Challenging, you have a budget which you have to constantly keep an eye on. Every so often you will have growing pains, where you may suddenly run out of power or water, or perhaps a building will catch on fire, or perhaps the crime rate goes up or you run out of garbage trucks, or maybe a giant traffic jam. You have to be ready to deal with all these issues and more while trying to manage a steady tax rate and keep people from getting unhappy and moving out.+ You can buy addional plots of land and build multiple HUGE thriving cities+ Steam Workshop with a bunch of new buildings and scenerios- The biggest disappointment for me is the lack of pre-build scenerios or ""challenge levels / missions"". The main goal seems to be to just grow as large you possibly can, and then start over.- The road system could be improved a bit. It's a bit difficult to make neat and uniform roads with proper exits. On top of this, building various road types and highways is VERY expensive making it difficult to improve areas with dense congested traffic.Side Note: If you were wondering, Yes this game is far greater than Sim City"
,Recommended,255710,15417971,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Daniel@BlueBottleGames,"This is pretty much all I wanted in a city sim since I put down Sim City 4.I'm a bit of a dinosaur in that I still prefer the isometric pixel art of yore, and Cities: Skylines has a more ""clean/cartoon"" art style than I'd like. But apart from that, it pretty much gets everything right. The UI is easy, functional, and still manages to be deep. Systems seem both complex and accessible.I've enjoyed it for hours out of the box, I'm looking forward to player mods, and the future expansions and add-ons. I think this one's a long-term keeper!"
76561197999283271,Recommended,255710,14859086,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,dedosfat,Is it perfect? No. Is it the best city builder in more than a decade? Yes.
76561198060160170,Recommended,255710,24288116,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Raw Beef,"EDIT: Released new ""Disasters"" DLCs on 11/30/16. I still recommend the game but there currently are a bunch of game-breaking bugs. So hold off purchasing the game for maybe a week or two.EDIT 2: 1/2/17 - Most of the recent game-breaking bugs have been squashed, I re-recommend C:S. Happy 2017!As of 7/12/16 and with 103 hours of playtime, I think I can make a solid review about this game. Long story short, I bought this because the new Sim City was trash, but I was not ready for this game to exceed my expectations.Now for a short review: (SKIP TOWARDS ""I'M TOO LAZY"" IF YOU ARE TOO LAZY TO READ THE FULL REVIEW)Cities: Skylines is a phenomenal city building game, perhaps even better than any of the Sim City games. It is a sandbox game that has an unlimited replay value and will devour hours of your days.  Its laid-back graphic style, realistic audio effects, and relaxing music provide a calm and entertaining game time.  The game unrestrically allows you to build at your own pace while providing a fun challenging experience.While the game is a little tough on beginners (it has very few basic tutorials) it still seems easy to get a hang of. With time, and the Steam community guides, you will become a master of this game and having done so without much frustration, a simple learning curve.Between all of the user created mods, bountiful amount of vanilla game content, and developers amazing DLC, you will undoubtedly enjoy every game session and you will never find the game repetitive.I, without any hesitation, fully recommend Cities: Skylines to anyone interested in purchasing this. Even if you are new to the city building genre, you will appreciate every cent you paid for this game because of what it has to offer.I'M TOO LAZYPros:- Limitless replayability- Abundant game content (including free mods and game DLC)- Steam workshop support- Challenging but funCons:- Larger cities can reduce framerates, even on beefy computers- Difficult for new players (lacks necessary tutorials)- OST unintersting (unlike Sim City 4) and the DLC radio music isn't very goodI'm sure I will have missed some things (both good and bad) worth mentioning so feel free to comment on this review or ask questions in the discussions. The Cities: Skylines community is welcoming and we all help each other.Also, if this review influenced you to buy the game, please comment. I would like to see how many people I helped.Sincerely,BOT Harvey"
,Recommended,255710,14876670,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,BitInn,"This is a great game.And this is a review in progress.---- 5 hours mark ----My main reasons for recommendation are:1. It's built upon existing knowledge from SimCity series: developer (Colossal Order) takes account of both success and failure of SimCity.2. One can see what future improvement to this game entails: good modding support gives developer better insight into what players want.3. A new era for city-building game. Cities Skylines isn't perfect (eg. rough UI, lack of goals, confusing public transport, rudimentary map editor, missing your favorite type of roads, etc etc), but it shows us what's achievable, with SimCity series back on hiatus, Cities Skylines is the new standard.The future for Cities Skylines is bright, will add more comments as I play."
,Recommended,255710,23500207,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ахзурс,"The good:- Ridiculously large amount of workshop content, adding more things to build, ways to customize and other things- Great building mechanics- Simple to use yet very useful UI- Enormous world size - several times that of any other games- Huge amount of things to customize and ways to customize them- Regular updates and plenty of support- Great amount of ways to affect the city without building, eg. managing economy (it's essential and mildly complex but easy to work with when you get used to it)- Good graphics (or, better than most games of the same type)Negatives:- If you build a big city, you're going to have difficulty with FPS as the traffic and people will butcher your PC (however powerful!) That said, as long as you don't zoom too far into the rodas, you can maintain a steady FPS with most mid-range PC's.Absolutely recommend this game as the best City Builder ever made."
,Recommended,255710,14892957,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,TheBug8,"Best Cities Simulator. 10/10. Move out of the way EA, Paradox  Interactive is here."
76561198375262093,Recommended,255710,31869137,Posted: 20 May,all,Michael,Finaly a true successor to SimCity4.
76561198007278822,Recommended,255710,25163195,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,BlueDOT,"Great game, better then SimCity."
76561198060694214,Not Recommended,255710,32089412,Posted: 31 May,all,Metal Undivided,"In a nutshell: the company that publishes the game (Paradox) is getting painfuly close to EA/Ubisoft in how they run their business, if not even worse.Their DLC approach is absolutely atrocious. EU4/CK2 have each got a couple dozen DLCs over the years with a combined price of soon-to-hit-300$, expect this game to drown in a dozen (quite possibly incompatible with each other) DLCs as well.Besides that, Paradox has increased (up to 100% increase in some regions) prices in many regions without any announcement beforehand, right before the Steam Summer Sale 2017.If you're willing to throw some of your money away and are willing to indulge Paradox in their cupidity, go ahead. Otherwise, steer very well clear of any of their products, especially their Gra*DLC MISSING*egies."
,Recommended,255710,18934339,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Gaimin' Slave,"This game is what I wanted. This game is what I needed. This game is what SimCity should have been, it is a perfect sequel to SimCity; it's what all of us weirdos that love citybuilders have been begging for. This game is like cocaine, it is a drug to me now...I can't stop playing this game.This game takes city builders, then somehow manages to add a whole layer of depth beyond what I thought was possible. The extra policies, districts, industrial zone types, and various other features come together so perfectly, I honestly am in constant shock how everything ebbs and flows so well in an orchestra of harmony. This game is completely bug free (so far), has the production value of a AAA studio, beautiful music, pretty graphics, mod support, extremely well optimized, and water physics (for awesome some reason).I have not played a game I thoroughly enjoyed in probably 2 years; until this game came along. I am so happy I finally have a game I can enjoy once again. Thank you Paradox, thank you.Seriously, if you love citybuilders or strategy games, GET THIS."
76561198056405888,Recommended,255710,14824169,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Job™,"Like Sim City 5, exept its not rubbish."
76561198246234164,Recommended,255710,31611592,Posted: 7 May,all,IL PALLINO,"Overview:Every fan of management simulation games will obsess over Cities: Skylines while anyone who would enjoy the challenge of growing a city will have a great time with this game if they can tolerate the repetetive nature that hardcore management simulation fans thrive under.You grow the city, get more types of services and problems to confront, spend money where needed, and hope that your city can reach the next classification of city type, which grants more money, unlocks new buildings, and that takes you back to square one.  This style of gameplay sometimes gets too repetetive even for my aspie mindset of repetition, but playing this game in short bursts helps me tackle city problems and prevents me from staring at the screen with a blank expression wondering about what to do next while I wonder about how to use what little money I have to expand with while I'm unable to secure any more financing, and see money trickle into my account. (And sometimes watch money run out, depending on which way my luck cuts.)Graphics and sound:It's obvious from the get-go that this sort of game is graphics intensive, and Cities: Skylines is excellent in the graphics department.  You can easily see things like rain and fog, and see them all either up close, far away, and in full 3D.  But for better or worse, fog is mostly visible from far away, and not from up close.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=918347573The animation and graphics for pollution is absolutely perfect.  You can not only see the dirty, filthy, stinking haze close up, but you can also see it from far away on buildings that pollute.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=918355011The only real complaint about graphics, is that industries involved in oil drilling do not build oil derricks on top of their zones.It actually took me a long time to turn on the sound, and I only did so for the sake of writing a review.  There's nothing awe-inspiring or game-breaking about the game's sounds, but I really disliked the music.  The music was totally out of place, especially for viewing densely populated areas and streets with densely packed traffic.  Your best bet is to just move the main volume slider to 0%, and play music that's to your liking.  Of course, you are free to mute the music volume should you want to hear the game and also listen to your own music.Positives:This game is so awesome, I cannot include everything I like about Cities: Skylines.  (I tried, but my original review would not fit when I tried to copy and paste!) Cities:Skylines takes features from past city management sims, and takes them to a whole new level without feeling outright like a copycat game.  I will say that Cities: Skylines has everything I enjoy about city management games dating back to 1990 and the added ability to rename buildings of every kind, create districts, and rename these districts to anything one wishes.Negatives:While I do love Cities: Skylines, I am bothered by some of the game's flaws, and there's enough flaws, I'm unable to bury the reader in as many paragraphs as I wanted, but I made the mistake of including things that I wish were features, or what I thought should be done differently.  With a city of close to 36,000 people, the only complaints I have room to mention, is that collection of trash and dead bodies is deeply flawed.  It doesn't matter if one has enough landfill or incenerator capacity or space in cemetaries and creamatories, the larger your city becomes, the more likely you can expect to see icons over buildings indicating filthy, stinking garbage and rotting corpses desperately in need of disposal, and the game does nothing to prioritize collection.A game as complex as Cities: Skylines certainly requires a tutorial, but none is included in game.  Certainly the most seasoned of us need an interactive lesson in the fundamentals.The act of forbidding tractor trailers from operating on roads via city ordinance seems like a good idea at first, it really bothers me that banning tractor trailers on specific streets (and sometimes stretches of streets) requires making micro-districts dedicated solely to vehicle bans.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=916928296Conclusion:Cities: Skylines has the city management game genre cornered.  No other city management sim competes. Buy this game.  Buy it at any price. If you can wait for a sale, that's cool, too.  If you like the idea of giving cities a unique feel, you have the ability to rename many of the things you see on see in your city.  And when you do buy this game, you should check out the DLC available for Cities: Skylines.  Some of them are really cool, but others look like awful moneygrabs that you would think only Electronic Arts would inflict upon the gaming world.  You should especially check out tutorials for this game before you start playing it, because if you don't, you can expect quite a bit of trial and error in the building of your city, and that could end up costing you lots of money.  Especially make sure you read the manual, unless you want to look at the forums (or ask questions that were long since asked) about how to build elevated roads.The game, however, is still plenty of good fun without any DLC's or custom content, so you can expect lots of fun times playing Cities: Skylines.  Just be sure to let your friends and family know they'll never hear from you again, and be prepared to stay up all night."
,Recommended,255710,23183670,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,ManfreD,"Bought it, very good game.After time I got addicted.Installed hundreds of mods.Was fun.Now it takes 30 minutes to load in a save.10/10 would mod again.No, but in all seriousness it's an amazing game. Check it out for yourself!"
,Recommended,255710,28933647,Posted: 2 January,all,[NWA] Grillz,"My city has 75,000 citizens in it. I have a highway that runs cuts the city in half and a highway to take you from the north part of town to the south district. 6 lanes, drivers only use one causes months of traffic jams10/10 Best traffic simulator ever"
76561198016359317,Recommended,255710,24069918,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mister,"So I say to myself, why write a review, when I can fake quotes from other people?""Game is credit to team!""~ TF2 Heavy""This is our land!""~ CS:GO T""I did not have relations with that dev""~ Clinton... yeah, maybe not.By now you've probably seen other reviews saying that Cities: Skylines beats the pants of the comparitive SimCity and the Cities XL / XXL. So I won't rehash that.What I like about Cities: SkylinesIt's relaxedThere are a huge number of community content additions to the gameRoads, zoning, sevices etc are all easy to apply (there is a learning curve)Since I've owned the game, there have still been official updates & content additionsJune 2016 saw a small free DLC packExpansion of territory is simpleApart from the stock unlimited money mod, you can get a first person one too, allowing you to wander aboutYou can rename anything. Everything has default names, but you can rename people, dogs, areas, housing etcWhat I don't like about Cities: SkylinesI have tried to think of counter points to the above, something negative, but I can't really name any. There are a few missteps I made in my first few games - such as planning / designing areas in a tightly aranged format, preventing easy upgrades to roads. But that's part of the learning curve I mentioned above. There's really been nothing bad about the game at all. There has been one oddity / amusing gaff: a road twisting when elevated, cornering too tightly, and positioned too close to last point - but that's the only thing.One thing I would like to suggest to the devs, is to make the single-instance trees to have more of an effect (an effect?) on noise pollution.Gameplay Note:You may be tempted to build all up on your high way access. Don't. You will rue the day you did that. Think space. You don't need to cram things in."
,Recommended,255710,17434140,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,[ES] Mindflayer,"This game is dangerous. First off, the Developers are very active so you know the game is not going to stagnate and bugs aren't going to last forever. Second, the community is very strong. Wish there was something in the game? There is probably a mod to cover you. Third, just 5 more minutes. OK, five more. What if I demolish this area and put in high density and then wrap the roads over here... Whoa, is that the time?"
76561198223328400,Recommended,255710,15750547,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,paddylearynyc,Wonderful for the traditional simulation city games...it makes SimCity seem like a restricted pile of garbage.
,Recommended,255710,16918643,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Schnitzel,Steps to Megapolis1. Build Town2. Expand Town3 Build City4. Solve the Traffic Problem5 Build ugly off and on ramps6 Build Dam because your too lazy to keep on placing wind turbines7. The Dam causes the river behide to flood and infront to dry up8. Feed people sewer water because of dryed up river9. Every person falls sick and dies10. Click New Game
,Not Recommended,255710,34316387,Posted: 17 August,all,Heliotarra,"I would recommend this game if the company behind it didn't try to milk DLC so much. A majority of the DLC they released should have just been included in the base game or in free updates. I can't support a game with such a bad business model.I certainly enjoyed this game but I got more enjoyment out of free mods than any of the DLC they have released. This game is just not worth its asking price when you include DLC, not even close.If the base game had included the DLC as updates I would completely say it's worth the price, but it's just not.Still a great sim, just milked by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company. So if money isn't a problem for you, great buy it. If you worry about money like most people you might find it hard to fork up $15 so you can have lights and tourism. Both things that should be in any city sim.Just buy the base game and wait to buy the DLC when it's on sale, In it's entirety it's not the worth the price."
,Recommended,255710,15090200,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,🦄,"An addictive, time-stealing game that has city building true to the core. Worthy of the hype, steep and enjoyble learning curve. Steam workshop is brimming with interesting additions to your city. You, yourself, can alter the appearance of any building to your tastes. You can truly build anything to match your imagination.My only gripe is the fact my save files and ultimately my mega city errored and I lost that. Don't know what happened but this game is so much fun that starting from the ground up again is very enjoyable.10/10 would play until 4am again."
,Recommended,255710,31363965,Posted: 25 April,all,Thetombomb,"Cities: Skylines is an amazing city builder game. You don't just place the appropriate buildings to gain their benefit as in other, more plain, city builders. In Cities: Skylines you actually need to plan your city logically. Traffic, pollution, healthcare, deathcare, fire safety, police safety, and disaster safety all matter.A city can be crippled poorly designed intersection(s) and logistics. This can lead to several outcomes. A fire may take out your industry if fire trucks cannot reach the location. Pollution can make people sick. If these sick people die they must be taken to a cemetary. I think it is fun to design cities that effectively mitigate most of these things. Each gameplay is different for me. This is especially true if you play with random disasters. I would recommend this as it certainly adds character to your city and its design."
,Recommended,255710,33645425,Posted: 18 July,all,(AEF) Vindicator,"This game is awesome, but only because of the community of modders that have made it so. The richness that is brought to his game by them is epic. The engine is great, a bit rocky when you are loading like 8Gb worth of mods and assets, but still playable. Check out the workshop and get the mods that you need. If you have an issue in the vanilla game, chances are its been or being solved with a mod. The developers actively support the mods also, incorporating via DLC... a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥arised version granted, but that shows an endorsement of the talents of the community."
,Not Recommended,255710,34365535,Posted: 19 August,all,Deimios,"Good game, scummy DLC practices."
,Recommended,255710,14826397,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,「Synoh」,The SimCity we all wanted.
76561198034536603,Recommended,255710,14824817,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Sersat,"So far... sooooo good!!!. I've tried Simcity and Cities XL series. This game fuses perfectly all the good things of both games, and corrects almost all the awfull things. This game is fully recommended!. Nice work! :D.. (BTW: Uninstalling simcity and cities xl series.. XD)."
76561197976613103,Recommended,255710,22969342,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,birdhuda,"This is what i would call the ""cream-of-the-crop"" city simulation building game. Coming from the SimCity series, i must say i was truly impressed by the openess of this game. The mods. The supports. The game itself. My tears has been wiped dry. For SGD55 it has given me countless hours in trying to replicate a seamless city. 378 hours and still counting. Truly amazing. With that said, the king ""SimCity"" has ben dethroned. This is the new king! The new benchmark in city simulation. The new yardstick!!!Ps - I've read some negative reviews about this game. No doubt there are some bugs and issues that need sorted out by the devs. No game is perfect. Give it time and it will be the best city builder game by far. Another major complain was that this game focus is more towards modding. As a city builder game you want variety of buildings, roadways, vehicle and etc. And that is where the modding community shines. It adds flavour to the game. I'm sure you will get bored of the plain 'ol vanilla building made by the devs sooner or later. And when i scrolled through the bad reviews something caught my attention. I'd say 80% of them have raked up on average of 30 hours on the game. That's just not fair. Each to their own then."
76561197973080548,Recommended,255710,16902237,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,NoSuchFile,It's Simcity! Without EA :)
,Recommended,255710,14953006,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,-BMF-,"With the last SimCity EA killed the franchise, this is the game that stepped up to fill the gap. All hail the new king!"
,Recommended,255710,19406344,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Napoleonthegreat1,"My Opinion of Cities: SkylinesCities: Skylines is simply an amazing city building game. I remember playing Sims City 4 Deluxe Edition and thinking of how good it was, this game may have surpassed it's greatness. This game released a little over two years after the disaster that was Sims City 5. Picture everything wrong with that game, then think of the exact opposite and you have Cities: Skylines.Pros- Very good graphics.- The little details (building signs, people biking, store fronts, etc).- Few repetitive buildings in close proximity, looks more realistic.- The traffic system (yes, it has some positives but I'll address the negatives in the cons below).- Day/Night cycle, it almost seems to change the whole look of your city.- Well optimized.- Frequent updates and patches.- Water physics.Cons- Traffic will stay in one lane even if it is a 6 lane highway. What is the point of having different road types if your citizens use one lane? It is not a deal breaker for this game, but it does pull you out of the fantastic city environment Paradox Interactive worked so hard to make.- Maybe 2-3 crashes within my small time played. It's not really an issue but I thought I would list it.My Verdict:7/10 (If the issues with the traffic are fixed it is easily a 8/10)"
76561198007394953,Not Recommended,255710,19228965,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Friggles größter Fan,"Well this game is a strange one. To sum it up: If you only want to design a nice looking city you'll probably like this game. But if you want to build a city and to deal with challenging problems in this city you'll probably be bored very soon, because the game mechanics are too simple and not challenging at all. In my point of view this is mainly caused by the following issues:Traffic: Probably the only challenging problem within your city. It's ok or even a little bit too low within downtown but much too high in industrial districts. Furthermore traffic jams are often caused by the stupid AI. You'll spend much time optimizing it by building additional roads, railroads, bus lines and so on. But then again - there are almost no penalities for having a bad traffic system. Only if the traffic becomes too bad growables won't get enough resources, which again causes your citizens to abandon them.Pollution: It has only a range of one or two blocks around your industrial areas. You only may not build residentals in this area. If you do so you'll never have any problems with pollution in your city.Energy: You can build several different powerplants. Which ones you'll choose is almost completely irrelevant and just a matter of MW per $. For example: There aren't any calms, so it isn't risky powering your city with only wind energy. Coal energy generates much pollution, but then again pollution only has a range of one or two blocks. . . . . .City-Services (Crime/ Fire/ Health/ Education/ Deathcare/ Leisure/ Garbage): Just build one of these buildings here and there and your growables will be all happy. There's almost no need for a clever placement of those buildings.Growables: Achieving the highest levels for all of your growables is easy, because the level mainly depends on the amount of city services, which are in the neighborhood of this building.Tourism: It is still completely broken. You cannot focus on tourism, because there are never enough tourists visiting your city.Resource chain and industrial production: They are also very simple. Basic resources (oil, food, ore) are transformed into general goods which are transported to your commercials and then bought by your citizens. You cannot specialize into anything, like car industry or hightech industry, here.Zoning: You almost don't need any strategy for placing your zones well or choosing a good ratio. Just avoid building too much industrials because of the traffic jams and your city probably will be fine. There's almost no variety like ways of specialization here. So appending new blocks to your city becomes pretty boring after a while.Income: You will never know how well your city works, since this game automatically tries to adjust the tax income of your growables, so that your total net income is somewhere between 10 000 $ or 20 000 $. This adjustment only fails if your expenses are much too high.Disasters: Not really available in this game. There are just fires. They don't even spread and only destroy a single building if the fire fighters don't arrive fast enough.I could still continue with this list for a while. But at least in my view the above mentioned flaws within the game mechanics are the most important ones. So I'll stop here. There are also some minor issues with the graphics (scales of growables are wrong) and with the GUI (placing roads and bus lines often becomes tedious). But I could easily forgive those issues if the basic game mechanics were better."
,Recommended,255710,29844123,Posted: 11 February,all,Yannick011[BE],"Only one word:AWESOMEI own the game for 1.5 years now and I'm still not tired of it. There areTONS and TONSof mods and assets you can download on the workshop.If the game is on sale:and you love simcity and haven't bought this game,  buy it. It is wortheverypenny! :)If the game isn't on sale:and you love simcity and haven't bought this game, buy it. It is wortheverypenny! :)or wait for a sale :DI'do only think there needs to be a transportation DLC which needs to include: cargo planes with big terminals etc., ferries, more in depth transportation options, more vehicles, more roads, etc.then it will be even more awesme! :-)EDIT:mass transit is coming!"
,Recommended,255710,15128766,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,[ECHO4423],"An unmitigated success, I can't say enough good things about Skylines so I won't even try."
,Recommended,255710,18829105,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,helms2905,I didn't know traffic can single-handedly lead to the downfall of an entire metropolis.
,Recommended,255710,14831417,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,GomiGuchi,"Small improvements needed, but you can tell the developer made this game with a lot of love and attention. Can't wait for future updates! I'm worried my wife might leave me though..."
,Recommended,255710,14856395,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Mettool,I legalized weed on a pig farm. 11/10
76561198023500754,Recommended,255710,15054729,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,White,"I've read it before and I'll say it again... This is what Sim City should have been.  I sat down thinking, ""It'll be fun, but I'll do something else in about an hour.""  Nope.  THIS is I remember Sim City series used to be like.  If you're on the fence about this game, GET IT.  You won't be disappointed.  If you're considering a certain game from EA, stop here and get this game.  I believe the developers have reignited the excitement of this genre.  I can't wait for what they do in the future."
76561198044817368,Recommended,255710,29022545,Posted: 4 January,all,Faguette,"-Choose a terrain for the city-Place Roads-Place Commercial, Residential and Industrial Zones.-Place Electric and Water production System.-Try to put down Electric lines and Waterlines only to realize there's no more money in the coffers.-Can't lend money.-Citizens now stop paying taxes because of no electricity and water.-Loose even more money.-Alt+f4Buy this game, it's good but be ready to go through this."
,Recommended,255710,24402932,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Pimp Limp,"Built a Power Plant.Power plant catches on fire.300 MW units of power below line.Sewage Treatment plants close from no power.Everyone sitting in their own♥♥♥♥♥♥Brown cloud forms over the city from air and land pollution and the river turns brown.Families get Ebola from own feces.Roads clog as 80,000 residents flee from city using three-lane highway.Only 1,500 make it out before I declare martial law.Hearses cant go to take dead bodies from homes and streets.Bodies pile up.Close all hospitals to make funding for new power plant.Not enough money.City is in ruins due to dead people and♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the place, along with the added pollution.Chernobyl 10/10"
,Not Recommended,255710,32554919,Posted: 18 June,all,falloutttt,"Love this game! <3But this lovely game cost more today then what I paid for on release, 2 years ago. Magic you say ? No, just... Paradox!! D:"
,Recommended,255710,25355915,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,A Tomato,"I was always interested in city building games, even if only on the level of mapping the streets and zoning.After the infamous flop of SimCity 2013, Cities Skylines just appeared out of the blue to take over most of the internet, as one of the most comprehensive and high quality modern city simulators around.Thanks to the After Dark update, the game looks positively gorgeous. Sure, the models and textures are quite poor up close, but the game wasn't designed to be viewed from a pedestrian's perspective, despite the (admittedly awesome) first person mods. But simply looking towards the horizon, above your city, it's magical.The music is cheerful - repetitive a bit, but cheerful and fits the bustling city atmosphere. Chirper starts off as a nice way to learn from your citizens how your city's faring, then becomes grating with the same tweets being given off about cats rescued by fire detectors, or how nice a place the city is. The rest of the sounds nail the busy metropolis theme.Gameplay is stellar, and very, very strategic. You lay down roads of various widths, then zone out areas for either residential, commercial or industrial buildings. Put down a coal plant, or several wind turbines, and deliver power to the masses. Set up the water pumping station and the sewage dumps - but be careful not to leave sewage upstream of the pumping station. Lay down services, such as medical clinics, fire stations, police stations, landfills and so on, and make sure they get as much coverage as possible. Create leisure zones, parks and other attractions, reduce noise and pollution, and allow for decent public services, to improve land value and level up buildings. Expand as your city does.The degree of simulation is such that you can follow individual ""cims"" walking out of their house, to their car, driving through junctions (and maybe getting caught in the infamous jams), reach their workplace or education facility, spend some time there, then return home. Every single citizen has a little schedule to follow. The water, which you can channel through a dam to power your city, is fully simulated, and badly placed dams and waterfront protection can cause flooding, which is not exactly good for your city. Traffic is the player's biggest threat - if you don't plan way, way ahead what you're doing, you are going to grind your city to a halt.The modding community is fantastic, providing addons ranging from highway interchanges and junction types, to new buildings, to enhanced AI logic, simulation, traffic actions and so on.It is a huge rush wildly flailing in panic at the sight of multiple problems occuring across the city, almost entirely due to poor traffic flow, and so is the relief that comes after successfully dealing with said situation.I really like this game. You ought to play it."
,Recommended,255710,14916617,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,marcias,"First of all, I had very high expectations, and that's never a good thing. Secondly, I played SimCity 4: Rush Hour until today.Now I don't have to, because I have Cities: Skylines, which is truly a successor of it.PROs:- Road-engineering is really next-gen!- The graphics/physics are not just good, but feature cool/cute details too (for example, when a truck ramps on a highway, it bounces a bit)- I love the water/wind simulation (besides it is just a very small part of the game)- People-based simulation is fascinating, and even over 40.000 population the game runs perfectly- The different map layers look good, and are useful- The game is almost bug-free on day one! (Hello EA, I am waving at you)- Map size is small at the beginning, but can be expanded later, at the end is somewhat the same size as the 4x4 in SimCity 4, which is huge (EA? Are you still here?)- Mod and custom asset support!CONs:- It is hard and easy at the same time. Let me explain: to make a perfect traffic in a big city is almost impossible, if you don't want to destroy everything and make your city a big highway intersection (which I am not a fan of). On the other hand, keeping everything in terrible traffic have no consequences at all! I think this is bad, because the game doesn't reward you if you make a good traffic. I have just watched a stream when a guy used only dirty roads in his city over 40.000 pop, and the city worked perfectly. In SimCity 4, when you do this, people moves out of their homes, because the commute time is so high, and so the offices/commercial/industry will fall too. I really hope they will fix this.- The public transportation has some issues too. According to my experiences, only buses can be operated profitable. Also, train traffic is ridiculous: even a metropolis should have less train-traffic, and most of them operate nearly empty (10/240 passengers or so).- I am not a big fan of working cities with only skyscapers. In SimCity 4, when you zone high density residential, but people feel they don't want to live in a mega-block, they will build some low-dense housing instead. Like in a normal city. Here, you zone high-everything, and they just build a Manhattan in the middle of nothing.But overall this is a great game, and I highly recommend it! Also, I am quite sure they will fix all the bugs and consider changing some of the cons I mentioned. Happy gaming!"
,Recommended,255710,15164586,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,FatMo_,"The sequal to SimCity 4 I've been waiting for, and only took 12 years too"
,Recommended,255710,14934157,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Friendly Caique,This game is... beautiful  (＊゜ー゜)bIt's exactly what Simcity should be like!EA see what you have done to Maxis you a$$h0le （╯‵□′）╯~  ╧╧
,Recommended,255710,14830807,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,mojoe,"Amazing game.  The best city builder to date.  Smooth launch, huge cities, great management tools."
,Recommended,255710,23943721,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nate Assassin,>built a few roads>built a power plant>people immediatly complain about pollution yet theres 0 population>builds water plant>cant figure out how to make sewer plant>builds some houses and stores>immediatly goes into debt>debt rises to over 100k in 15 minutes>can't get rid of debt and takes loans from China>debt rises still and everyone complains9/10 would become America again
,Recommended,255710,15865040,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Nathan,Can install mods and go into the perspective of a dog 10/10
,Recommended,255710,25115815,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,genegerbread,Cities: Skylines is great for the following reasons:-You get to name people derogatory terms which would be very consequential if you named your child that in real life-Graphics and specificity-Comparison to how real life actually works-Mods
,Recommended,255710,30413853,Posted: 9 March,all,Daimyo,"Just buy it (on sale if you're not sure)... So much talent and passion behind this game.  The technical complexity of the simulation is amazing, the pricing is perfectly on point.  Checkout the workshop and have your mind blown.The DLC in my opinion is a way for the developers to reward themselves further of the blood, sweat, and tears they pour into this game.  People often forget that when a DLC comes out, the base game receives free huge content updates and back-end fixes, extended mod support, etc.   The DLC often go on sale as well just like the base game.You may have paid $60 for SimCity 5 for a water-downed simulation/pretty game.. So far I've spent ~$30 total with all DLCs and this game has added more enjoyment than all city sims before it combined..  I've been playing since Simcity Classic and SimCity 2000!  ♥♥♥♥ I'm getting old."
,Recommended,255710,32993218,Posted: 29 June,all,infinxty,"PROS:- Huge maps. I mean giant.- Since the update, mass transit has become much better to use, with more options available to fine tune your city- No lag in the early half of the game. (If you unlock all the map and then start filling it, you will get lag, but if you play on a slightly smaller scale you'll be fine.- Good taxing, budget and policy systems- The mods make this game what it is!CONS:- DLC is fairly overpriced for what it actually brings to the game.- If you play the game modless, traffic management can be a pain, e.g. you cant create junctions with no left/right turns for example. This can be fixed by using the Traffic Manager: President Edition mod.- No tutorial at the beginning of the game. I tried to explain how to get started to my friend and I resorted to YouTube in the end. It's a learning curve for sure.- Electricty and water distribution is a bit meh.- Land value is only based upon how many parks and plazas you place in an area."
,Recommended,255710,23208922,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Em,A flooded building caught on fire.10/10
,Recommended,255710,29452374,Posted: 23 January,all,KMZ ✞ 809,The only problem I have with this game is that I cant smash every citizen's cellphone so they stop using Chirper.
,Recommended,255710,27859455,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,.Iver,"Nice game, it's going in a direction that I wanted since Sim City 4, many options, beautiful graphics... I can recommend it.I’m only missing a bit of the SC4 Spirit, here is a lot of space unused, since you need to build everything by a road, the details aren’t as good as they should be, but anyway fun to play."
,Recommended,255710,15780597,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Sentuis,"Over 300 hours enough said ALL PROBLEMS I LIST ARE FIXED BY MODSDue to the new as of 7/11/17 mass transportion dlc a lot of the traffic issues I list are voided. ""Slightly"" Cars will plie up because the random cars not owned by people in the city are trying to use your city highway system as a short cut between highways connection: A and highway connection:B So you have either HAVE to make a bypass for those cars or your highways will be clogged. The new dlc does add more details to the cites transportation information screens. However not enough for example I recently started to use a lot of underground passages to make people have easy connection to schools or medical buildings. I see the many homes that people leave to use these tunnles but I do not know *HOW* many people are using them.Nighttime is nice. But the speciality of areas to section into your city seem lacking. However my biggest issue is no shock here. Taxis. I thought the taxis would work like buses jut spawning the needed amount for the area or route. Nope Taxis are a limited number. Making them nothing but flash for your roads and never making the expense money back. It seems that with more they add to the game the more the games traffic isses become more bothersome. Yes I can fix it with mods. However, I say I shouldnt have to. Because this game was made by the same dev that made City in motion. So clearly they have an understanding of what a city needs to run. However, they seem to have cut that out in this as in transport that has diffrent type of mass transport and effectivness in this game. The game seems to be designed for a road/highway based city. And any other methods bedamed. Which I personally find very not upset just wishing it was better. Tunnels add a new useful way to manage roads/highways. However the tunnels are not labeled so over time underground ends up looking like the L.A. freeways system but underground.Further there is not enough detailed information. Industry will complain about not having enough resources. However there is no way to just add the import costs to the city expenses. Which is very confusing because there are city view overlays that show trucks driving to industry with imports. It seems that over time the industries are not able to order more imports. This problem also effects office/commercial these sectors also lose the ability to get the goods needed to function. Moreover, If you connect industry to office/comm industry for a time sends the needed goods to the formerly mentioned sectors. Alas the mentioned issues mean that after a time the problems kick in so massive amounts of these sectors are abandoned. So you will have to delete large sections of those sectors. Moving on to transport it works by placing lines in the path you want it to go and press the  line to place the stop. That is how the game explains it to you however that it is very messy to place many lines on bus and trains/subway. Traffic is another big problem. And can not be fixed without placing messy lines of highway making your city look like the L.A. freeway system. Oh and the cars on the highway drive like♥♥♥♥♥♥cutting each other off and slowing down the other cars in the lanes. No matter how many subways or buses or trains I place in hotspots. People still use their cars. After playing the game for another 100+ hours my traffic controling skills are better so after about 90,000 people in my city THEN the trafic goes to poop. However this game is not marketed as a grand city builder just a basic one. So it shouldnt have taken me and extra 100 hours to get a handle on the traffic and mass transport. Moding is highly easy for this game I still find myself using very little ""big"" mods other than road intersections and what not because heavy mods make my game crash.ALL PROBLEMS i LISTED ARE FIXED BY MODS, STILL BETTER THAN SIMCITY5 !!!"
,Not Recommended,255710,32517320,Posted: 17 June,all,Konstaili,Paradox decided to  ♥♥♥♥ all players in all regions.Great increase +30% for all regions and +100% for Russia.Dont buy games from Paradox at any cost until they lower price to normal again!
,Recommended,255710,15244142,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,it's me laffy,"It's like a new SimCity onlygood.Like, properly good.Also mods."
,Recommended,255710,23237141,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Xylitogum,10/10. Built Rome in a day.
76561198012479935,Recommended,255710,30484607,Posted: 12 March,all,peter5524,What SimCity wished it was.
,Recommended,255710,15147378,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Brison,I care more about my virtual cities than the city I live in.10/10 goty
,Recommended,255710,14847707,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,SilentTrigger,It's not Sim City. 10/10
76561198057712626,Recommended,255710,15868518,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,forlorn87,"This is amazing game. If you've ever played Sim City 5 and left thinking you wanted more, this is it! The Mod support is amazing, and keeps this game fresh!"
76561198001066755,Recommended,255710,15612978,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,[BWC] Mischief,"If you like City Builders, this is the game for you.  And if you banged your head against the abortion that was the last SimCity game hoping against hope that Maxis would stop lying to its customers and just fix the damned thing then you're really in for a treat.  This is what SimCity *should* have been -- large expandable maps, better tools and options, you name it.  In fact there really isn't a lot that SimCity got wrong that this one doesn't get right, which you would assume (and hope) is a thumb in EA's eye."
,Recommended,255710,14942760,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Valdyr the Hyena,"This is the city builder people wanted back in 2013. Not to be confused with the Cities XL series, this game is done by the same people who did Cities In Motion. I finally have a good city builder to play other than SimCity 4.- In depth traffic simulation/planning. You can build your own interchanges/intersections/pretty much anything from scratch, and the AI will realistically follow it.- Mod support (Steam Workshop enabled too). The developers even endorse modding. Does EA even know what modding is anymore?- NO DRM! Yes yes, I know, SimCity doesnt need to always be online anymore. But this game has no DRM other than the cd key you get on Steam.- HUGE maps. You start with a small plot of land, but are able to purchase neighboring plots as your city grows. This means you can have a sprawling metropolis with multiple town centers/airports/highway systems.- The ability to divide your city in to separate districs, each able to have their own policies/taxes.If you are on the fence about this game, definitely go for it. For only $30 at release, it is an excellent price for a game that will keep you entertained for a long, long time."
,Recommended,255710,15057302,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,General Mega,how 2 play: cities skylinesbuild lots of sewage outletsbuild dam infrontflood city with pure♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt to build a realistic cityfailrepeat
76561197966647240,Recommended,255710,15038437,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Azimeir,"Less than 2 weeks I have owned Skylines, already 50+ hours of fun building, already I've hit that nirvana of losing time as I tinker with some piece of my city. There are not the proper words to express how much this game blows the most recent iteration of SimCity out of the water. I know I'll easy log 500+ hours on this game over the next year - and for $30! I would've felt it well-purchased at $50.The road building tools actually function, the pathfinding isn't stupid, the city size is larger than I've needed so far, and the tools to micro-manage exist without requiring use.Value, fun, and only the beginning."
,Recommended,255710,14900628,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,smulan,"I cannot do anything else but recommend this game. For the first time in years it feels that a new-released game is actually done when its released.. Ofc there is small things that could change but never the less the game is really stable, few bugs and a lot of fun from minute one.The oportunity to mod the game makes it even more complete in my eyes, i wont get tired as fast.Looking forward to see where this game is in a year, with the amount of mods there is to day, imagine what we have in a year!Thanks to paradox my gaming for a few years is saved!"
,Recommended,255710,15458522,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,TPB,"What can I say?1500+ hours so far, first 300 or so inside the Asset Editor, pretty much the rest writing mods. I probably played about 50 to 100 hours of the actualy game..This is a city-builder fan's dream come true. Enourmous modding possibilities straight out of the box. An immersive simulation. Large map area to build on. Freedom in the creation of roads and other networks, districts, policies, in short:Everything I've been waiting for over a decade.The few flaws this game haswill probably behave been modded out of itin due time, or fixed by the developers themselves.If all this isn't worth 30 bucks, then I don't know what is.An absolute must-have.Update: If you grab this during sale, you can get the game + all dlc for the price of just the base game with no sale. Definitely worth your money as you'll get endless hours of fun and creativity out of it."
76561198106240124,Recommended,255710,18993762,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Bittersweet,"This game shows how community can take a good game, and make it amazing.Thank you all :)YES!"
,Recommended,255710,15006083,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,<§> Sub,"I don't even really like city building games and I'm totally hooked on this. Looks great, plays flawlessly and massive modding potential."
76561198008676722,Not Recommended,255710,28195505,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Lizzarn,"My first week I was very into Cities:Skylines. But then I quickly realized this game is not a city sim or even city builder/designer game. No, its pure traffic sim. You will lose yourself for hours trying to fix the idiotic AI that is Cities:Skylines traffic.Drivers will only drive in the center lane near an exit ramp. This creates chaos. They will come to a dead stop with two other clear lanes but no one will drive in the other lanes. I'm convinced this is not by design, but a bug due to poor AI. Why have six lanes or a three lane highway if the sims are not going to utilize the lanes during heavy traffic. Also, a town of 50,000 is not going to have enough population or demand to clog up a 3 lane one way highway(total of six lanes), let alone the 2 connecting highways on my map, and then a third highway I built.To add to this chaos, garbage collectors, cops, firemen, hearst drivers, etc, do not stay in their own area. They will abandon their area and go clog your highways while your citizens near the service home suffer. There is no AI to make them only stay in their area. Even if you have every area covered they will still go across your map.The only challenge to this game is making an entire city with no traffic stops - nothing else is a challenge. Even with well executed roundabouts you're still going to have extreme highway challenges that all orginate from 1) too much traffic being spawned despite a low population, 2) poor AI because sims do not utilize highways correctly. At first, I found it fun to try and beat the traffic, until I realize I've spent hours on it, and have noticed the sims erratic, pointless driving. Its just poor AI. I'm sure there are other traffic sims that have proper AI, not that I even wanted a traffic sim, I was hoping for a city builder/designer. So, unless you want a frustrating traffic sim game, with a bity of city builder thrown in I would say only get this if its on sale. And do not bother with the overpriced DLC. If they fix the traffic AI, then it'd be a fun little game.Also, another unrealistic aspect is you can follow a car, and in good traffic it will take this car days to reach its destination. In bad traffic it will take weeks... C'mon. Regardless, just a poor traffic sim game."
,Recommended,255710,28659967,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Shazam,"Much as I prefer to let each game stand on its own, certain games demand comparisons. In the case of Cities: Skylines, developer Colossal Order has overtly modeled its game after SimCity – not just the fundamental concept and methods of building and maintaining a simulated city from the ground up, but much of the look and feel as well. And on almost every count, Skylines compares very favorably to the former standard-bearer of the city-building genre. It is, in fact, the best of its kind to come along in a full decade – a powerful, flexible, beautiful, and all-around impressive simulation that lets you build sprawling, single-player metropolises to your heart’s content. Building has to be its own reward, though, because the lack of random events or disasters leaves the job of running these towns feeling sleepy and meditative.Playing as part mayor, part god-king with the power to arbitrarily bulldoze your simulated citizens’ dreams and create schools with a click, building a city from scratch is mostly conventional: lay down roads with the easy-to-use tools, designate zones for residential, commercial, or industrial buildings, provide utility services, reap the tax boon, then repeat the cycle with new stuff that’s been unlocked by your growing population hitting new milestones. Skylines finds a mostly happy medium between the complexity of SimCity 4 and the relative simplicity of SimCity 2013 by automatically attaching zoneable areas to roads as they’re laid, but still holding onto obligatory busywork like laying water pipes. Those basics are all tried and true - you couldn’t have a city-builder without them - so it’s mandatory that they be done well. Cities: Skylines does that.The first way this sim knocks it out of the park is in its scale. Each game begins as deceptively small, constricting you to a four-square-kilometer area (the same size as a SimCity map, entirely by coincidence I’m sure), but quickly allows you to buy access to an adjacent plot of land of equivalent size. Then it does this seven more times, for a total possible area of 36 square kilometers. Suffice it to say, there’s plenty of room. And while you can’t directly edit terrain while you play, there’s an included map editor where you can create any land mass you choose before you jump in - or download one from the prominently integrated Steam Workshop mod support.With such large cities, it’s fantastic that Skylines allows you to define and regulate areas individually. Simply paint a chunk of your city with the District tool, and you can not only name it so you can spot it easily on the map, but give it unique policies that regulate everything from mandating smoke detectors to reduce fire hazards (at a cost) to legalizing recreational drug use for lower crime rates, or banning highrise buildings to create defined downtown and suburban areas. In industrial zones, you can specialize the businesses to exploit a map’s natural resources in the area to mine ore, drill for oil, farm on fertile land, or harvest trees for forestry. You can even create tax incentives for a specific type of zone within each district.Let’s zoom in for a moment: we can see individual humans walking through the streets, going to work or school, engaging in leisure activities, or returning home by the thousands. They drive cars, take trains, and even walk dogs. (You can individually name them, but I suggest naming them Waldo, because there are so many that if you find that specific one again you I say you basically win the game.) This is where you realize the time scale becomes absurd. On the slowest speed a day lasts 10 seconds – three and a half on the fastest – which means the journey to work could last a week. But the lack of a day and night cycle means time doesn’t seem too unnatural, but rather an abstraction to serve the speed at which things are built and tax money flows in.Making a major city’s traffic flow smoothly is a puzzle I haven’t come close to fully cracking yet, but I do feel good when I easily create overpasses and freeway onramps to experiment with routes that direct the flow and ease the gridlock... at least partially. By default, most advanced road types are locked out at the start, which makes planning a city around trains or subways nearly impossible (unless you plan on supervillain-level demolition later on), but there’s a sandbox mode that’ll allow you to build whatever you want, whenever you can afford it. (There’s also an unlimited money mode.)Mass transit is a tricky beast. It’s not enough to lay down bus stops and train stations; you have to plot out routes individually, or no one will go anywhere. It’s easy to get lost in that, especially as routes start overlapping and it’s frustrating to get your bus stop placed on the correct side of each narrow road. But there are a lot of options, and the endorphin rush from making a red traffic data overlay turn green makes it all worth it.Up close, buildings are colorful and detailed, right down to small animations like rooftop fans spinning. A slider in the options menu gives us control over the amount of depth-of-field blur applied to distant buildings when zoomed in, which mimics SimCity’s attractive diorama effect. Skylines doesn’t match the graphical quality of SimCity, though, and given the great numbers we see them in they don’t quite have the variety needed to prevent most neighborhoods from looking pretty much the same.What Skylines isn’t good at is telling you what you’ve done wrong, and what problem you need to solve right now. For instance, when I hit 50,000 citizens, the gauge at the bottom of the screen that indicates what new zone type my city wanted in order to expand bottomed out. It didn’t want anything at all. Hundreds of buildings were abandoned, without explanation. How can I address the issues that are hamstringing my city when I don’t know what they are, and the in-game advisors provide no insight? I built new residential, commercial, and industrial zones and waited; eventually, without my taking any deliberate action or receiving any explanation, the zones filled and growth resumed upward of 100,000. I don’t understand why.In that light, it’s fortunate that it’s fairly difficult to send your city into a death spiral without actively trying to, or making worse financial decisions than Greece. It has to be as deliberate as placing a sewage drain pipe directly upstream from your water pump – basically piping raw sewage into your citizens’ tap water – or borrowing more money than you can ever hope to repay. Even crime is disappointingly easy to keep in check with a single police station serving a town of 40,000.It’s limited to man-made crisis-management because there are no earthquakes, tornadoes, destructive floods, nuclear meltdowns, zombie outbreaks, UFO or monster attacks, or anything fun like that. The only thing close to a disaster is a fire, and those don’t spread from one building to another, even if left completely unchecked. I don’t mean to fault Skylines for not cloning every single feature of SimCity, but I do consider disaster management to be a major part of running a big city, and without it Skylines lacks a certain sense of excitement that’s been a staple of the city-building genre since the beginning.More than anything, Cities: Skylines is about the simple joy of building. It’s a really impressive and often beautiful simulation, where an amazing number of virtual people go about their business across a huge swath of land. Getting in and creating something is easy, though mastering it will require extensive research on community wikis to understand why growth is stunted even when you address your citizens’ apparent concerns. Don’t expect exciting scenarios or random events, but do expect to be impressed by the scale and many moving parts of this city-builder."
,Recommended,255710,28304158,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Admiral Kirk,Gameplay 9/10Atmosphere 8/10Music 7/10Graphics 9/10Replayability 9/10Overall 9/10What sim city should have been!
76561198050611255,Recommended,255710,15347246,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Faucet,"-Build's dam-Water builds up and floods over-Industry is sumberged-Destroy dam-Water Surge-Ocean rises-Megatsunami floods powerlines-Megatsunami shoves poop water near pumps-People being fed own poop without power-People become sadmad-People get sick from poop-Hospitals underwater-Dead bodies pile up-City drowns in water, poop, and bodies11/10 would drown again"
,Recommended,255710,15179160,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Your Daddy,Yes
76561198080074686,Recommended,255710,17169331,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Rammstein,"I bought this game today and as soon as it finished downloading I found myself nine hours later with a bent neck & irritated eyes at 5 A.m. Decided to get this over SimCity 4 and I would HIGHLY reccomend this game.Pros:-Excellent build in mod system with Steam Workshop- Great 3D Graphics- Can run on lower computers (Im on HP Notebook 2000 and I get around 30-40 FPS)-Amazing way to kill time if you have no life like myself-Overall great gameCons:-A Little confusing at first, took me about 10 failed cities to get a good one going-Will lose a lot of sleep10/10 Shrek Approved"
76561198120660539,Recommended,255710,23403534,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ethanos,"I love finding random people and following them around, then when they♥♥♥♥♥♥me off I can destroy their lives. That's right Joe Harrison, I bulldozed your house because your car was in the way."
76561198003451813,Recommended,255710,14843128,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Top Hats and Champagne,"This game is guilty of burning SimCity alive and eating its flesh afterwards.10/10, would cannibalise again."
,Recommended,255710,17330080,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Kliekie,"This is the best city game I have ever played. It's already full of awesomeness but they keep making it even more awesome with every update! The workshop addition is a huge part of the game and it really brings the community together. Don't hesitate, just buy it!"
76561198011242852,Not Recommended,255710,34863934,Posted: 10 September,all,Caddarik,"Great Game. . . . However, DLC is priced way too high   =("
,Recommended,255710,14982238,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,i208khonsu,"This game sucks, I can't stop playing it."
,Recommended,255710,31868576,Posted: 20 May,all,Scr.at,best city builder :)
76561198220579564,Recommended,255710,31052118,Posted: 9 April,all,UndulateClamp49,This is by far the best city building game.
,Recommended,255710,14844643,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,seutsi,It's not Sim City. 10/10
76561198116270998,Recommended,255710,22965171,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,AgentSquidbeak,-make city-get 10000 population-celebrate-make ore industry-someone complains about mining on their twitter profile-click on their name to see where they are-they're driving-texting while driving-my city has 0% crime rate-confusion-place power lines-place them in a way so they go over roads-detailFTW-make new residential district-people complain about not having power-cant afford power-people start to move out-disconnect roads from main road to stop them moving out-doesn't work-people moving out stillconfusion simulator 2016
,Recommended,255710,16964643,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ErickaUnlimited,"OverviewCities: Skylines is another contender in the city simulation/building management genre. It plants its roots among games such as Sim City and Cities XL to name a select few. What Cities: Skylines does is take those games, turn them upside down and offer a fresh new perspective on a dated genre. To say the game surpasses previous games of this type would be an understatement. The game pulls ahead of the race and never looks back. The developers wanted something new and exciting and Cities: Skylines has it in spades.The overall gameplay is much the same: you start out on a pre-defined landmass with a stack of cash and only your imagination standing in your way. It's your job to name your city, form your plan of attack and make your city thrive (or fail if that's your thing). Much like previous installments in the genre, you'll have your selection of various densities of residential and commercial business, as well as industrial zoning. Cities: Skylines adds to that, offering you the ability to specialize areas for specific purposes with city ordinances - farming and forestry, higher taxes, lower taxes, pollution control, heavy traffic bans, legalization of marijuana...you get the idea. Rather than just zone an area and let it grow, the game offers a deeper look in balancing out wants and needs of your city.Aside from zoning and city ordinances, Cities: Skylines delves into other noteworthy favorites: Emergency services, schools, recreational and public transportation (roads, buses, trains, airports...etc). While most items don't have much involvement aside from adjusting budgets, you are given the ability to create a multitude of transition lines and customize the stops, name them and change the vehicle colors. It helps keep everything neat and orderly.Where the game really shines is within its ability to create mods and custom assets that can be implemented into the game by the community via the Steam Workshop. This takes the vanilla game to a whole new level, introducing new buildings, cars, parks, landscapes to build on, monuments or something entirely brand new. Without the workshop, the game is still pleasant and quite enjoyable, but there is a lot missing in terms of diversity. The workshop gives you that diversity, practically slapping you in the face with it. It takes Cities: Skylines from a great game, to an outstanding game.Now, like all games, there is always room for improvement. While I feel the game is great and I've thoughly enjoyed my time playing it, I feel it falls short in some of the deeper city management aspects. Taxes, for example, don't often need adjusting outside a very fine line unless you want to go bankrupt or have your citizens moving en mass.Once you get your city off the ground, it's very difficult to ""lose"", if you will. You'll be making money hand over fist unless you crank up the difficulty, which then makes budgeting more of a necessity, especially in the beginning of the game, but less so later on as long as you don't do anything drastic that puts you in the red. Since there are no natural disasters as of this review, and fires are localized to just the building on fire (mods do change it so they spread), widespread epidemics aren't a threat, making the need to prepare all but nonexistent.I feel the game is wonderful for what it offers, but feels too easy at times. However, I don't feel any of those negatives negate the enjoyment the game offers.ProsModding Community - The modding community brings out this game's full potential.Building Space - The maps are huge, opening up a lot more options and the ability to have widespread districts and cities.The visuals - The game is colorful and detailed enough to give your city a diverse, pretty landscape.Renaming - You can remain everything - from businesses, homes, vehicles and even livestock.What It's Not - The game is not Sim City 5.ConsManagement Systems - The game lacks any in depth management aside from taxes, budgets and ordinances.Difficulty - The game can feel too easy once you get the feel of the mechanics. Increasing the difficulty helps to mitigate some of that, but in the long run it can still feel that way.Natural Disasters - As of this review, there still are none. I hope this changes in the future.Resources - The game can be a little resource heavy and if you're like me and like assets (currently have 400+ new ones), the game can take some time between load screens, even on higher end computers.Overall, Cities: Skylines is a great city builder. It's something I had been waiting for since I played Sim City 4 into the ground back in 2004. If you're into the genre and looking for the right one, Cities: Skylines is, in my opinion, one of the best games out there at this moment. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,255710,14982023,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Defender of Sexyness,This is the city building game that the genre has been waiting for.-Great graphic detail and peformance-Ginormagantuan map sizes.-Lots of differnt factors to consider yet very easy to understand and manage-Zoning feature is really handy and really helps to make the most of your space.-Game gets more challenging as your city grows.-Fun and addicitve gameplay-Steam workshop/modding community pumps out great content.A great accomplishment 10/10
76561198124537992,Recommended,255710,25863913,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,frypiggy,It's been said before... and with the recent sale it's probably the best $8 I've ever spent on a videogame.
,Not Recommended,255710,29512757,Posted: 26 January,all,Lana Del Snack,"I feel very rude and it frustrates me to write this, but I do not recommend Cities: Skylines unless it is at a good sale price.I love simulation games, but this one grew stale and was not for me.The first several hours were really enjoyable and I even went as far as to get the After Dark DLC at a sale price since I anticipated I'd be addicted. But only a few hours later did I realize I wasn't enjoying the game anymore. There are no ""scenarios"" to play, adding actual goals to the game, unless you get the Natural Disasters DLC (and there are apparently very few). You're just left to endlessly build a city with intricate micromanagement. If that sounds like your type of game, buy it! If that's all you want, this game will be perfect.My major complaints that led to me stop enjoying the game began with the lack of customization. For the first while, before your city's population adds up and you unlock more features, there's not much to add personalization to your city to make it feel like your own. Different types of roads and other customizations are blocked off arbitrarily in the early portion of building a city, and you'll only get access to these by boosting your population by a stated amount. It makes sense! It really does, but it made the first hour or two of starting a new city absolutely boring. I feel the game would have benefitted from loosening these restrictions.... and to follow that up, you may say ""there are mods, though!"" Yes, there are, and I was very excited to try them. However, the community proves that there are troubles with every update. Mods become incompatible, unsupported by the developers, and as a new player, lots of research will go into finding out how to use these mods and have them appear in your game, like custom buildings or styles. Many times, just trying to make sure custom content appeared in the in-game ""Content Manager"" would crash the game just after a few items. I thought it was just because I originally ran the game on an external hard drive, but I eventually tried it on my internal SSD, and the mods just seemed to hamper the game.If you have a lot of patience to learn the sciene behind the custom content of the game, and don't mind the aimless city-building with not much else to look forward to but ""more, more and more"". This is a sandbox game for you, no question.I understand why some people like it, but after the amount of time I played, I just feel exhausted and need a long break. The pleasure of growing my city sort of numbed itself."
76561198099963741,Recommended,255710,15080377,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mr_Silverhawk,"THIS GAME IS SO ADDICTING!-Build a hamlet- need to get up to 13,000 pop-sort out traffic- eat dinner-play more cities:skylines- wait why the hell is there a car going into a a building?Thank you for runing my life! jk this game is amazing11/10!"
,Recommended,255710,24437154,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,StormDestroyer,The Best City Builder Sim I have ever played. The depth of simulation is mind-blowing. New challenges arise at every corner. This game encourages creative problem solving. Numerous great mods in the steam workshop. A must buy for any gamer.
76561198131962116,Recommended,255710,30252273,Posted: 28 February,all,Alan Prescott,"If you have 9 hours to spend sorting out traffic, then i recommend you this game."
,Recommended,255710,14887427,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,darkfall_SIG_A,"when I realized, it was already 6 a.m10/10"
,Recommended,255710,17027498,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Murai,You better have a damn good excuse for sitting around reading this review instead of buying this game.
,Recommended,255710,28234038,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,SpicyStryker,"Making your own city, with your own image. Sounds fun, because it is, I have never played such a tiny, little city that makes you ""aww"" and enjoy at the same time. I like games like this small and awesome, with the DLCs, I'm going to buy them next time. It's an awesome City Simulation and has it's downers sometimes but it's still an enjoyable and fun game to play with."
76561198130119998,Recommended,255710,24527222,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,IDKWhatToDo,Step 1: Load the game up.Step 2: Fail to build a working city.Step 3: Download 1066 mods from the Steam Workshop.Step 4: CRASH.
,Recommended,255710,23754003,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,pattern,Entire city choked on its own sewage and died.At least no more traffic jams.
,Recommended,255710,16889859,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,crazzekiff,"The only City-Builder I enjoy after playing SimCity 3000. It's its beautiful, young daughter.Also, you gotta love the Developers and Publisher, full Mod-support, perfect Workshop integration, Updates on a regular basis and no goddamn Internet connection needed to play this Singleplayer Game.This is perfection.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s at EA, watch and learn."
76561198051946330,Recommended,255710,31836861,Posted: 19 May,all,Dankey Kang,"Played it for over 600 hours says it all. This game is worth the money despite me having around 2K with mods and assets. The game gets better with the DLCs too! But wait! There's more! Cities: Skylines have one of Steam's greatest community and workshop community! If you have trouble with mods, talk with the community! Problems with the game? Talk with the community! Want to start modding or making assets? Talk with the community!10/10 From me!"
,Recommended,255710,23191937,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,xpgx1,"If you in need of a real city builder - this games has it all!It looks decent and can run reasonably well on a modern pc. ;) The gameplay is rock solid, diverse, highly mod friendly (The workshop is fully of♥♥♥♥♥kicking custom assets and welcome additions like the resolution upscaler) and still manages not to overwhelm newcomers. Forget games with XXL in their title cuz Cities: Skyline really delivers! Period.No, srysly ... there is no other city builder besides Skylines. This is the SimCity we all wanted a couple years ago, for just a fraction of its price. And by the way, their small DLC offers are completely fair - add meaningful content and are completely optional. Like the trams they added in Snowfall - its cool, nice to have - but totally not required for even the largest city. So far I had a ton of fun  ;)Update 05/2017: Regarding the harsh critique of the pricing of the various DLCs, the Colossal Order makes sure that every major DLC also adds free features. In fact the latest offering, Mass Transit, overhauls the road and transport line UI pretty substantially. A release price of 13€ is preeetty fair, considering there are always unique additions to your core game play. However, performance issues on higher end rigs still persist - which is a real shame. Still, there is simply no alternative to C:S - at least not when you want a city SIMULATION and won't be satisfied with placing nice looking extra police cars to your massive city that is =)"
76561197989103196,Recommended,255710,22248769,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,tobbelobb,"Did you play SimCity and you were disappointed by how fast the gameplay seemed to stall out? Did you not play city sims before, and you are looking for a good place to start? Either way this game is a brilliant choice for you. The content offering it provides is abselutely insane. Compared to the already mentioned SimCity, I would say you get 5x the game for 1/3 the price. After 450 hours of gameplay, I have never ""finished"" any city to the point where I could not expand any further. To top it all off, basically any annoying gameplay issue you encounter can be solved in 5 minutes of browsing the workshop.I will now get picky and point out the biggest weaknesses I have found during my hundreds of hours of playtime, but keep in mind that I would never play the game that much if I did not love it in it's current state.The DLC is not worth it. The DLC almost costs half of the game itself, and adds very little to the gameplay. After Dark mostly makes it very annoying to build half of the time, because it is, you know... dark at night. Apart from that the gameplay around the day/night cycle is not that appealing, to me at least. Snowfall would be worth if there was a season cycle, but you either have permanent snow, or no snow at all.Some mods are almost mandatory. I don't consider this a big issue, but I know nothing about the performance implications of mods on low end machines. The game is totally playable without mods, I actually had every steam achievement available before DLC, so I have enjoyed quite some hours with no mods. It is just that when you first start modding, it's really hard to go back(this is why I don't have any of the DLC achievements, lol).Some costs seem very unbalanced. In the ""standard game"" I often found myself splitting my budget 50/50. Between garbage plus death services, and everything else... Why is as expensive to burn your garbage as it is to upkeep all your hospitals, fire stations, and police stations combined? These things are really easy to mod on your own though, so again, it's not a game breaking issue.If you think you might enjoy the game a quarter as much as I do, it's probably your best buy you ever made."
76561197985501663,Recommended,255710,14839240,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Quad Rioters,"Pros- Solid, simple yet creative and freeroam city building game.- Beautiful environment.- New features such as Zone Unlocking, District and Asset Editor add more depth to the game.- Better than that ""another City-building game"" in the major ways.Cons- Most buildings are pretty identical.- Road and zone planning can be frustuated.- Just a single city, no regional areas. Nor multiplayers (probably a good thing).Final VerdictFinally, the next-gen, 3D, fully-moddable, functional city simulation game! If you like city-building games, this game is for you.Although the game is relatively small but the revival community will sure keep it going. Great work, Colossal Order.9/10!"
76561198130209901,Recommended,255710,23349122,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,sterale14,"The evolution of sim city is complete. This game is insane, and the ability to mod is amazing. Shoot ive built cities just to play around with railroad tracks and design."
76561197993917460,Not Recommended,255710,21419464,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Horny Rooster,"After the initial eye candy loses its charm, you realize the game is way too easy.  You just have to take care of the necessities, ie. waste disposal, power, water, etc.  and your city will flourish.  I got bored of this game pretty quickly.  The game is beautiful, but lacks challenge."
,Recommended,255710,14874465,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ComradeWinston,"Everthing about this city builder functions perfectly as you'd expect and more. For instance, one thing speaks to how much thought has and may continue to be put into this game: the ability to close off a body of water with a dam, build pumps in it, and drain it. A short while after draining the body of water, grass soon grows on what was once dirt and you can plop down more city. You can even put sewage pumps along that area beforehand, remove the water pumps before turning them on, and flood your new stretch of city with poop water. If you really hate your citizens, you can place new water pumps in the ruins of your new-ish poop-flooded part of the city and your citizens all throughout your city will become poisoined and die.Sure most of that has little to do with the whole city building thing most of the time but it tells me everything I need to know about their dedication to detail and sandbox mechanics."
,Recommended,255710,14881200,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Lossy,"If you liked simcity but felt there wasn't enough options, then you really should get this game. It's like simcity but 10 times better than simcity, and you can actually build a city on a game about building a city."
,Recommended,255710,18789482,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,KazooiE,"Launched game.Made roads, power grid, water pipes...Didn't know exactly how to solve the massive sewage problem.Everyone abandoned.Restart a new game.11/10 would pollute again"
,Recommended,255710,14878961,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,⎛⎝ℬlaize9⎠⎞,I just spent 3 hours building a highway asset.11/10
,Not Recommended,255710,21431970,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,xX_BacıDestroyer_Xx,"I have to say, I had fun. But it drained really fast. This game has the problem of challanging the player. After a while it just becomes a mindless clicker where you click click click away the fire stations and high schools and get the little happy faces as feedback. Basically whole game boils down to how beautiful of a city you can make with minimal amount of actually managing it."
,Recommended,255710,15588358,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,♠Frozen Ace,"This game is awesome. This game is like the latest Simcity, except Paradox thoroughly looked through it and turned bad things into good things. Such as; your city isn't limited as it is in Simcity. In Cities: Skylines your town can be f*cking enormous. Another thing about this game that Paradox did better than Maxis and EA is that you don't need 11,000 watertowers. You can just increase the budget on the water and sewage department. If it still isn't enough, you should maybe buy one or two more waterpumps. Still, this game is awesome. Definitely Game of the Year for me. This is basically everything Simcityisn't."
,Recommended,255710,33346021,Posted: 7 July,all,AdonaiChai,"I loved the Sim City games, but after not playing them for years and finding this gem, I have to say that I love this game way more! The UI is nice and building is very fun.I like the look and feel of the game, and the music is pretty nice as well. If you love city building games, I'm sure you already have it; if not, give this one a go!"
,Recommended,255710,30743380,Posted: 25 March,all,KirA,"Spent hours in this game! There is so much you can do.Pro and con: I feel the game is mostly about traffic and managing which I like, some may not.Con: fps drops significantly at high populations. But what bothers me more is these weird long pauses that all vehicles (trains, cars, taxis, trams, metros) take after they initiate an action. I guess simulations of >100k vehicles really slows the game down even though fps is at 30."
,Recommended,255710,16701327,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MrMiyagi,"Without a doubt, the cause of endless hours of entertainment and creativity.Without a doubt, the cause of the utter destruction of your real-world social life.Resistance is futile.  Assimilate now."
,Not Recommended,255710,25316346,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Bambel,"Actually the game is perfect. Graphics, gameplay, idea, building meachanism etc. are great.But there is one gamebraker:Traffic.Want to spend hours building a nice city?Better prepare for hundred of hours testing how to build a proper traffic-town.Simple mechanics for traffic as used in real life are missing.Also the AI is very very limited on the road.Means: Building a 6-lane-road with 3 turn-lanes-right and still ALL cars will only use ONE Turn-Lane which causes huge traffic problems while a lot of lanes are empty..."
,Recommended,255710,16256313,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Wizard,This might just be the best city builder ever.
76561197971562765,Recommended,255710,30370884,Posted: 7 March,all,s_ikari2015,Great game for building interesting cities. Plenty of workshop support and it just seems to keep growing. Worth it.
76561198064534559,Recommended,255710,16873535,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Supershazbot,"One of my citizens complained that there wasnt enough garbage trucks, and that garbage was piling up around the neighbourhood.So i evicted his family, demolished his home, and built a brand new landfill right were his house once stood.This method worked so well that any and all who challenged my rule would have their homes bulldozed to the ground.10/10"
,Recommended,255710,18172684,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Bear,Amazingly good city simulation game. Recommended to anyone with even a light interest in the Genre. For the advanced players of City Sim games it offers many options for late game that can make or break your city. Plus it has a new Add-on featuring an active day night cycle. Will prove to be a good add-on I am sure.
,Recommended,255710,14912279,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Kveldulf,"This is the true city-simulator successor for this generation. The modding capabilities, districting, road laying mechanics and the large city sizes are some of the big plusses in my book. The down sides include the building and park placement mechanics and also the lack of ability to make farms with huge fields. Cities: Skylines is a new standard for future games of this genre despite some of its bugs and I hope to see what the developers and modders alike can do to make this game experience the best with today's gaming technologies.Totally worth paying full price."
,Recommended,255710,26188779,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,☭Joeymurphy100☭,Cities Skylines is a really fun gameYou can build so many different types of citiesIt is a complex game but once you get used to it you should be fineYou have to love being a noob at a really complex gameThey made so many different buildings which is good at least the buildings are not all the sameIf you like building cities i recommend this game
76561198353930492,Recommended,255710,31841944,Posted: 19 May,all,RGIrv3,"Pretty fun game, I'm playing on a 2015 Macbook Air and it plays alright on the lowest settings."
76561198014891334,Recommended,255710,14823693,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,jzoomba,"All the toilets backed up and the residents fled from their houses, it was glorious!!"
76561198351504779,Recommended,255710,29703161,Posted: 4 February,all,Alex,"Do you have a social life?Do you enjoy building games?Is your current life really good?Do you have friends?If any of those are yes, prepare to lose everything as you waste your little time on this sexy planet by carefully placing single trees in the exact location you need. Nitpicking the details of how many squares from your stadium your park should be. Creating the most octopus mimmicking roundabouts your twisted mind can come up with, and how the hell your gonna fix that GOSH DARN TRASH ISSUE.10/10 For Quality2/10 For Social Life"
,Recommended,255710,14837895,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,_Um4d_,Remoting in to my Desktop to play at work.10/10 would risk my job again.
76561198021659761,Recommended,255710,24005276,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Trumper,"Feeling Different.-Unlock ElectroDam-Destroy entire city with 50,000+-Build 2 Dams within 100ft of each other in river-Let water disipate-Build prosperous city in canyon-1,000 people move in-People mad over nothing-Can't figure out why-Can't make people happy-Destroy both dams and only road out-*Quick  breathe through nose*-City is flooded-Population has no change-People are walking under water-Happiness goes up over 90%-Massive fire takes out the city under water-People died-By fire10/10 will flood city, just to watch it burn again"
76561197984102768,Recommended,255710,14898099,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,#KedZee,It's possible to empty a cemetery.10/10 - Would move the evidence again.
,Recommended,255710,15201411,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,lemon ed,"This game is what SimCity 5 should have been. It is a great base game, complimented by excellent modding support. If you have ever been interested in the city management genre, or just want to try something different, I wholeheartedly recommend that you buy this game.The base game has a few minor annoyances and can sometimes feel a bit empty and easy, but with mods and assets the game can feel complete and has a greatly expanded lifespan. Even now, so soon after launch, there are more than enough assets and mods, but I look forward to what the community will make in the future."
76561198023003091,Recommended,255710,25502520,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Pid,"I burnt out on Sim City 2000 back then, when it came out.I've had no intention to ever play a citybuilder game.Several came out over the years, newer Sim City versions and others (just search ""city"" here on steam).I tried those, too, but always convinced myself pretty quick that I couldn't stand the gameplay.And then, I've seen this gem. It's nothing new. It's full of references to the older titles.But it's implemented so clean and polished in every detail it's a blast to play!I'm having a very good time trying new things and the fun of the Sim City 2000 memories is back!"
76561198018892841,Recommended,255710,25493475,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,simonphillips4,hours of strategic fun
,Recommended,255710,34134748,Posted: 9 August,all,yanter👑,+Good graphics+A lot of sales+Workshop+DLC's+Huge place to build+You can design your own building in the game with such details-Bigger cities might crash your gameIt's the number 1 city building game !9.5/10
,Recommended,255710,28148664,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Brandeyn,"Fantastic Game,Add a good handful of mods and custom assets, and you can make some beautiful and amazing cities!"
76561198021400030,Recommended,255710,15651113,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,kevin,You'll wake up night in a cold sweat dreaming about roundabouts.
,Recommended,255710,34355633,Posted: 19 August,all,oddare,"Cities: Skylines is... ...Well, good.At the current 75% sale it's more than worth it, and even at its regular price it is almost a bargain.If you're into simulation and city-building, near puzzles at times, then City: Skylines is a great game. Throw in a couple DLCs and you can have plenty of time. It has a great replay value since there is always a ton of different tactics you can pull with multiple different maps.Easy workshop usage and a interface that lets even I edit the buildings.Cities: Skylines is a definite recommendation."
,Recommended,255710,14861056,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Literaze,"It was a blast from the past which sets the new standard on the city building genre. I believe that it was called Cities: Skylines for a reason. The usage of plural noun, in this case 'cities' instead of 'city' really lives up its name. Literally, the available space is big enough to make multiple cities. Thus, put the title alone, this game beats its 'singularity'-ish predecessors.Enuff Said, 11/10!"
76561198088546442,Recommended,255710,31055186,Posted: 9 April,all,A$hun,"TLDR THIS GAME EATS SO MUCH TIME BUT ITS WORTH ITCities Skylines was recommended to me by a friend who saw me play sim city. He told me this game is much better and had way more content in it. So i checked it out and never looked back.The game in itself is so warm, the soundtrack is so calm and relaxing, this game is definitly a game you would like to play just to mellow out. Gameplay wise; it is a sandbox in which you are able to realize your greatest City desires, seriously the creative of the community is so unreal.Once you're done with the base game, you can move onto the DLCs, whilst i don't own them personally, i have played them and found them to be super enjoyable. However they are not neccessary because you still get alot for your money's worth.Beware this game consumes alot of time, its so enjoyable and 1 hour feels like 10 minutes."
,Recommended,255710,15271933,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,ass goblin™,"City so good the highway's backed up for miles. 10/10 My traffic sucks, this games great"
,Recommended,255710,31813717,Posted: 17 May,all,Bright,I've always watched youtube videos on this game and I love playing it even more. I'm studying to be and Civil Engineer and I love the aspect of creating my own city.
76561197999188337,Recommended,255710,34108018,Posted: 8 August,all,varmounth,Way better than Sim City 2013. I owned this game but didnt play it until recently and I had to buy all the expansions for it. Love this game like i did the old SimCity games.
,Not Recommended,255710,21931358,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,L4Z0R,"This game if of high quality. Smooth, pretty, intuitive. BUT: There is one downside with this game, and it's big enough that I would not recomend it:The game is so easy it becomes meaningless and boring. There is absolutely no chance you wil go bankrupt, and making everyone in your city happy is trivial. Then what's the point?EDIT: I realize that the game might be a challenge to people that either have no experience with city simulators, or know absolutely nothing about traffic engineering or city planning. If you do, however, the game becomes trivial, and more about making the ""perfect"" city than about making a functioning city."
,Not Recommended,255710,21574118,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Iron Angel,"I will start off with saying that I can't recommend this game. Which is a shame.It just isn't a finished product in my opinion. You will get something that resembles a release ready product if you choose to use the Workshop and download assets and mods. This will however prove to be an unwise decision as when a new DLC+patch comes, you can most likely say goodbye to your city. You will at least have a very hard time getting it to run like it did the day before said content was released.Many are praising the game for its water dynamics, I won't. Actually I think the water is really bad. Build a dam? The water will have none of that and start flowing upstreams just to get away from it. I would had been excited over the water if you could add streams when creating maps in the editor. Like drawing a stream with a special tool to tell the water which direction to go and intensity.Let's talk about powerplants.There are seven of them to choose from, two of which are windpower and two which you most likely will never use. Those two would be the dam and the solar power plant. The dam is useless because of how water functions in the game, no it is not me that is incompetent. I have done a lot of testing in the editor to try and get it right for a dam, and honestly it is such a pain to get it to work that you are better off just plopping down windpower or any of the rest. Even the solarplant would be better. Nice clean energy to power your city, right? No. Nighttime was added to the game, and for some reason in the universe this game plays out in, they have not invented any method to store generated extra power. So when the darkness falls, there will be no tv watching or showering for your cims, as the plant produces 0 energy for the duration of the night.Did you read somewhere that they where introducing weather in the newest DLC+patch? Did you also hear them saying that the weather was cosmetic? Well...it isn't. Apparently the ""cosmetic"" fog will block out the sun and lower the effeciency of your solar plant. ""Cosmetic"" rain will make the temperatures drop so your cims use more power to heat their homes. Doesn't really sound that cosmetic, does it?All that is fine, this is what happens in real life with weather, but the cluelessness of the publisher stating obvious wrong facts in interviews is not. So with the nighttime and fog, you might just want to skip that solar power plant.The AI in the game is horrible. I am sure you have heard about it on forums and such. The cars will force themselves into one or two lanes instead of using the full potential of the roads. Emergency vehicles will patiently keep behind the other drivers and so on.Another thing that is quite annoying is the complete lack of developer presence on the game's forums here on Steam. In my opinion, if you choose to release a game on Steam you should also be bothered with the big community it will gather there. I think that the sole reason for Cities: Skylines ""success"" is that people where desperate after something else after being let down by Simcity: 2013.If you decide to buy this game you will get some fun out of it at the beginning, but you will with no doubt get more and more annoyed later on when finding more and more stuff in the game that simply does not work, or works in a very odd way.Defender of the devs need not comment about this and that, if this is the best game in the world for you and everything works like a charm then go and make a positive review and enjoy your game."
76561197974927402,Recommended,255710,14894199,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,CNN is Isis,"Great game, will lose many hours in it. Finally, I can build a giant city with neighborhoods.What SC2013 should have been, for half the price. No brainer.10/10 would bang."
,Recommended,255710,17452644,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,biodtox,I can make people drink poop water.
76561198055217012,Recommended,255710,16611570,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Uncombustible Lemon,"One of the best city building games of all time in my opinion. I've gotten more time out of this than Simcity as a whole (in the same span of time) and I still love it. Great workshop compatibility, graphics, and mechanics. Some things could definitely be improved but I feel like the workshop is already on all of that. WAY better than any other equivalent. Also, I can't believe this game is made in Unity! Doesn't run that well on larger cities but is still runs better than any other city builder. It actually simulates everthing, the roads are way better, huge maps, resources, much better traffic AI than other games (not to say that you can just draw grids everywhere and not expect traffic, you still have to use a 6-4-2 method). Roads tools are great and fun and aesthatically appealing."
,Recommended,255710,14831690,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,boris grishenko,The best city builder since Sim City 4.
76561198043699705,Recommended,255710,15202314,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,MidniteJemz,"I sadly purchased the last simcity game and hated myself for the fact that i had done this after spending time playing it. You will not get that feeling playing this. It took a little while for me to get used to it, but i am glad i have as this is my go to whilst tv watching etc. And plus i can now get rid of that crappy origin account and cleanse myself of ea's clutches of online only play :)"
76561198314920522,Recommended,255710,30369198,Posted: 7 March,all,morusiwo,"This is the best city builder created. The traffic simulation is beyond what I ever expected from a game like this, the modding possibilities are endless and it simply never gets boring. A must-have for any city builder enthusiast."
76561198047449391,Recommended,255710,20551700,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,PeteMcTavish,"First time review but felt compelled to about this game. If you are a fan of the whole tycoon, city building genre then Cities SKylines is for you.The support of the product through the workshop is like a treasure trove filled with replica buildings, unique designs and detailed assets which allow you to craft almost anything you can imagine within your city.The mods can be a little bit frustrating and dangerous to your save games but handled correctly (I'd highly recommend reading about the mods you are thinking about using in the workshop before downloading any) they add even more oppotunities to develop the gameplay, fixing minor frustrations and adding more simplitic and unique controls.If you are new to the genre then this is an excellent game to start from. Great value, it was only £22 when it first came out, and an even better workshop, this gane will suck you in for hours."
76561198303903645,Recommended,255710,31876155,Posted: 20 May,all,schrojd,"The problem with this game is that you really need a lot of mods for it to look any good and play in a way that is entertaining. In my opinion, it would have been wise if the developers had made buildings that looked more realistic as base buildings and less garish, then fewer mods would be required. Now, however, with each update I find that with about 200 assets/mods downloaded, one will always corrupt my files. This is so very annoying, I feel as though I waste my many hours given to this game if it all gets corrupted. And the answer isn't as simple as ""don't play with mods."" Quite honestly, the game is pretty much crap without mods. It's flat and lackluster as it isn't much more than boring and repetative tasks with few rewarding acheivements (buildings and the like) or gameplay progression. Frankly, a rework of the base buildings pack is in order. We've seen what this game capable of - meet that expectation Paradox. All things considered I have definitely enjoyed many hours of this game (500 hours or something crazy) - I'm a pretty devoted fan, but I'm starting to feel dissapointed. Haven't tried it yet, but the Mass Transit expansion seems like a great move. Regardless, the game is worth a try. If you find you don't like it in the first hour, return it, but if you play more than that then I guarantee you'll get your moneys worth."
76561198006489992,Recommended,255710,14846929,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Captain Australia,"What the hell am I doing here when I should be tending to my city ?!!RIght now, buildings are burning !  My little cottage farm industry is haemmorhaging money !  Barry Cruddup, the unemployed artist, is struggling to feed his common-law wife and gaggle of five children !Sorry, I gotta go !!!!!(And if you're sitting on the fence, buy the game, it's GREAT)"
,Recommended,255710,17278049,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,tieio,"This is an exceptionally straight forward game, very much dumbed down. Your control in what develops is very limited but the game is very beautiful and the flow is quite nicely. In all, this is a very good city building game but certainly lacks any element of micromanagement. Not everyone enjoys micromanaging everything so perhaps this was done on purpose but I enjoy depth. I would recommend this game overall and enjoyed my playthrough."
,Not Recommended,255710,35210097,Posted: 25 September,all,Ewap,"I'm going to be brutally honest here..I never understood the praise for this game developer. I love this game; it’s a little bit more flexible than most city builders out there. But, Its dumb how overpriced the DLC content is and how little it brings to the game. From the release of this game I’ve seen constant praise for (not really so much the game) the developer of Cities Skyline, I have to wonder what's going on? If a company like EA did something like this to their game (which they have) people would be screaming bloody murder.To be honest I kinda get it, good developers are hard to come by. But a company that gives you one new building for $15 is not a good company. That’s a company that is trying to imitate the most hated company in America, EA.Now don't get me wrong, the game is incredibly fun, but with all the overpriced DLC the game has out right now if you refuse to buy any of it like me, you will end up missing out on a lot of important game changing features. They need to combine all the DLC they have, and release it with a 10-15 dollar price tag. The game is not worth all the money you need to put into it for so little content. That's why I can't recommend it right now.It's funny to me how the new Sim City did this and died a horrible death. But only recently have people started to catch on to this developer and see just how much they are milking their EXTREMELY loyal fan base. I hate to see it. I hope they correct the situation soon."
,Recommended,255710,14824989,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Niklas47,"Considering the success of Cities In Motion, I had high hopes for this game.Boy, was I wrong...This game is absolutely amazing. It runs really well, looks good and looks to have great modding potential in future. Little details like the water backing up behind a dam, swaying electricity wires etc make this game look fantastic. It's everything that SimCity should've been and more.The towns look small when you first start, but be rest assured you can grow a city up to 6x6km in a Prison Architect style land purchasing method. This is pretty much rivalling Cities XL in terms of raw city size.Overall, 10/10"
,Recommended,255710,14946975,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,٨ήģεỈ,A giant Frak You to EA. Such a strong and amazing start to this game with thousands of mods already and guaranteed long term support. This game can only get better =D
76561198027786099,Recommended,255710,15340940,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Mothling,"Brought the game, awesome.Created my first city, wow this game looks good.Managed the city's need of water with water tanks, check check and check.Got a population of +8000.Suddenly my citizens got sick, not good.Bodies piled up in and out of cementaries, oh noes.Saw that my water tanks were on pollutred land, well that explains some things.Tried to relocate said water tanks, got no money to do it.More people dying in their own poo, nasty.Went bankrupt because medical attention burned my reserves, with no use.Made -12k $ per month.Nearly 90% of my population died, only 1k over and still dying.Deleted city to start all over.maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan it's good to be mayor!Now for the real review:Cities: Skylines is an awesome. It got all benefits a city builder needs and even more (modding and creating your own props and buildings).I am a gamer who mainly loves MMO's, FPS and 3rdPS. But damn son this game made me nearly lose my job because I forgot the time while playing. If you want to destroy your life (and that of your own city's citizens) buy this game.Pros:+ Highly detailed city, buildings, props, citizens- god everything looks amazing.+ Close-up camera. Stalk your favourite citizen through the whole city.+ Many types of services such as water and sewerage management, medical and fire management and lots more.+ Unique buildings you can unlock and build by fulfill different in-game challenges.+ No moneygrabbing, DLC greedy, ""you need to be always online and connected to Origin""-EA+ Challenging gameplay. If you make a mistake (like I did; read above) your city goes down hill very fast.+ Nice sound effects if you go up-close.+ Taxes!!!! Whooooooho!+ Workshop support and an editor for own creations.Cons:- Nothing. The game is awesome!- Wait- Hmmm- *rubs chin and tries to think*- *scratches head while thinking, multitasking op*- Ah got it- Game needs a day and night cycle with lights and suchTL; DR: Game got no EA so buy it."
76561198125029925,Recommended,255710,23415923,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,<\[Bar_Code]/>,"I can say without playing sim city that this is one of the most accurate city sims out therepros:- it's visually appealing- it comes at half the price of sim city!- Frame rates are low, but managable- you can point out individual things like people, animals, and cars and check stats or change stats- Controls are easy- allows for steam community creations- the developers are bug fixing the game regularlycons:- directions are a bit vague- lack of explanation for each problem- no city disasters like floods or tornados- some situations are played out to easilyI would give it a solid 8.7I think it would be a good tool for real city builders!"
76561198111817358,Recommended,255710,21292070,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Cmnd Schmock,Let me fix this road....10 hours later....done!
,Not Recommended,255710,34537810,Posted: 27 August,all,Player8,"The game seems unfinished, Once you build your city you start looking for DLC.ALL the DCL should be in the game as one package. the base game is so empty and the DEVS are ripping the whole comminty off!appart from that i am addicted to this game and my wallet is now empty!"
76561198115024685,Recommended,255710,26320490,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,carlos5136,"Absolutely recommended, excellent graphics, deep managing, awesome day/night landscapes, almost endless opportunities, the greates managing/city builder/simulation game i've ever played"
,Recommended,255710,27741454,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SSC | KittenPrincess,"Best city building game! I've played all sim city games and they aren't that good as this one, so if you don't have it yet and you like sim city games, you like to be a mayor, you like to build and to manage a city, then this is a must have for you, amazing game."
76561197999589098,Not Recommended,255710,21378930,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,FrozenNorth,"I'll keep this short:Every good thing you've heard about this game is true. It's good.But...I had a bunch of huge intricate cities, then the after dark update killed them (no they weren't modded). I made another huge beautiful city, and the snowfall update killed it (still no mods).I've had enough."
76561198012074300,Recommended,255710,31323807,Posted: 23 April,all,KeepAwake,"Excellent game.  I agree with LGR from Youtube: this is the true successor to SimCity 4 etc.  I've never played SimCity 5, but this feels just like #4 and SimCity 2000 but with a modern design and graphics.  It's simple, intuitive and smooth to build and plan with.  I almost (but not always) understand what is going on with my city and where the problems are and what I need to do next.I recommend this game if you LOVE city builders, and if not, then get this when it's on sale if you think you'd enjoy just 20+ hours in a city building sim."
,Recommended,255710,16975257,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Jeff @Яev9Gaming,"Finally!! Thank you Colossal! Thank you Paradox! The empty void in my life since Simcity3000 has finally benn fullfilled. I recomend this game to the entire universe. Sure it needs tweeks here and there, but the support is great and the workshop has an astronomical cornucopia of treats. Runs smoothly with 81 tilies on full throtle with my I7 / Nvidea 740M-4gb / RAM 8gb7/10"
,Recommended,255710,35244462,Posted: 27 September,all,Didididew,Man! I got this game for a year and it's great. Still play this everyday. DLCs are expensive but hey I can wait for a discount. I played vanilla for many months and still have a very good time!
,Recommended,255710,14831449,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Valdier,"This is the game SimCity and Cities XXXXXXXXXXL should have been. It's smooth, it plays well and there are a ton of options."
,Recommended,255710,14831659,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,DreamRJ,"This Game, What can I say, well its much much better in soo many ways compared to SimCity, and what makes it better is the fact mods are supported from the start, and the UI is easy to get used too, there is some minor issues I have come across and my game crashed twice, but it isnt my rig, cos I have a geforce 750 TI windforce GPU.It is smooth and doesnt lag, the visuals are not as good as SimCity, but that doesnt bother me because what can be done in this game just makes the graphics side not matter to me as much.I will need more playtime to have a more realistic opinion on the game, but so far soo good, I recommend that people should buy this game, it is worth the money, The developers deserve it too. :)I will be doing a series of Videos for this game too, check them out on my youtube channel :)First Video Link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEG8GICVHX8- Youtube Channel -https://www.youtube.com/user/TheRJDreamer/- Twitter -https://twitter.com/Dream_RJ- Blog -http://dreamrj.blogspot.co.uk/Second VIdeo Link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrKOcToVoLoThird VIdeo Link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyah6nhrTVE"
,Recommended,255710,15061397,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Ruedragon,Best game ive played in 2015!
76561198013625229,Recommended,255710,15371767,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Durka,I just want to take a second to say that this game is great.I would only recommend this if you have strong relationships with your family and employer and a hardy grasp on impulse control. Because if you do not it might be a month before your next shower.
,Recommended,255710,25576862,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,BlueNightfury,"The game is great and all, but Its not at all optimized for Low end PC players. I always seem to have to stop playing the game after abit due to how bad it is; my PC also lags like crazy after shutting it down. I wish I could experience the better but for now I want to say its not great for those with potatoes."
,Recommended,255710,24503475,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Spokay skary pleb,10/10 would 6 fps on Intergrated Graphics Again
,Recommended,255710,32167459,Posted: 3 June,all,oTb_Ghost,This is a great city builder game with a lot of depth for endless options.
,Recommended,255710,14888464,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,UTZ|OziOn,This is the city builder I've been waiting for.
,Recommended,255710,15066675,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,WindowsBot,I only got Cities: Skylines a few days back and have allready played alot of it. The game has good graphics and runs well on my computer. I love the customization of it letting you zone specific areas. My world save has an airport and cargo handling facilites! I recommend this game to anyone *Worth the price*
,Recommended,255710,14825630,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,GameDragon,MEGA!!!!SC5 killer!!!viva Paradox ladies!all best things from SC4 + new features!
,Recommended,255710,23012716,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Larry the Cucumber,*install SimCity 4 soundtrack mod.*Start having an emotional breakdown from nostalgic times.I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. 10/10
,Recommended,255710,14833975,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Domino,Just remember kids. If you can run a city in this game you can run a city in real life.
,Not Recommended,255710,32606878,Posted: 20 June,all,MetaPixel_,"Seriously paradox, why are you raising your game's price? not cool... i'm not going to buy any more games or dlc from this publisher from now on.You can see the price changes herehttps://steamdb.info/app/255710/Some currencies got more expensive, othes are still the same. I would really like some explanation about why this happend. mine is brazilian real"
76561198032745143,Recommended,255710,14857741,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Nyktos,"I've never felt the need to review a game before, as I tend to play casually and don't really have much to add, but given the enjoyment I'm getting from this game I felt I needed to review.The game, for me, is simply what the SimCity series should have evolved into - it's intuitive, whilst still requiring brain power to plan your city (everything from where the buses stop, tax rates and budget, right down to putting trees next to roads to reduce noise pollution) - the biggest selling point however is the available real estate to build on, which I feel has been sorely lacking in recent city building games.  You start with a fairly decent sized square of land and can expand this out into a sprawling metropolis - giving you the satisfaction of seeing your efforts bloom into a real ""city"" rather than just an increasily busy, small square.Others have covered far more in-depth than I have - but from my point of view, as a casual player who likes to dip and out of the game, slowly building up a city that I can see previous efforts and decisions continue to impact, the game is an absolute winner.Highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,255710,25741450,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,GG =(,"Cities: Skylines is a city builder developed by Colossal Order, the guys who were responsible for making the Cities in Motion series, and published by Paradox Interactive, and I have to say this is hands down the best city builder we’ve ever had on Steam .The size of the game is astonishing, by default the game features a 36km^2 map which is almost ten times the size of the map we’re given in SimCity 2013, and with the help of mods from the Steam Workshop, this can be expanded to a mind boggling 100km^2. Even though there are no interactions between cities that are on different maps, it is frankly not necessary, with the help of the powerful yet easy to use building tool, you can build multiple cities on a single map.Despite its humongous size, the developers paid close attention to details, in fact, detail is the word I’ll use to describe this game. From the entire traffic network, down to individual citizens, every aspect in Cities: Skylines are properly simulated. You’ll find lorries, colour coded depending on what they are currently carrying, delivering their cargoes to their designated factories, citizen actually living in a permanent home, and ambulances rushing to accident scenes, then little paramedics will get out of their vehicle, and few seconds later return with a patient on a stretcher.I also love how water works in this game as well as the fluid physics, it is completely unnecessary to have it in a city builder but in this case it has added so much more to the experience. Water has currents and flows, so you'll want to pump water on the upstream and set up sewage pipes on the opposite end, else you’ll start pumping polluted sewage water back into the system. You can even drain a lake dry completely, or accidentally flooding your city because you demolished a dam, playing with water has never been so fun.This is a city builder perfected, and with the support of Steam Workshop, further enriched by the endless creativity of the community. Cities: Skylines is a must buy for anyone who has the slightest interest in city builders."
,Recommended,255710,14825458,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,KhALiDR,i may not played alotbut had to say thatthis an epic game its really coolthe road system the water the biiiiiig land and you can buy more 9 landseverything in this game is epicthoits not easy to play you have to start one by one dont rush ! its not like simcity build fast and everything will come fast no no nothere alot who played more then 69 hour in twitch tv and they just reached 400k popso you need to be careful about how to build your cityanyway if you dont buy  this gamebuy it now! i recommend this gameP.S For Developer:- if you read this i want to say thx for this game <3 but in the same time dont let the happy make you stop update the gamealways update make new DLC try to make the game better and better and we all gonna support you on this
,Recommended,255710,14923795,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Novalisk,"Legalized Marijuana in all my Districts, 4/20 will blaze it again."
76561198067126026,Recommended,255710,15036414,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Darkstorm,"Social Life or Cities Skylines?Cities Skylines every damn time, who needs friends"
,Recommended,255710,14981329,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,cavoeboy,"Thank you for making this game. I was sick of EA and the not having of space to build my city in SimCity.I will love you forever.Now if you excuse me, IM GOING TO PLAY THIS GAME :D"
76561198024869970,Recommended,255710,14840612,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Galestorm,"I've played a lot of city builders in my time but I can honestly say that City Skylines is the city builder game that I have waited years for. It's such a smooth game to play. It runs like a throughly tested, well polished game. The vibrant colors and excellent soundtrack in the game instantly puts me in the mood to build my dream city. The game tools provides one with an abundance of creativity. So much so that I felt overwhelmed with all that I am able to do. I'm only limited by my imagination not the game mechanics which is awesome! Some of my favorite aspects of the game is the simulated people, yes folks each little pixlated person is an indivisual in City Skylines! I love the water dynamics and how they can create a challenge which adds to gameplay and not take away from it. I love all of the transportation options with more types promised in the future. I love the soundtrack and if I had only one regret, it was not getting in on that pre-order offer to get it.  But what I love most, is the potential of this game through the modding community. This game is built with modding in mind. Can you imaging the many props and gameplay mods that will flow from the talented modders for this game? I can hardly wait, and guess what? The modders are already making assets and gamemods for Cities as you read this. I honestly can't praise this game enough. If you are interested in City Builders and you've been burned by other games, look no further. Cities will most likely satisfy everything you've ever wanted in a city builder game. I whole heartily reccommend City Skylines.  :)"
,Recommended,255710,24159239,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,OWL,"This is one of the games that you don't regret after you paid. The Dev Crew was small and they did not expect this accomplishment. Now they are growing! and if there is any plan to make the Cities:Skylines 2, I bet it will be much better than this.Now let's take a closer look to the features, pros & cons;PROSGame allows you to create your own maps, map themes, assets, mods and color corrections(LUTs). -Workshop Support-Dynamic water system by water source spawn points for rivers. -So you'll be able to build dams, water pumps and purification facilities.Free updates are satisfying.-I do not reccommend you to buy DLCs for few features-Road Tools are good enough. -such as 'straight', 'curve', 'Free-form', 'upgrade/degrade'-Natural Resources -coil ore, fossil oil, fertile land-Dynamic Wind -affected by height and sea-Day/night cycleIn-game landscaping options and decorations.Auto import-export according to the needs.Functional harbors & train stations for each, tourism and industry.CONSYou can fix lots of the problems that listed below with assets and mods from workshop but each one of em will reduce your game's performance cuz they re not vanilla featuresDevs did not reseach and observe good enough about roads, city planning, buildings, textures and colors.(ie: minimum bridge height is 12mts -Without crossing the lamps of the road under the bridge- etc)Road types are not enough. - Road junction angles are too big (min:45 degrees) - Road transitions are too sharp/short between large and small roads. - No merged road ramps. - Bumpy bridges upon water.Building zoning sizes are the same for low and high density unlikely Cities XL (max: 4x4 units = 32mtsx32mts)Building textures and models are not so realistic -some of em a little bit futuristic-Building types are not enough.Surface polycount of the landscape is not enough to detail it.Too saturated and low quality textures.Hope it helps. Have Fun."
,Recommended,255710,18174500,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Emp. Megurine Luka,"Awesome game!Gameplay 8/10Graphics 9.9/10 (best graphics ive seen in a non shooting/adventure game)Content 6/10 lacks a bit short here.. all the maps sort of feel the same, But theres nice maps on the workshopMy only big critisim of this game is that i feel like im just doing the same thing over and over again. lacks challenges."
76561198030911793,Recommended,255710,14825487,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Torgduvan,"Finnaly, for us city building nerds that are still waiting for Sim City 5 (don't even mention the garbage EA produced a couple of years ago), the wait is over! It is what Sim City 5 should have been. With a modest price tag of only 27.99 euros, it is just awesome. Sure, there are still things to improve, but given the quality of the first release, it looks promising."
,Recommended,255710,15534387,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Deady,"Technically it is an impressive city simulation, you will have fun building stuff and watching your city grow.  But after the initial wow factor, I am finding it rather shallow in terms of challenge.  There are a lot of tax tweaking options but i've never had to touch them, I have a very healthy income whatever I do.  Where are the problems faced by mayors?  People are asking for help on how to get the crime rate above 50% achievement - this shouldn't be something people need help with, it should be easy to make happen just through bad city management.  I wish my doctors would go on strike, or that a riot would happen, or that schools demanded a bigger budget.  Even the wind reducing a bit during certain seasons would give me a challenge because my city is powered 100% by clean wind power.  Skylines just makes running a city seem too easy.I hope this initial release is kind of a ""here it is, be creative and build things"" and that future expansions will add some extra layers that start to challenge us."
,Recommended,255710,15017458,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Dolly,Ruined my life.
76561197983851182,Recommended,255710,25775377,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,SiRJOMBiE,What SimCity should have been. Period.
,Recommended,255710,22879060,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Rodinhas,"It definitely worths it's price. Very complete and detailed game.The fun and the interest in the game are guaranteed, but it can make you a bit upset when everything is ok with your city and in 5 minutes, the traffic, the lack of electricity or sewage can make you lose everything.Also the DLC's are very nice and valuable for the game but a bit too overpriced in my opinion."
,Recommended,255710,32896845,Posted: 27 June,all,Zeramy,This game is the best of the best city-builder game I have ever played.You know Sim City? There is a lot of things you can't do and this game nailed it.You will become a great Mayor and bloom a metropolitan city!=== 9/10 ===
,Recommended,255710,24098168,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sponge Platinum,"I've never played a city simulation game before, but this one is apparently considered one of the best, and I had fun playing it.You can be anally involved in the tiniest details of traffic organization, or spend the entire game in god-view 1000ft above the city. At first you will mess up and make rookie mistakes in city planning, but helpful tutorials and obnoxious pop-up messages will have you learning quickly. There is a downside to being successful though. For the end game buildings (Monuments), you must build a variety of Unique Buildings, half of them only being awarded to you for being bad at the game. For example; high unemployment, massive trash buildup,  high crime, poor health, and many abandoned buildings. You must deliberately ruin your city to get these last buildings, which sucks. The rest of the buildings however, are simply unlocked from population checkpoints.When you're not worrying about handicapping your city, you'll be scratching your head on how to solve the various problems that crop up, two examples being trash and pollution. See, citizens need trash services, but these buildings only cover a very small area, and create pollution. Thus, you have trash burning facilities inside the neighborhood- which cause people to get sick from the pollution. No matter how many Health services you have near the area, people still get sick and die, and there's nothing to fix it other than by creating gaps where nobody lives. Now mind you, mods can fix these inconsistences, but the devs punish you for using any mods by locking you out from earning achievements entirely.In conclusion, Cities:Skylines is a competent and fun city sim. It has some problems, many of which can be fixed by mods, but in doing so you are not allowed to earn achievements. The progression in end-game is flawed, but the rest of the game is steady and engaging.Also, apparently the Deluxe Edition doesn't come with ANY of the DLC."
76561197997748612,Recommended,255710,24899778,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,1stGenGamer,"If you are a control freak with a little bit of tweeker, this is the game for you. I have played other city builders but this one seems so much better. It's been along time since a game kept me up all night. Downloaded it, started a new city, next thing I know the sun is coming up! Good thing I did this on a weekend lol. Anyway, get it! you wont regret it.Qualifier: I have not played a city building game for a few years. So I have nothing to compare the level of complexity too. However, I still like this game."
,Recommended,255710,28732755,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MinecraftWhiz,"Cities: Skylines is a great city simulation game. In this game you enjoy to take your time and not speed up the time, unlike SimCity where you always speed up. It has more land too. Also, it has much more features which makes it realistic. The modding community is great and active. One downside is that there is no multiplayer in this game. The developers of the game know what they are doing and reach out into there community."
,Recommended,255710,14850537,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,FrontRUSSIAN,This game helps me forget all the disappointment that sim city 5 has bringed to me.
,Recommended,255710,19443573,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,DoctorGooch,>Make a city>Name it Detroit cause Detroit vs Everybody>Make a booming industrious city that succeeds for many years>Make a fantastic schooling system>Educated people don't want to work in factories so they get angry>Construct ghettos to fuel industry>Ghettos become slums>Industry falls apart>Ghettos spread>Rich people leave>Ghettos take over city>Welcome to Detroit
,Recommended,255710,23033014,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Kbredeson [TC],Made a city in a lowland areaBuilt a canal into itGradually flooded it with sewage10/10
,Recommended,255710,14845076,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Elaine,The TRUE successor of next generation city builders.
76561198025582931,Recommended,255710,14896473,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,palidine40,"It's 2k, Plus Graphics, Plus some extra complicated stuff, Plus more futuristic yummy things. I love it."
76561198015255364,Recommended,255710,14900513,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,DerSalinatör,Its a modern Sim City 4 with good mod support. What else do you need?
,Recommended,255710,33230405,Posted: 4 July,all,PsychoPat,"Best builder ever, i've torrent it years back played a lot, buy the game played a lot, will soon buy all dlc and play a lot.ENJOY FELLAS"
,Recommended,255710,14841086,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,fisk,Imagine Simcity 2013 in an alternate universe where Will Wright is still at Maxis and EA doesn't milk their subsidiaries to death
,Recommended,255710,16925673,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Solorvox,"Very nice city building game.  A bit more on the casual side, but with a very nice style and feeling.  It tends to be more of a traffic simulator at times.  Like the fact they get only want to use one lane out of six on wide streets is a real letdown.  But the rest of the game is good enough you can overlook that.  I really hope the devs patch that in the near future.I give it 8/10 (would be higher if they fix traffic)"
,Recommended,255710,23375669,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Dandude979,"Pros:ReplayabilityGood GraphicsGood AI trafficMods and assets on Steam workshopAchievmentsSteam Trading CardsCons:Too many citizens become sickWhen you get to over 20,000 people nobody wants to move inEverybody dies because of noise pollutionSometimes hospitals and fire stations don't work"
,Recommended,255710,14828739,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,PorkAndGames,"Finally, a city simulator that has everything we want and nothing we don't.  This game captures the essence of what has been missing in the genre since the days of SimCity 4 (though 3000 has always been my favorite).  The districting tool is fantastic and adds a new element that really makes your city yours.  The city details are every bit as good as SimCity 5, but the game is smooth as silk, and the maps are far larger and even more visually appealing.   No stupid patches every time I log in or online always requirements here.  I cannot wait to see what the community is going to create for this game.  The only negative I see is that sometimes there are mismatches between building names and what they look like (e.g. a laminate floor factory is named ""Burger World"" etc.).  The interfaces are intuitive and slick, and the city progression will keep any gamer interested in pursuing city growth to higher and higher limits for days if not weeks.  Nice work here all around.  This game is being added to the favorite stack."
,Recommended,255710,14827545,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,✪ Gravevento,Even the SIMulated City achievement is enough to play the game.Brilliant.
76561197964232046,Not Recommended,255710,28082275,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rainbow Droid,"Dear Paradox/Colossal Order,Today marks the 6th time in two years you have arbitrarily ruined all my savegames without warning, and I'm never buying another one of your games.Every update you do this, every update forum threads complaining about it are everywhere, every update you make excuses and do damage control to cover up the fact that you do not care about us, your customers. You're perfectly happy to continue milking this game dry with irrelevent patches and pay DLC that many of us do not even want to touch in any way whatsoever. I've rebuilt my mod set 5 times now simply becauseyouwanted to update the game without warning and give me no option not to update... and I'm never dealing with this nonsense again. Never. The fact that Paradox hasn't stepped in and forced you to use the Betas tab (like they and any other sane developer supporting mods does) tells me they deserve just as much blame as you.This situation has never been acceptable and it's an insult that it still goes on today.I regret buying Cities Skylines a bunch of times for friends, and even supporting you this far. If I could get a refund for all the wasted time and frustration I've had simply trying to enjoy the game I paid for,I would in an instant.I always wanted to love Cities Skylines, but you refused to let me. For that, I hate you.Signed,an ex-fan"
,Recommended,255710,22331360,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Gennady Golovkin,"This is the best city builder ive ever played, it got very little flaws and destroys♥♥♥♥♥♥City.But their is one flaw i counter while playing.THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME CRASHING AT THE END OF YOUR 10 HOUR SESSION FORCING YOU TO START FROM ♥♥♥♥ING SCRATCH. (Please input a optional auto save in the options)If you ever buy this please search on the workshop for a autosave mod or you will suffer like me"
,Recommended,255710,28242909,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,[FP] rann @ OPSkins.com,"I haven't been able to sit down and play a city sim in a long time.  All the ones that I actually like are pretty dated, and the older UIs usually prevent me from having any fun.  Cities Skylines is different.  Most the strategy comes from road building where traffic is your major enemy.  This makes prudent planning vitally important and means you can kind of skip over the micro-managing (if you wish, but there are plenty of options too).  I've spent hours in a sandbox-city with infinite money just designing highway interchanges and had fun doing it!The game is beautiful, and with the workshop integration the possibilities are endless.  I'd recommend this to any city builder fan."
,Recommended,255710,14838996,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Silent Snow,"Do you remember being excited by the SimCity remake? That feeling of ""wow this is going to be great, a modern take on city building""? Do you remember the sheer disappointment that was experienced when you discovered that you not only had to queue for hours after purchasing the day, it was online only? EA at the time said it was because their Agenting System Glassbox was doing intricate calculations and that most PCs couldn't handle it. Of course, that turned out to be rubbish. Anyway, do you remember being locked down to your 2x2km area and wishing you didn't have to exit to the region and start a new city? With Cities: Skylines, Collosal draws upon those promises and excels. Building from their Transportation simulator, this game is the modern city builderthat you wanted. That isn't to say that it is perfect. There are stil some odd UI design choices and other input designs, but it does all those things that it was claimed SimCity couldn't do.  Today, I followed a citizen in a car. He was uneducated, and going home to his house in his district. He also had a dog. Then he went to work a convenience store. After work, he went back to the same address in the same car with the same dog. There is no slowdown in my experience, but I haven't built a huge city either. From what I can tell the game does provide a challenge and it also has that cool ""tilt-shift"" camera perspective that was used in SimCity.The game is gorgeous. Not only that but there is a terrain editor and an asset editor built in. For the money, you get a lot of value. Also there is still room for DLC! Special things no doubt which would only add to the game. Oh, did I mention that the game features left and right hand driving? I think there is also a multiplayer mode.With the asset editor you can build your own road configurations. So instead of just dragging out streets, You can just place predefined Streets. Want to build your own intersection? You can. Want to build your own park? You can do that as well! There is also SteamWorkshop from the start. You can download whatever you want. Built a cool map of London or Johannesburg? You can do that. Because while yes you are intiially restricted to 2x2km of building space, You can purchase more lots of land up to an official 6x6km map size. This is 3 times the size of SimCity Maps!The game contains so much more value than SimCities or Cities XL/XXL. You might think it would be very expensive, but the price is more than reasonable. In fact the devs could easily have charged twice, and I still would have gotten it.I am terrible at city builders, but needed to have an itch scratched. This game does juat that! Pick this game up today!"
76561197965282243,Recommended,255710,28114749,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hatch,"Cities: Skylinesis one of the best city builders out there.  In my opinion it's not the best but it's still very good.  Sim builders are subjective so this game may be very good for a player or boring depending on how you like to play builders.  The reason it doesn't appeal to me is because this game concentrates more onmanagementthan simply plotting down buildings.  There are some buildings and items you can plot down like DLC content, parks, emergency buildings, schools, water and power management, etc.  But skyscrapers, houses and other common buildings you can't pick from a menu and place it.  Most of the building area is managed by zoning off areas (residential, commercial, office, industry).  In other words, depending on how well you run your city will determine how many buildings and homes your city residents build.  If you don't have enough educated people or zoned neighborhoods then businesses will not build up.  If you don't have enough jobs people will move out.  If either one is neglected too long then buildings shut down and you have to demolish them to make your city appealing.  I will say that the road customization and mechanics of the game is pretty good.  Some of the DLCs look very impressive but I've not bought them.  The Natural Disasters DLC looks like it'd spice up the games some.In a nutshell:If you like city management and like the city to build itself then you'll love this game. If you like to pick buildings and other structures from a menu to place at your heart's desire and not worry so much about the management stuff I recommend Sim City from EA.Pros:Great city builderRoads cusomizations are on pointManagement - for those who like a challengeGood graphicsWorkshop itemsUnlimited money option - for those who just want to buildDLC contentSteam cloud save - if you get a new PC you'll be thankful for this!Cons:More of a management game, not enough picking structures from a list and freely placing them.Music could be better.Sometimes the game goes after you about one problem and it seems nothing fixes it.  For example, I felt like I had to keep building schools because my citizens were uneducated. After about a dozen schools I was done...just over it. And my city was still very small.  My first game had a similar problem, public health. Had to keep building more and more clinics.  This could be a problem without unlimited money turned on."
,Recommended,255710,14830031,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,StormyAaron,"For over ten years fans of city building games have been met with disapointed after disapointment for anything that tried to capture the greatness that was Sim City 4 (where by knonw as SC4). Sure you have Tropico and like games but they just are not the same, you are building an island nation, instead of zoning you are plopping everything down, much like Sim City Societies which flopped for that very reason (See the paragraph below).For ten years these fans have wonder though the wastelands waiting for a true sucessor to SC4, first came Sim City Societies but it was much like SIm Town, a game where you just placed everything down much to the distaste of anyone who wanted to zone the land and watch as the sims took up shop and resident in to the city. You also had the Cities X(X)L sersies (byNO WAY related to this game, the devs of this game made Cities in Motion). WHose frequent bugs, non working code, and failed promases time after time left a bitter taste in these fans mouths. The dev of Cities X(X)L have a habbit of just releasing the same game year after year full of the same bugs.Then you have SIm City 2013 (aka Sim City 5) This failure of a game was due to many reasons, the inability of EA knowing what made Sim City a sucessful and much loved sersies. Instead of sharing our creations with the world we had to now play againts the world (when it worked!) and always be online which was a ""tenchinal limitation"" (until it wasn't) The failure of the glassbox engine to actually simulate things outside of poop was also an issue (Those who are going to say it simulated more then that I know, I am making a point).So today brings us Cities: Skylines a phenox in the burt ashes of hopes and dreams. Even if the phenox is a circular blue bird who chirps out what sim..I mean cims are thinking it is still a job well done by CO. Although basic in many levels as opposed to SC4 it is a much needed refresh form this small studio, I expect many great things to come in updates, patches and DLC."
,Recommended,255710,14825838,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,akeela84,"Really the City-builder game everybody has been waiting for.In the beginning I had to get used to the basic movements, like how to rotate or go up and down with the camera. After a certain time that has been learned."
,Recommended,255710,14840784,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,cqdemal,"Start by imagining EA / Maxis' catastrophic 2013 edition of SimCity. Replace the entire broken simulation engine with something that actually works and scales well. Make the map bigger and massively expandable. Throw in a whole bucket of small ""why didn't anyone think of THAT before?"" features that aren't quite transformative but deliver enough of an impact to get you grinning ear to ear.Oh, and divide the launch price by two. Voila! You have Cities: Skylines.While this is not quite a genre-defining, groundbreaking upgrade over the 12-year-old SimCity 4 (it still lacks region play and inter-city trading), it manages to build on most of that legendary title's major milestones while also replicating almost entirely the presentational charms of its botched sequel. The game has its fair share of mild annoyances, most of which involve the way its massive piles of data are presented to the player, but it speaks volumes that one of its greatest issues is how difficult it is to praise it without comparing it to SimCity.Maxis is dead. Long live Colossal Order. A tiny studio from Finland (with a hilarious CEO) has accomplished a feat that previously eluded more illustrious development teams for more than a decade. Cities: Skylines is a must-buy for genre newcomers and SimCity veterans alike, and it will likely go down as an instant classic and the new high water mark for urban planning sims."
,Recommended,255710,18500600,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,rat,send help
76561198070860901,Recommended,255710,14825927,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,FastRate,The game Simcity 2013 tried to be
76561198151601243,Recommended,255710,25678321,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,NaZe Fiko,Good game even at 30 fps on a potato
,Recommended,255710,14825010,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Deathbox85,"As an avid fan of Simcity this very much reminds me of the good aspects of both Simcity 4 and Simcity (2013), I've not played mcuh yet but can tell its going to be a favourite!"
,Recommended,255710,20710984,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Rituro,"This is the gameSimCitywishes it could still be. Everything you wish a modern city sim could do,Cities: Skylinesdoes."
76561198305629821,Recommended,255710,24586561,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,tangello_,I'm obsessed.
,Recommended,255710,15006475,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Topperfalkon,"It's perhaps easy to see how Cities: Skylines has done so well, considering the failure SimCity 2013 was.I've played SimCity 2013 and Cities XL (not their latest iteration), but so far I consider Skylines to be a far better City Builder.SimCity got a hard rap for the online-only requirement, followed by a week of connectivity issues post-launch. The shame of this was that it detracted from an actually rather good simulator mixing challenges with creativity.Skylines has no multiplayer element, so likewise there are no weird online-only requirements. There are a bunch of available regions to start off in, each with differing amounts of available land and resources. When you start your game, you'll be presented with a highway connection and a basic guide to get you started, similar to other city builders. The game unlocks more tools as your population increases, making sure that you don't overbuild when your city is young. For the most part, all of these features are identical to other city builders.Where Skylines differs are the range of public transport available, and how they work. You can set up individual train lines, metro lines, and bus lines. This isn't a surprise, given that the game comes from the same team that developed Cities in Motion.One of the most interesting features I've experienced in the game so far is their water flow modelling. You start off having to place water pumps and sewage outflows into your nearest water source. However for rivers this means that you need to build your pump upstream of your sewage to avoid poisoning your population.Where it gets even more interesting is when you build hydroelectric dams. These dams will have a variable rate of power production based on the strength of the river it's blocking. Building a dam also has an interesting side effect; it causes the water level upstream of the dam to rise, which makes it really easy to flood your city if you're not careful. It's not something I've experienced in a game before. Oh, the game also lets you decide what side of the road your people drive on, which is a first as far as I know.This leads me on to some of my frustrations with this game. There's currently no option for terraforming an active city (as far as I can tell), which means that making flood-preventing earthworks is currently impossible. Likewise, thngs like road tunnels are completely missing from the game as well, although the developers have said these will be planned as part of a free update. It'd also be nice to have some better info overlays around road usage, as by far the biggest challenge in this game, like many other city sims, is dealing with traffic flow around the city. As an aside, it would be nice for one of these games someday to allow us to try out different junction types.However, by far the stand-out boon for this game is it's excellent Workshop support, which has already seen thousands of submissions in the short time the game has been avaiable, including contributions from the occasional former Maxis employee. I spent yesterday being captivated by a selection of highway interchanges by some dude in Germany (I think),  that's no joke. I could easily spend more time in the Workshop than the game itself, there's so much to see.The game was made by Colossal Order, but it's under the stewardship of Paradox Games. Given the game's success so far, it seems like this game will more than likely recieve plenty of support for years to come, with expansions and DLC being provided in a CK2 style, along with free updates and the like.SummaryPros:+ Familiar city builder style, mixed with some novel public transport and water features+ No crazy online-only requirements+ Excellent Workshop support+ Its current success ensures it'll be well supported for some time+ Cheaper than Cities XXL now, cheaper than SimCity when SC was releasedCons:- No obvious ability to terraform, making flood defences impossible- No ability to create tunnels limits road options or the ability to create tunnels under water bodies- Not as many features or items as other city builders, which might reduce effective play time.Verdict:Honestly, at this price I have to recommend this game to anyone who enjoys city builders. It may not have quite the same number of features as other games, but the mod support means there's more than enough stuff you can add to the game until the first round of content updates start coming to keep you going."
76561198015221092,Recommended,255710,23366169,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,steveyboyarrow,"I would recommend this game as a big improvement on SimCity. It's sold at a reasonable price, it has huge scope, & the modding community is awesome adding an enormous amount of content for free.I do have a few gripes however...Traffic becomes a real pain as your city grows. It becomes a major frustration trying to solve your cities traffic woes. Adding other means of travel has little effect as roads to & from your airports, harbours, & train stations often just moves the issue from 1 place to another. Trains themselves become a real headache as there's only 2 entrance & exit tracks on the map. The problem is that your cargo & commuter trains share the same track. You can split them once they enter your city, but they enter & leave your city on the same track. This causes them to back up which has a knock-on effect on the cargo & people aboard. Things are fine at low density, but as soon as you add high-rise high desity the traffic just really starts to go pair shaped.Another issue I found was the death rate. I don't know whether ibola is hitting my city, but whole blocks die off in a matter of in-game seconds. I live in a town, & in the 12 years I've lived there only 1 person has ever died. I keep pollution right down & clincs & hospitals abundant. It must be a balancing issue.All in all it can be a fun game, but as the city grows the game begins to irritate me. Now I just play it every so often & usually start from scratch. I would recommend at a discounted price..."
,Recommended,255710,15792114,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Tudhalyas,"Out there you can find better and more exhaustive reviews than what I could possibly ever write so I'll keep it short and simple: if you love management and/or city building games, you owe to yourself to get Cities: Skylines, the best game of the genre since SimCity 2000 and SimCity 4. My own highlights:* Complete design freedom: if you can think about it, you can make it in the game. The game doesn't offer what you want to do? There's probably a mod for it in the Steam Workshop; if there isn't, you can easily make one and share it with all other players!* The best traffic simulation I've ever seen in a city management game.* Gorgeous graphics.* Cross-platform: Windows, Mac and Linux compatible.Why are you still here? Go get it!My vote: 10 / 10Note: I have edited this review to up the vote from 9.5 to 10 out of 10. This is the first perfect score that I give in a Steam review, and I think for a good reason: the game has no flaws whatsoever -- if we exclude slowness with AMD video cards under Linux, an issue that is being tackled by Colossal Order -- and it's justextremelyaddictive; I didn't have this kind of fun with a city builder in ages."
,Recommended,255710,14857512,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Scayel,This is hands down the best game I've played the last years. You should buy it 100% if you like building games.
,Recommended,255710,18074877,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,[ICT]DPruett2333,Absolutely love the game!
,Recommended,255710,14972157,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sebastiaan,10/10Having fun since day one. Eat your heart out EA.
76561198024976249,Recommended,255710,16407299,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Fnord,This game is what Sim City should have been.
,Recommended,255710,14996064,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Yatagan,"This game is absolutely fantastic. I bought it unsure and I regret absolutely nothing. There are a few things that annoy me that I wish were better (Building appearance variety is noticably low, leading to many repeating buildings in just a few blocks of your city)Take all the best things from Sim City over the years, then add a bunch of even more awesome things. If you like city sims you'll love this. Buy it. Now.Seriously, what are you doing? Go!"
76561197998164472,Recommended,255710,17341423,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Evil Dinner Fork,"The defining experience of the city-building game, the level of detail in Skylines. Every last citizen (or ""Cim,"" in a nod to the Cities series' inspiration) is modeled; every last car or truck on the road carries a Cim or else cargo for a defined destination. Busses pull up, and individual Cims board and depart. They drive, take the train, or even walk to their destination. It is this level of detail that truly defines the transit side of the game: if one of your roads is clogged with congestion, there are very specific reasons why, and your options for dealing with it are vast. Add more roads? If so, which type? Would a bus line help? Probably not if it's all truck traffic; maybe a cargo train station? Hell, if it's all one factory that's causing the congestion, which can be checked by clicking on the individual trucks as they come and go, maybe you could even destroy the factory.But outside of the transit side of things, the game is just ridiculously easy. As a veteran of SimCity 1 through 4, the defining challenge of that game -- the fact that you're always broke -- is gone here. My second city was generating such insane amounts of cash by the time it hit 10k citizens that money stopped being a factor altogether, letting me do completely insane things like putting entire interstate highway systems underground or putting subway stops in every insignificant little suburban area. Things like crime and health require very little attention to manage. Your town's buildings are apparently made of gasoline-soaked cardboard and are constantly catching fire, so you need something like 5 fire stations for every police station, but again it's not a big deal since money is a non-issue. Your city's expansion is limited by your ability to do all that tedious R/C/I zoning.Well, that and your ability to manage your city's transit. It's like all the rest of the game is just an excuse to frame the devs' real interest: creating an intricate transit simulation, with every last train, plane, ship, bus, truck, car and scooter simulated individually. So while the series pretends to be the offshoot of SimCity, it's actually the offshoot of Cities in Motion.But whatever the shortcomings are, it's certainly better and far more fun than the dumpster fire known as the latest SimCity. Actually, I bet dumpster fires could be kind of fun IRL, but never mind. Qualified thums-up: grab it when next on sale."
,Recommended,255710,14837262,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,andersevenrud,"The citybuilder I have been waiting for for what feels like forever. It's pretty hard not to make a comparison to EA/Maxis's SimCity 2013 here, because that is what this game looks like, but it feels so much better. The simulation is really solid. Traffic is awesome and your city can contain up to a million individuals that have an actual life-cycle. Features a really simple building and zoning system with excellent tools to make it how you want. Maps are huge and has water with real dynamics.All this, on the Unity Engine, which is pretty amazing! Oh, and it comes with full modding support (w/Steam Workshop integration)!Now, It's not perfect and could use some improvments in some areas (see below), but I'm sure Colossal Order will provide us with plenty of updates and expansions in the coming future. This game is well worth the ~20EUR. There are hours and hours of fun here!What I did not like (this might change):- Bulldozer tool does not support destroying large areas, only one object at a time- Laying down water-pipes is kind of boring (Maybe I just got spoiled by SC2013 here)- Placing buildings on curved roads can be kind of hard in some cases- Placing down large intersections from assets kan be hard if the terrain is not perfectly straight- Placing roads straight relative to the border is really hard because the road does not snap (SC2013 had the Shift key for this)- The ""Tutorial"" you get when start the game is not that good- The ""Tutorial"" popus can get annoying- Music does not seem to be normalized, becoming way to loud in some sectionsWhat I liked:- Everything else"
76561198041965413,Recommended,255710,14850111,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Entertain ME,Everything SimCity wasn't.#Paradiseonearth
,Recommended,255710,14838222,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Johann G. Joestar,I can't recommend this game enough. It's the spiritual successor of SimCity 4. PLAY IT NOW.
,Recommended,255710,16877100,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Brynn,"Outstanding game. Takes almost everything that annoyed me about SimCity, and improves it.Not overly complicated to start a city which produces income, while still being challenging. Enables you to completely control every aspect and let your imagination run wild. The fact its on Linux is everything for me and works perfectly. Very occasional split-second lag when city gets extremely large, but still well within playable limits.Very Highly recommend."
76561198054774339,Recommended,255710,29776011,Posted: 7 February,all,SHOTGUN-v-WILLIE,"I'll be honest, I have never enjoyed city management. So I'm not the guy to tell you about all these management systems, but I hate strickly the management part, I love just building cities willy nilly! I just hate managing things its just not my thing, but I really like designing stuff.  Honestly, I want to just build cool cities, and the base game includes unlimited money and unlock all milestones mods.  I can totally see how in-depth this game could be, and I'll probably get slammed for ""ruining"" the experience.  They were installed when I launched the game, and I've been having a blast ever since!"
,Recommended,255710,17017408,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,NoTime4name,"A modern take on SimCity 4 usually fails, but, at last, this time it hasn't.Pros:- No EA!- Fantastic simulation and game mechanics- Graphics and performanceCons:- No 'proper' grid which could make building symmetrical roads seriously annoying"
76561198008405446,Recommended,255710,31045917,Posted: 9 April,all,Armoured Centurion,"Cities: Skylines is one of those rare city building simulation games that actually does everything perfectly. All the game mechanics just fit into this game like clockwork, which is why you can get so immersed and play countless hours on end.City Planning - Be aware that you should plan out how each part of your city should be built. For example connecting public transport lines, roads or even power grids might involve destroying certain buildings which can have a negative affect on the population happiness.Districts - These can be used with the brush tool, you can then add a district policy on a housing area for example, which might focus this area on recycling more.Natural Disasters - This DLC is worth while and allows you to prepare for and counter any natural world disasters that might occur by planning things like evacuation routes.Global happiness - Like most strategy games, the overall happiness of your population is always an important factor to monitor. Build things like public transport, provide them with basic services like education/healthcare as well as basic needs like jobs or natural resources and you won't have anthing to worry about.Overall, while Cities Skylines has a bit of a learning curve for beginners I highly recommend you pick it up simply for the immersion, my final score 8/10 :)"
,Recommended,255710,27520516,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pres,"This game is absolutely incredible and can also be played more as a city painter, using many assets and mods from the Steam Workshop to transform it.  Would recommend."
,Not Recommended,255710,14840988,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,thöjtt.kriime.org/lol,"Typical Pdox moneypit. Great citybuilder but thumbs down for Paradox DLC policy. Also double the price in some countries because of ... ""inflation"" ...? IKR. That's not how games work. You don't increase prices after launch, you reduce them because it's an old product."
,Recommended,255710,14831056,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Stymie,"This game is Simcity 2013 done RIGHT as well as considered a true successor of Simcity 4. Yes, its developer is different but they really got this game done right for a city builder.Huge amount of space to build on and if you run out, expand and buy more land. Full modding support so you'll expect some pretty cool stuff to download. The game still has some flaws such as no day/night cycle as of the time of this quick review, but the pros still outweight the cons found in this game.If you enjoyed Simcity 4 or any city builder/simulator, get it. I was surprised this game is worth $30 USD. It's so well worth that price tag."
,Recommended,255710,14831890,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,The Science Spy,what sim city 5 would have been like if it wasnt produced by ea
,Recommended,255710,14827467,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,matt,"Amazing, I love everything about this game!"
76561198192257377,Recommended,255710,32972582,Posted: 28 June,all,HGscMENTOR,"Best City Building Game Ever.If you don't like paying for DLCs, don't buy them.  With all the mods and assets (for free, by the way) on Workshop for this game, the DLC's are not at all necessary.  I've been playing this game for years now (2,496 hours at the time of this review) and have never been bored once.  And the only DLC I ever bought was AFTER DARK …. only because it gave me bicycle lanes.  I've felt no desire to purchase the Disasters or the Mass Transit DLCs, even if they were dropped to $1.00 each ….. okay, maybe the Mass Transit one if only $1.00.But I've gotten off-track of my point, which is that with all the mods and assets that are free for this game, you don't really need the DLCs.If you just subscribe (it's free) to the First Person Mod by Tony56a, you can have days and weeks of fun just traveling around in your city.  As a Cim yourself or just riding along in a vehicle or a Cim wherever they go.  The game is COMPLETEY DIFFERENT – and sooo much fun – once you jump down into it and actually look at it from ground level.Frustrated with creating a city?  Don't bother to create one --- on the Workshop, you can subscribe to a city of your choice (again, for free) that is already all set up for you, mods and assets, roads, city services, and all, and immediately start playing about down in the city as a CIM yourself.  Or you can start from there (with all the frustrating work of setting things up) already done for you.  From that point you can play with what you subscribed to or start adding in or removing anything you like from the city.Anyone who hasn't tried this game is cheating himself/herself of one of the most fascinating experiences ever …. and I gotta tell ya, NO ONE could get me to play ANY computer games before I was forced by a family member to sit down in front of this one for one hour and play it.  Now I'm hooked and spend almost all my spare winter season hours on it  …  and, to my shame, some of my summer gardening hours as well.And, honestly, for a vacation into a world you can make into your very own, the initial price is more than worth it.  If I lost it and had to start over and buy it again, I'd actually be willing to save up till I had $60.00 US and buy it again, if that was what it cost then.  And really, all anyone ever really has to pay for is the initial game, regardless of what the naysayers are whining about."
76561198019604636,Recommended,255710,25493585,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Noodles,"If you're an avid fan of city builder/tycoon games, then this is a must buy for you.Best city builder to date. It's been a year and a half since it's release and I still play it like crazy.Oh, and the mods add an immense replay value to the game."
,Recommended,255710,14939600,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Hubicorn,My girlfriend complains about being neglected after I spent hours on building the perfect Interchange. 100/10
,Recommended,255710,21290600,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,agusingnavy,"Well, I'm a Civil Engineer, and I_Love_Roads as you can see in my workshop.- Do you like to make maps? You can do it.- Do you like to make interchanges? You can do it- Do you like 3D modeling? You can do it.- Do you like to build cities? Buy this gameEnjoy !!!-@agusingnavy-"
,Recommended,255710,14873081,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Transport Nut,"Instant Classic - 10/10WhenCities: Skylineswas announced last year I was super-hyped as it was from my favourite developer,Colosal Order, famous for Cities in Motion 1 & 2.  Furthermore, the sheer fact that it was a city builder and being aware how good Cities in Motion 2 was (350+ hrs I've put into it...) I was extremely excited but I guess you could say I was a bit aprehensive too.That apprehension islonggone.This game is an instant classic, on par with the likes of SimCity 4.  Let me tell you why;Built to be moddable, at the time of writing (72hrs post release), there has been a staggering6000submissions to the Steam Workshop with some fairly advanced mods, it's not just the cosmetics.No more towns- up to 1,000,000 people can be simulated.  They all have their own homes, workpalces and families.  No more GlasBox nonsense from EA here, this is the real thing.Extremely accessible, with more advanced and micro-management available but slightly hidden away so that it's not intimidatingDid I mention this was made by just 19 people?There are obviously some minor hiccups here, nowhere near as bad as SimCity and no DRM or online nonsense either.  Day/Night cycles are gone and so are tunnels but the latter has already been planned as the firstFREEDLC for Cities: Skylines.  Also, seeing as CO are a small team, the mod community are working tirelessly to work on the superb foundation CO have set for us - the vanila expereince is amazing but the sheer flexibility and moddability of this game will see this title have a life cycle similar to that of Sim City.  I can't wait to see what's next.Don't delay, you are getting unbelieveable value for money here for one of the best games in years to enter the genre."
,Recommended,255710,25942212,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Ali,"This is a great game! It is great fun to build a city and it is quite relaxing. The modding comunity is great because there are many great mods such as the first person camera mod. The only problem I have had is that not all mods come up in the cotent manager but I was able to resolve it by going into the files of the game. It is slightly annoying but it is still definatley worth it. Also, I shouldn't be able to run this game but I can still run it fine whilst the graphics still looks great. I have a 2.5 ghz processor and intel HD 4600 graphics with 112mb graphics. I can't garantee it will run if you have similar performance specs but it did for me! Anyway I would definatley recomend this to anyone who likes building or managing anything.If you aren't sure if you'd like to get this game I would recomend getting the Simcity 5 demo on origin and try that out. If you like that in the slightest you should like this game even more since cities skylines in my opinion is better that Simcity 5!I thinks it's better than simcity 5 because, this has bigger plots, more of the people are actually simulated in game plus I like the modding comunity for Cities: Skylines!"
,Recommended,255710,14977985,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Paikia,"Finally, a good city builder after all these years! Cities: Skylines seems to handle very well everything the other recent city builders couldn't.  For starters - it works. I'll admit the game did crash once for me, but it seems to have been an isolated incident. After playing 26 hours, this one crash is the only negative I can come up with. The game seems to squeeze all the juice out of my system in terms of CPU and GPU usage (Intel i7 Quad Core 2.67Ghz, 16GB RAM, Geforce GTX465), but in return it gives me a smooth and enjoyable playing experience! Unlike the competition, you can build large cities, but there are no slowdowns, no stuttering and no need to restart the game every 30 minutes.As of now, to my knowledge, Cities: Skylines is the only good city building game available. The other two I'm aware of (Simcity, Cities XXL) don't even come close, as they have too many problems."
76561198120965569,Not Recommended,255710,15191800,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,habanosbooie,"It's more of a road network building simulator than a city simulator. All of the zones you zone and all of the buildings you build are there to drive traffic in & out of your city. 90% of your planning and building and organizing goes towards the road network, to the point of micromanaging and obsessing. 90% of the problems you will face when laying out your city will be road related.Building the city just involves dragging zones with a paint tool and plonking down service buildings like hospitals and schools. All the cities end up looking and feeling very, very similar. The cities are very easy to build and grow. The only real challenge you ever face is designing a road network that flows and is not chaotic. This is fine. This can be fun. This can be interesting, and challenging. But this does not qualify as a city simulator."
,Recommended,255710,14861956,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Lip Service,"I've been itching for a game like this since I almost made it to the year 3000 in SimCity 3000. Not that I didn't play a good bit of 4, but it's hard for me to jump into older games like that.Skylines just feels right. It's like that feeling I got when I played the SimCity 5 demo but the good feelings just keep rolling. I'm a bit of a stickler when it comes to data and they don't skimp. I'm so glad SOMEONE had the werewithall and knowledge to put forth a proper, next-gen city builder. Parks and Rec can only satiate me so much. I need a simulation, dammit!They do simulation so well, it's practically a stimulation simulation."
76561198217414625,Recommended,255710,32719006,Posted: 24 June,all,VILark,It's like real life but not and it's easier but more frustrating.10/10 would real life but not easy.
,Recommended,255710,17958441,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,ThatAwesomeGuy-TAG,This is the best city build game ever. Buy this game if you like city building games.
,Recommended,255710,14832153,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,[RFI-I] Wallie,Great game so far and whats this? No game breaking bugs on day one?? Hey EA take notes This is how Simcity use to be!
,Recommended,255710,15212845,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,mretsam,"This game is a worthy successor to Sim City 4(Sim City 2013 was a flop, imo) that offers depth and quality worthy for any city builder enthuasist.  The game offers a diverse and massive modding community, which is a key to enhancing any city building game, and not to mention it's easily accessible with Steam Workshop.  This game also earns a plus on a near flawless release(when compared to its competition), and I have confidence that it become more than what Sim City 4 had became, in less amount of time(Sim City 4 does have a decade+ of development).My only complaint, and it's merely opinion oriented, is I wish this game used a darker saturation for the color of its buildings and vehicles.  I personally wish they would have used a similar color scheme as Cities in Motion 2(for realism).  However, with the mod community, you are able to change this.  With that said, this is a must add for anyones library, you will not be disappointed if you enjoy city building."
76561198183851683,Recommended,255710,17894939,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,LondSW,I recommend this game 100 %
,Recommended,255710,16633938,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tsukasa Hiiragi,The envy of Sim City ~  Cities Skylines is the new standard in city building games.
,Recommended,255710,23786224,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,KuroiSenko,"Cities: Skylinesis currently the best city building simulator. It sure isn't difficult but extremely fun. The game has so much content to offer so just let your imagination do the rest and build your own dream city. Besides, if you want to add even more variety you're always free to download mods and assets from the steam workshop. Things like unique buildings, props, vehicles and other additions will enhance your gaming experience by a huge amount. In my opinion, I'd say that the game isn't perfect but you can make it near-perfect by using different mods to fill the gaps. For example, the traffic management is so tricky and poor that sometimes you feel like playing traffic simulator but with the help of mods you can solve this problem much easier.The maps are enormous and can be increased in size even more via mods. It may take dozens or more hours to finish the city, especially, if you're making it look pretty and pay attention to small details and not just the population. Speaking of details, the game looks polished in high-up view and even while you're zoomed in all the way (or using first person camera mod).I've been nagging about mods the whole review, meaning, that the incorporation of workshop was the best approach to make this game by far the best city building simulator that you can currently get. But beware, having a lot of mods result inhugeFPS drop!10/10"
,Recommended,255710,22608017,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Vandy,"A handful of flaws, but this fun and addictive city-builder still climbs high."
,Not Recommended,255710,21390353,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,JAZZRAT,"I used to play the early versions of simcity, I think about 20 years ago. I really got hooked on them.With Cities: Skylines I didn`t get the same effect. I think it`s a bit boring once you play for a while.  Maybe I should try other games like this and consider if it`s a gametype what I just don`t like anymore or is it just this game what I don`t like.I would rate it 6/10."
76561198090768628,Recommended,255710,17855516,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,TheStaticPanda4,"Have you ever wondered what it felt like to be an architect? Have you ever wanted to be in control of running your own world? Have you ever dreamed of becoming the mayor in your ever expanding town?Well if you answered yes to any of those questions than this city building simulation game, is the game for YOU!!Cities: Skylines is an amazing simulation game by Colossal Order. Create you own vast city, decide the outcome on your poor citizens. Decide wether to be a kind and generous mayor or become a harsh and corrupt government official, the choice is yours.Can you endure the hardships of running your own city? Learn to deal and conquer traffic issues, learn to manage and control fire departments, police departments and more. How long will you be able to manage your ever growing and ever expanding chaiotic city. Will you be able to create a utopia for you and your citizens to live peacefully in or will you slowly corrupt your city with disease and crime.Come forth and create your DREAM city, control every aspect of your city.PROS-fun and challenging city simulator.-Control your city.-Decide the outcome of your city.-Gameplays will never be the same.-Your city is always changing.-You never know what will happen next.-Control every aspect of your citizens life.-Destroying your city.-Watching your citizens slowly dieCONS-Cant blow up your city.-Only able to load up to 3 mods at a time.-No big mods.-No good dlcs"
76561198179713587,Recommended,255710,18715781,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Eva,"After the Simcity 2013 disaster, I was afraid that no other city building game could be good enough for me. Well, I was wrong! Cities: Skylines is a amazing game, the devs listening to us (unlike Maxis) and have a amazing talent. There are somethings that needs to be improved, but I'm confident that this game will grow up even more with time and with the community feedback"
76561198072375808,Recommended,255710,15156985,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,[TLB] Whitt,"Fantastic game, Well thought out and thorough, plus with modding support, has a chance to be the greatest city builder ever."
,Recommended,255710,15042151,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,LordiFaGeorge,"Absorbs your time well with loads of options for expansion and a little micromanagement. Simple interface and an unobtrusive, text light tutorial in every game rather than a separate mission/level. Great workshop integration and active community on day one. A wonderful game that does city building right."
,Recommended,255710,14828194,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Retrific,So great! Waaay better than Sim City in every aspect!I want to play Cities: Skylines 25 hours a day.I love it.
,Recommended,255710,15510358,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Ninja Ferret,"I am astonished by this game. It is a must buy because it is hands down the best city building game to date. This is everything good and everything overlooked by SimCity 2013. The maps are pleanty big, and the modding cummunity has came up with surprisingly great mods that range from simple preferences to game-changing. This gome feels so incredibly smooth even with 2 dozen mods installed.The devs say to expect fre updates as well.BUY."
,Recommended,255710,14943043,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Hunnish,"It's like SimCity (2013) but better. No constant internet connected DRM, no Origin and most of all. NO EA!!!"
,Recommended,255710,15041399,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,evan,This game is everything that the latest Sim City should have been.
,Recommended,255710,14929222,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,iToaster,"If you're one of those people whom, like me, was let down by the release of SimCity 2013, this game is for you.If you're one of those people whom was pleased with SimCity 2013, this game is for you.If you enjoy city builders, THIS GAME IS FOR YOU.Let's begin.First, why is this game for those of us let down by simcity 2013?This game harnesses what made the older simcity games great and adds on to it the way I expect a sequel should have added on to the previous major installment, SimCity 4. There is no online DRM whatsoever, the map sizes are initially restricted to a 2x2 km square like SC 2013 but can be expanded up to 6x6 in any arrangement, or modded to 10x10 km (25 plots of 2x2 land). That's a lot. That even matches up with the ""huge"" cities XL franchise, and I feel like it may even surpass it at times as ALL maps are capable of reaching this size.This game brings back features that some may like, some may not - power lines, water pipes, some of the busywork we found ourselves doing in older simcity games. Despite having no in-game terraforming, the game does have a map editor that uses easy-to-use terraforming-style tools you would use in simcity games, as well as supporting heightmap importing and exporting allowing you to easily create real world locations to build in, or make your own and export them to the steam workshop for others to enjoy. An asset editor, much like the old urban renewal kits, allows you to modify buildings or add new ones, as well as upload them to the steam workshop again or download ones others have made.As far as straight up gameplay features, you will be happy to see the return of mass transit on a large scale that SimCity 2013 removed most of. You'll have trains, boats, planes, buses, subways, and highways to manage, as well as being able to create lines for each that add to the realism and also control of the game rather than plopping stops and letting the mass transit roam free. You'll also find that while there is no regional play, you instead have cities within cities - districts, you can say. Each can have their own ordinances/policies, their own tax rates, and be specialized differently than other districts or the rest of the city. Zones find the addition of a new type of zone, Offices, which act as a form of clean industrial zone. You'll also find yourself now dealing with the dead, and having cemeteries and crematoriums to send them to.Why is this game for those of you that LIKED simcity 2013?  (repeats a bit)First of all, the graphics in SimCity 2013 were without doubt the greatest a city builder has ever seen. This game matches, and in some ways, surpasses what SimCity 2013 was capable of in the graphical department. You keep the tilt-shift effect which appears to have been improved, and texture work is beyond amazing.Now, you won't be finding any multiplayer or regional play in this game. However, what you WILL find is mods. A lot of mods. Hundreds of mods, maps, and addons on the steam workshop already at the time of this review. They're easy to obtain, and you can turn them on or off within the game itself. You'll also notice map sizes are far bigger, which means you have so much room you can effectivelly still do your regional play - cities the size of that in SimCity 2013 were 2x2 km in size, and this game allows you to get 9 such plots by default, 25 plots with a mod. That's 25 spaces that could be used however you want, all linked to one another not by a preset highway, but by you and how you want them to be connected. It's also likely that anyone who's played SimCity 2013 has played a previous simcity, and you will find every feature of those old games - minus the regional play and neighbor deals as a direct result - in here. You will also still find city specialization in a different style than that of SC2013. Rather than placing individual buildings, you will instead create districts (cities within cities, each having their own taxes and ordinances/policies) and specialize them to agriculture, oil drilling, ore mining, or forestry. The industrial zones you place within these districts will then switch to utilize your chosen specialization, replacing their buildings with ones suited for what you want. This allows you to create far bigger specialized areas, and far quicker and with more ease. In the event you require resources that would otherwise be extracted from these specializations, such as to run coal or oil power plants, they will be automatically imported through trains, boats, planes, or simple road at no extra cost to you - just keep the traffic flowing so the delivery trucks can reach their destination.If this sounds easy, it's not. This game can bite you alive several hours in. You will find it far more challenging than simcity 2013 or cities XL ever has been, and that's without activating the built-in hard mode mod. At first, it will be easy - that's due to you building in a small area of land with limited building availability. It's when everything is unlocked and you're sitting there with 100,000 fully simulated citizens running around their daily lives that all hell crumbles down on you.Do you enjoy city builders? You play tropico, or cities XL, etc? Play this.I'm going to skip the basic stuff and say it straight forward. Anything you can do in Cities XL or Tropico (in regards to city building, I'm aware tropico has dictator stuff going on that you won't find here), you are more than capable of doing here in a much easier way. You have more control over customization, more control over the city, and all taking place in a game that looks better and has one of the best developers and publishers out there at your back for support with the steam workshop throwing hundreds at the time of this review, THOUSANDS in the near future, of mods, maps, and addons in your direction to play with as well as letting you make your OWN with ease. That is all.I grew up playing SimCity, and soon found myself playing other city builders in the form of Tropico and City Life. Cities XL was a game I tried to like and just couldn't due to how unplayable it was, and tropico is re-releasing a similar game every year with little effort to innovate anymore like PopTop used to back in the day. SimCity 2013 looked promising in trailers, but upon its' release I tried my hardest to like it with 130 hours of game time but I could not make myself like it. It was simply too small scale and too easy, and I just missed everything you could do with the older simcity games. Modding was so easy for SimCity 4, and the cities were so much more fun to make, that upon going back I wondered why I had ever tried to like SimCity 2013 in the first place. I even dug up my old SimCity 2000 and 3000 discs and got those running, and since I'm not old enough to have experienced SimCity for the SNES when it initially came out, even got myself a cartridge for that off of amazon and gave it a whirl. Each gave me hours and hours of enjoyment that 2013's verison never could. Cities Skylines I was rather worried about actually, as I thought they would focus too much on fixing the city sizes and offline to actually add anything worthwhile or fun beyond that and this game would end up along the lines of Cities XL for production value. I have never been more wrong and I am really, REALLY pleased to say that. I owe an absolutely massive thank you to Colossal and Paradox for making this game in such a fantastic state. They have managed to bring a childhood game back for many of us in a fantastic way.This is the greatest city builder in over a decade to be released. Colossal Order and Paradox Interactive have stated that more content and updates are going to be on our way for years to come, so we can only expect it to get better from here. Also, did you notice the game is only $30? Why are you still reading this...GO AND BUY THE GAME ALREADY!Recommend: YES. YES. YES. SO MUCH YES."
76561197997061990,Recommended,255710,14886719,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,naetharu,"Just a short review here:Cities Skylines is a really nice game. It clearly takes its inspiration from both classic Sim City and the recent Sim City 2013, however, it ends up being something really quite special.The simulation is really robust. I've yet to find any major problems and/or bugs. My cities have had issues but they've all been the result of my poor planning, and with a little thought and re-working I have managed to fix them and learn from my mistakes in a way that is very satisfying. The depth of simulation vs. abstraction is also great. Some things, such as wind-drection and night/day cycles are missing but they don't have any noticable impact on the gameplay once you are involved.I think that the lack of need for a tutorial speaks volumes too. The game just makes sense. You can bring your real-life knowledge of how towns and cities are set up here along with a healthy dose of common sense and you will succeed. The result is the feeling that you really are creating and overseeing a living community rather than simply gaming a system which is fantastic.Over all, I really recommend this game to anyone that has even a passing interest in city building games. Its by far the best option on the market now, and its going to take something pretty special to beat it any time soon."
,Recommended,255710,16430619,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,BearFish,Great game.
,Recommended,255710,14828043,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Tristin,"*Those with Performance Issues*You need to check which graphics card your computer is using when playing Cities: Skylines.  Beforehand, I could only run the game at absolute lowest settings, windowed mode, and a lowered resolution and it was still low fps, which really bummed me out.  I have my computer set to use my Nvidia graphics card (760M) on everything, but for some reason this game was set to use the intel one instead.  All you need to do is set the .exe file to use your high performance card instead. Now I can run the game at max settings flawlessly.  Excellent Game so far!"
76561198012487364,Recommended,255710,14904528,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,TheMightyBorlaug,"I can't recommend this game highly enough! I have waited a decade for a game this amazing and here we are: Cities Skylines provides me with my -ENTIRE- Laundry List of City Building Wishes! Even though the game doesn't come with a First Person mode, my only gripe about the game, someone has already given us a MOD providing it.I lack complaints for Cities Skylines. I lack frustrations with it. I find that I am beyond pleased and discover that this game fully satisfies what I desired in city building all along! 3 Cheers for Colossal Order! Welcome to the table! Here's the lunch Electronic Arts has left Uneaten. Dig in! I'm delighted to have you here!tldr: I am in love with this game."
,Recommended,255710,14826545,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Benjin,The city-simulator/builder genre has returned to its former glory.
76561198084269874,Recommended,255710,15213193,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ObR,The interface is a joy to use. It is fun to see your city grow and prosper. The citizens will ask for it when they need something without being too demanding.The simulation is very accurate. Ie adding a goods station will relieve trucks traffic travelling into your city but it does generate a bottleneck around the station itself.I loved Sim City and this game has the same feel to it.Great game.
76561197971045629,Recommended,255710,14833266,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Bdo,"8am: Wake up9am: Check if game is released10am: Check if game is released11am: Check if game is released12pm: Check if game is released1pm: Forget to check, dangit.1:30pm: There goes the rest of my day1:30am: Wait, I have to work tomorrow? Waaaaaah.1:31am: Delete SimCity from computerThank you. So much."
76561198061364920,Recommended,255710,14899159,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,nunos100,<3 <3 <3 Absolutely love it! Amazing price for a game like this! Everyone thinking its smart to get a copy without paying because its offline: Every $ against the EAs and Activisions of this world is not a wasted $ ;)
76561198030818909,Recommended,255710,14906569,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Blastenheim,"A fantastic citybuilder, my favourite since SimCity 4.Since the most likely points of comparison here are SimCity 2015 and Cities XL, I'll break it down into quick points:Compared to SimCity 2015:-Game's fully offline. The only online aspect is the integration with Steam Workshop.-Deep modding. Game include's both a map editor and an asset editor. Workshop is already bursting at the seams with stuff.-Giantic room for constructing cities. You start with a single 2x2 km square, and you can eventually purchase 8 more squares. There's already mods allowing to purchase all 25 squares a map has (that's 100 sq km).-Cims (Skylines' version of Sims) are fully simulated and actually make sense.-Traffic simulation is incredibly deep (though there's still some issues with cars accumulating in a single lane sometimes).-No building upgrade.-Specialization is not as deep as in SimCity, but the District system allows you to essentially create individual cities within the same map, with their own laws, taxes, and industrial focuses.-Several info overlays are almost copied from SimCity, even in their presentation.-Skylines is less colourful than SimCity, but also a bit more realistic.-Music isn't bad in Skylines, but SimCity's better.Compared to Cities XL-Map are just a little bit smaller (Cities XL has 110 sq km, Skylines has 100 sq km with mods, 36 sq km without).-Zoning is much, more comfortable, particularly with curved roads.-No lag (although large cities can be taxing depending on your computer). Brisk road building even for huge tracks.-Graphics are somewhat similar.-Interface is far more user-friendly.-Traffic simulation is orders of magnitude more interesting.-Road variety is more or less the same (just in terms of types. Skylines' free-form roadbuilding allows for pretty much unlimited road-building methods).-So far, I've encountered not a single memory leak or similarly wrecking bug.Overall, the game is great. It is true it is in some aspects less deep than SimCity 4 and it does have some usability nuances (such as zoning not always looking exactly the way you want, though this is the price we pay for free-form orientation, I suppose), but it does so much stuff so great that you quickly let that pass. Traffic itself is so well done that it becomes a game unto itself (which is no wonder, considering the game was developed by the same people behind Cities in Motion).Modding support is also excellent. Though the base game comes with a somewhat limited variety of buildings, ten minutes in the Workshop will land you with several dozen new structures that will seamless integrate into your cities, and new stuff is being made faster than we can check it.Some of the missing stuff, such as tunnels, is already being considered as free DLCs in the near future.10/10 game. This is both the citibuilder we wanted and the citibuilder we deserved."
,Recommended,255710,14835293,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,XAtheisticX,If you like simcity.you like it too.Fun & Low Price.Good Features.
,Recommended,255710,14843811,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Lavaman,"Like 5imCity 2013, but without the EA."
,Recommended,255710,15263594,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Astery,"Cities: Skyline does what Sim City don't anymore.This game is not perfect, but it's the best bet u'll be getting as of this date."
,Recommended,255710,14853283,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Yeah this is a great game. It does everything Sim City did right, and more. Graphics are killer nice, and it runs well on medium-end systems too. Steam Workshop pushes it to a whole 'nother level too. I really hope they have expansion packs in the distant future.Pros1. Great graphics2. Really fun to play3. Great user interface (very intuitive)4. The core game engine seems really solid in how every person has logic and can be named/followed/etc.Cons1. 30$ was expensive, but still worth it2. No night-time mode3. No multiplayer, which may have made it the end-all city builderThis is an easy decision if you like city builders, IMO. Well worth the money. Also check out Banishsed."
76561198274193909,Recommended,255710,27930134,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lost_Gecko,"10/10 would upgrade my RAM again.Seriously though, my first city builder and I love it. The simulation aspect of the game might have some issues if you're into that but as a ""city painter"" I mainly focus on the visuals, which have enormous potential. The community is very active on the Workshop and that's what gives the game an awesome dimension for me."
,Recommended,255710,14828035,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Melkor,Simcity done right!10/10
76561198086678002,Recommended,255710,14890413,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,OtonashiYuri,"took 3 hours to make a nice little booming town""you can now build hydroelectric dams!""oh nice, i'll plop these down right beside my industrial zonehalf the city gets flooded and half the people left the cityDAM IT."
76561198027494461,Recommended,255710,32684664,Posted: 23 June,all,Avanya,"Absolutely love this game and have since I got it! Modding support opens up for even more ways to play the game and customize your experience. And I can't remember the last time I experienced a developer being in direct contact with the community and bringing not only their own ideas to the game, but also adding player wishes when possible. I've spend soooo many hours in this game I prob haven't had this sort of value for my money in 10-15 years.If you enjoy city building games, this game is for you."
76561198185677206,Recommended,255710,32672152,Posted: 23 June,all,prof_anti,"I'm sad to see so many negative reviews for one of my All Time Favourite Games (literally top 3).I cannot disagree with them. Paradox Are greedy m********s. I can only hope Paradox take all that money and make even better games in the future with it... who knows, maybe they will.But that aside, check the positive reviews... this game is amazing for the right people. You can see how many hours I've dumped playing it and I am building a new city in my spare time now too, so that number will probably reach 1200-1500 before ""I've had enough of it"" to move on.What I'm trying to say is that I can easily Justify the money I've given the developers for their game, BUT there is a huge BUT: This game, even with ALL DLCs, is only half of the game, the other half, the other 50% of the featuers are made by the community. I play this game with 130 mods and 7000 assets, and if it wasn't for those extra features, I would've been bored out of it long time a go.So all I can say is: Paradox, share your greediness with the top asset creators, award them for their work, because if it wasn't for them, your game would've been half as successful and you know it. Then move on and make a better game, and I guarantee, those same asset creaters, modders, programmers, will come and contribute again to create something wonderful, something I can dump another 1500 hours of my life with ease."
,Recommended,255710,16803346,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,TheGrimHHH,"If you're a fan of cities simulator, you've just found the perfect game for you, buddy. Congratulations.This game managed to overcome Sim City 2000 and Sim City 4 combined, two of my favourite city manager simulators ever. In Cities: Skylines you'll start building your city from just an intersection coming out of a highway in the middle of nowhere, manage your budget, expand, make some decisions (not enough cash, do I build a fire station or a hospital?), expand even more, watch as your small poor village in the middle of nowhere becomes a gigantic metropolis that people from all around the world come to visit.All in all, Cities: Skylines managed to be everything SimCity's reboot failed to be. The only con I have with this game is that it somehow lacks introduction, there are small tips here and there, but the complicated parts you have to discover pretty much by yourself (or search for tutorials on Youtube, lol).Now excuse me while I lose some more hours of sleep expanding my city. ):"
76561198092008781,Recommended,255710,34542280,Posted: 27 August,all,BohemianDemon,i love this game its like the old sim city i played as a kid only btter and more to it. it looks great run well. it also has the work shop with alot you can add to the game to really make it urs. i dont feel like it was that hard to learn hoew to play it if you been playing games like this for a while. if you like builders like this thewn its a must buy. if you not i to them or want a story you should look some where esle.
,Not Recommended,255710,17896214,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Ir0nB34r,"It really was a fun game, but it quickely devolved in to a shallow, unchallenging experience.Once you learn the tricks on how to organize your city it becomes pretty easy. The basic core is you have to manage the demands of your city while building new infrustructure. Sounds fun, except it really comes down to 3 demands: Housing, Industry, and Commercial. If the demand for housing goes up? Build a road and zone it for houses. How about Industry and Commercial? Do the same thing.Sure, there are other things like resource management where you actually have to have the power, water/sewage, and other civil services. But a few hours in to my game I guess I found a sweet spot between growth and taxes because my cash flow exploded in to the millions before I even realized it happened. I could put hospitals and police on every street corner.My city had become somewhat of a paradise, and it felt too easy."
76561198006586870,Recommended,255710,14890932,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Bulder,Realistic turd flow physics 10/10
,Recommended,255710,18347547,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,born casual,This citybuilder sim is easily one of the best games I can recomend. All the features of SimCity and more. Mod support is icing on the cake.
,Recommended,255710,22006661,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Scorpidoo,"New META for citybuildersIt's simple the best of this genreIt got the best of Sim City 4 Rush Hour & Simcity grafics, and as bonus the Steam Workshop for mods.Full Price - ""Yes please!""Discount - ""MUST HAVE""NOTE:The game will make you forget about your coffee. (Coffee were harmed in the playing of this game.)"
76561198050501942,Recommended,255710,15298626,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Dostoevsky,It's a great game so far [as of writing this] but I seem to have found a bug. whenever I install a police station the police make people happy instead of just shooting them.
,Recommended,255710,14828600,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Kevin Kerman,个人觉得是最好的城市模拟游戏，模拟城市和特大城市的完美结合，虽然风格比较卡通，但是对城市的各种细节设计的很充分，能玩的区域和特大城市一样也非常大，是个好游戏。3.21 这个游戏中的水太棒了，你可以建水坝，我试过把自己的城市淹掉，还是试过在干河床建城，然后拆掉水坝，哈哈哈。2015.9.30 看到出了after dark，打开了很久没玩的天际线，， 天哪，那灯光，不同颜色的路灯和建筑物灯光，还有霓虹灯，警车的灯，消防车的灯，小车的灯交相辉映，太美了，太震撼了！！
,Recommended,255710,14828620,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,[HotN]Weeping-pirate,10/10
,Recommended,255710,14824277,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,DeadGamer85,"Cities: Skylines beats SimCity 2013 out of the water, by far! It delievered on its promises and then some! Excellent game, highly recommended!"
76561198040385182,Recommended,255710,16139928,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,colhanindysolojones,"My record for this game speaks for itself.  I got excited for it the minute my gaming buddies started talking about it.  The only downside I see to this game is the fact I can't find any patches for it.  Otherwise, everything is top notch all the way!! Graphics are beautiful and it has an easy learning curve.  I feel that Paradox backed the right horse in forming a partnership with Colossal Order to make this miracle of a game!!!!I have only pity for the gamers who have yet to introduce themselves to  this wonder of a game. C'mon, guys, let's get on the bandwagon and  cheer Cities: Skylines to the heavens for we might not see a game of its ilk in our lifetime again!!!For those who have yet to pick it up, I strongly suggest that you pick it up NOW and don't wait for a sale. This was the best $33 bucks I ever spent here on Steam.This game is a life changer and is as addictive as all get out.Cities: Skylines--pick it ASAP. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,255710,14843562,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Ocean Blac,<3
,Recommended,255710,14856208,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Brutwarst,"If you're wondering whether or not you should buy this game, the answer is yes. You should buy this game."
76561197971724802,Recommended,255710,30560342,Posted: 16 March,all,Pontifex Maximus,"There’s a lot of tools and a lot to learn. Across the bottom of the screen is a toolbar that contains all the stuff you need to create your city. Initially there is only a limited selection for you to play with. As your population grows more tools become available and the pacing is just perfect.Features like global policies that can reduce power consumption or increase fire safety are introduced at a rate that never feels like a bombardment. The same goes for buildings and services. Rather than a sit down and read endless pop-ups style tutorial features are gradually introduced so that only small explanations are needed at each stage. It really lets you get hooked even during those often tedious early learning stages. Another reason Skylines is so fun straight from the start is that each and every tool you use is so effortless.There’s a zone system used that is very similar to everyone’s favourite Sim City game. But again the tools are there for you to make your life easy. Streets come ready equipped with grids attached that you can either paint one square at a time, use a paint brush tool or even a fill tool to create entire blocks easily. Then waiting just a little time everything comes to life as buildings are erected and citizens go about their daily lives.All this simplicity isn’t to imply that Skylines isn’t complex. Underneath the user friendly interface there are a set of menus and tables that reveal some of the numbers that lie beneath. Finances, happiness, healthcare, education, crime and transport are all detailed enough to make Skylines worthy of any city building fan.The only thing that some may not like is the slightly sandbox style, especially later in the game. Once the learning curve and introduction of tools is done with there are very little objectives to give you direction.THE GOOD- Cities offer room for expansion- Beautifully detailed miniature village style looks- introduction and learning curve- Great tool designedTHE BAD- Lack of objectives9/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD | GREAT |AMAZING| MASTERPIECE"
76561198077547347,Recommended,255710,34280649,Posted: 16 August,all,HeadFUCKER,"Nice city rulling game. You face some main problemes like traffic, flood etc. However after a while solving metods these problems are become repetitive.But at the end this is a game.Recommended by me."
,Recommended,255710,14939155,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"Absolutely phenomenal. The best City Builder I've played since Sim City 4. Has clearly learned from other city builder games with so many tools to fine tune construction in your city. My main complaint is the numbers/statistics are insane! 600 people dying a day out of a population of 56000?! So many bodies that 10 graveyards and 12 crematoriums can't keep up?! Jesus, just burn them in the streets man!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2O53p5YZBs0"
,Recommended,255710,14830136,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Vaupell,"So you like the cityBuilder simulations.Well this is a true City sim ;)This is what ""us city sim players"" have been missing since we left off from simcity 3000.Finally a real contender with an amazing setup.Highly recomended.  This is how a city builder should be done..  Awesome.but hay, don't take my word for it, I'm the ""new"" fanboy here :dSome people have been complaining about performance,I'm running this on max settings at 1080p and havent had ANY fps issues.This runs very smooth for me, on a 5 year old computer."
,Recommended,255710,20656953,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,kjm015,"This game is basically just a modern, more realistic Sim City. Ironically, it is also several billion times better than the most recent edition of Sim City that is out there. There's no DRM, no EA, no Origin network, no bugs, no connectivity issues, and no DLC whoring (as of yet at least). Very fun, but also very challenging."
,Recommended,255710,28383022,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,The Ruffell,"The highest and newest standard for city builders with brilliant views, sometimes challenging or even good for just doing more creative building"
76561198084723427,Recommended,255710,23362562,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,StarNate,Best city builder since the old school Simcity days.
,Recommended,255710,32887617,Posted: 27 June,all,Tito,If you're into city builders this is a must have
,Recommended,255710,19472326,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,951Jimbo,"I definitely recommend this game.I’m a long time Simcity fan going back to the middle school's computer lab playing Sim City 2000 in the year 1999 on a bright and beautiful iMac.  I even remember the teacher showing kids how to play the game.  What better way to teach kids the value of well funded schools?This game exists mostly because under the ownership of EA the Simcity series has really faltered.  Major technical issues and limitations and lost opportunities and hurt the series.This game is easy, much easier than any Simcity game I’ve played.  Some of it is easier because things just work better, like the water pipe systems.  The economics are just a lot easier.  I actually think this ismorerealistic.  I live in California, and here government funding isn’t really an issue, the issue is that throwing money at problems doesn't really help a lot.  Traffic isn’t an issue of money, it's an issue ofwhatto do.  Same goes for crime, education, and especiallywater, or even pollution.  City skylines emulates this, money isn’t a big problem, but planning and management is the heart of the challenge.ProsGreat aesthetics.  Night time is absolutely beautiful. The city looks great.So many options as far as roads, zoning, utilities, really fun variety.I like the easy economics which let you just focus on city building.Steam workshop and lots of mods.The size of the maps is amazing.  As your city grows you will unlock more and more land, faster than you could fill it.  It really puts Simcity franchise to shame.ConsIt's going to push your system a little bit, but luckily frame rate isn't super important in this genre.The mass transit bus/train stop system with routes feels a little clunky and odd to me."
,Not Recommended,255710,20260807,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,OddJawb,"This game started off awsome, complete  with the whole new car smell - so to speak. I was sooo happy that it felt like simcity 4 but with a fully 3d integrated world and a fully rotational camera. Then as I continued to play I became overwhelmingly unimpressed with how ""unfinished"" the game was.The game has very limited ""Parks & Rec."" places to plop down and make people feel happy about where they live. You also cant ""Free place"" parks and a lot of buildings either as they are required to snap to a road... So if you find yourself in the alto familiar (atleast for me) situation where as your city grows some areas just dont fully integrate and create pockets of unbildable area, and so you decide you want to make a park or ""Pretty"" area in that awkward area - well you cant. You have to have a road running in there as you cant just make it a spruced up area... even if you dont care that it people cant useit because you just want the area to look better to you... you still cant do it without a road.The game also has limited utilities and services available and instead relies on the modding community to make up the difference in how little is actually available for what you pay for the game... If you can pick this game up for under $10 bucks its worth a buy to tinker with - Anything above that and you will likely be disapointed in this game due to how little you are getting for what you pay for. You will then have to turn to the modding commnity to get key portions of the game patched over with much needed features that should have been included."
,Recommended,255710,15511527,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,F L E S H P R I S M,this game makes me dream about making curvy roadsim not even kiddingsomeone help
,Recommended,255710,21850540,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,interFaZer,"A prime example of the benefits of PC gamingCities: Skylines is what happens when you develop a game without consoles in mind.✓ Fun and addictingHear me out: I've always avoided city building games like the plague because I thought they weren't my cup of tea. The free weekend came along and I thought ""why not?""... look at my hours now.✓ 100% moddableSpecific buildings of all types, colors and flavors, intersections, maps, different lighting settings, gameplay-altering mods... just about anything can be found in the workshop. Be warned though: using mods disables achievements.✓ Fair learning curveYou might think a game like this is too complicated, but the truth is... it's not. Cities: Skylines is as complicated as you make it. Sure, if you're a beginner (like me), your first cities will fail, but that's exactly what makes this game so replayable: you learn by failing, and it's fun as hell.✓ Endless possibilities and replayabilityRural town? Metropolis? European capital? Futuristic city? A replica of your town?The only limit is your imagination✗ No season passAs of now, they've released two expansions: After Dark and Snowfall. They'll release more, and that's good, but there's no way to buy a game+expansions pack, which means that no one knows the pricetag for the ultimate experience, and you might end up spending hundreds of euros in the game if they keep releasing expansions. You might think ""how is that a problem? If they release more content, I'll happily pay"". Well, look atTrain Simulator. Would you pay 4,000€ for the full experience? I'm not saying Paradox will take the same route, but they could, and you should be wary.VerdictCities: Skylines has quickly turned into one of my favorite games. I've always likedscale models. This game is like having your own, but alive. I thoroughly recommend it."
76561198095610678,Not Recommended,255710,27892378,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Greatot,"I enjoyed this game quite a bit. Until the developers randomly decided to increase the minimum requirements for it. Went up to 3.0GHz randomly out of nowhere. Can't run the game anymore. This should NOT happen with release titles. Games in EA usually have a warning up saying ""Minimum requirements might change"" because of how hard it can ♥♥♥♥ people over.Paradox didn't care."
,Recommended,255710,29257893,Posted: 14 January,all,successful_snafu,Amazing game that doesn't get old
,Recommended,255710,17121414,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,rom5419_xeqtr,"Finally, a perfect blend of two classic genres: urban planning and traffic management. Especially traffic management. Although the game is meant to be a successor to Simcity 4 and an epic ""take that"" at Simcity 5, it's more of an expansion pack for Cities in Motion 2 since you'll be spending most of your time building costly road layouts and alleviating impossibly-complex traffic grimlocks originating from said road layouts. Thankfully this time you have a proper user-friendly GUI and grid/non-grid transition system to assist you when placing and aligning splines according to your OCD level. Be sure to always focus on transit-oriented development rather than classic suburban sprawl as this game is almost completely Northwest Euro-centric in nature.Compared to SC4 though, many vital elements are either oversimplified or nonexistent; whilst new concepts such as sewage disposal are shoved up your♥♥♥♥♥without regard to any learning curve, and normally mundane tasks become so overpowered such that it's an instant game-over if your rubbish trucks are too slow. (No, seriously.) Starting a new town, however, is considerably less tedious as there are in-built milestones to restrict asset requirements to your population growth level. But ultimately, this game is set in the present day, when your cims expect everything from power to water and even Internet services from the moment you zone your first residential area and have nearly zero tolerance or grace period for any unfortunate events; so treat all your peepur like stereotypical teenage white girls at all times or it's express bankruptcy for you. Whether take this as a challenge or setback, your mileage may vary. Interesting new features like fluid mechanics and restricted aviation pathways also help to determine your final city layout, reducing the monotony of the mid-game era.Personally, I feel that Colossal Order have definitely learnt from most of their mistakes committed in CIM2; whether or not Paradox published games' infamous DLC-spam policy also applies to this release is yet to be confirmed. Many of the other ""overwhelmingly positive"" reviews seem to be rants from starved city-building fanboys and SC5 haters who long-awaited a player-friendly magnum opus of the genre, praising CSL for the messianic role it plays in the wake of SC5's epic failure with little thought about the potential shortcomings of this hastily-released masterpiece. Even though flaws in the Unity Engine's ability to cope with the game design remain evident, it's clear why this game broke 1,000,000 purchases in about the time it took for Gangnam Style views to hit 100 times that number. And yes, you can mod that in-game too, for free."
76561198157025934,Recommended,255710,18236302,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,ChesterWolf the Griffin,This is one of the best games i have played
76561197990884290,Recommended,255710,14883952,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,=Sierra=,"I never got into Cities in Motion, I'm not sure why, but I adored the cities themselves, and thought ""Why don't they make a city builder for this??""So when I found out that they had done just that, I bought it instantly, and have no regrets, other than a mild confusion about where my last two days went. The only issues I have are really mild (annoying interface sounds, you have to manually rebuild burnt-down buildings, some little issues with the UI, no autosave), but even those are all solved by various mods on Workshop, which work flawlessly.I've been playing city builders since Sim City 1, and this is easily the most pleasant experience I've ever had with one.This is the game you've been waiting for. 10/10"
,Recommended,255710,16518420,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,AniramEm,"I'm going to say right now that I absolutely love this game and I'm addicted and I'm most likely in the top 10-ish percent of the people with the highest amount of hours put into the game. Now, the pros and cons then the verdict.ProsNo need to be online (unless you're getting mods or assets)Very good road system with okay traffic AIInsane amount of possibilities for road intersections as well as rail and metro intersectionsNot SimCity 2015Large selection of mods that can improve this already amazing gameHuge maps that are over 9 times the size of SimCity's (25x or even 81x with mods)Worked on launch dayVery good sense of progression via unlocks and just seeing your city riseThe game looks incredible and can look even better with modsGiant amount of assets available that range from Suburbanhouses to huge statues and highrisesInsane levels of detailMuch, much more but I want to get back to playing XDConsDefault traffic AI is a bit wonky (can be fixed with mods)A few glitchs (paths going underground, Roads working incorrectly)Some assets may have low quality resolutionsSome mods can almost break your gameKeep in mind that the mods and assets cannot be controlled by the devs so it's not their fault that some are a bit low quality.Final Verdict9.5/10This game is a must have and I don't regret spending any of my hours in this game."
,Recommended,255710,32825108,Posted: 26 June,all,Hoeless,"Took a day off school to solve my cities huge education problem, 10/10 would miss again."
,Recommended,255710,16612938,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,gcalder,I recommend this game because I personally
,Recommended,255710,14939636,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Tendaji,"Built a dam expecting glorious amounts of power. Ended up flooding 75% of the city putting me at -$10,000 deficit. And they say there are not any disasters in the game!11/10"
,Recommended,255710,14847298,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,tsilb,The SimCity I thought I was getting from EA.This is what happens when THE traffic simulator guys decide to go big.
,Recommended,255710,16331867,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Razoric,"This is the SimCity sequel we've wanted for years. Icing on the cake is the amazing mod support and constant developer updates.Build and rule over your city, one roadway at a time."
,Recommended,255710,14852971,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Dantivio,"its exactly like sim city 4 was before EA bought them, and they improved in every way shape and form. 10/10"
76561198039798712,Recommended,255710,16219973,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Axe99,"A top-notch city sim, best new franchise in years, and significantly betters established franchises in many areas.  Lots of options for how to develop your city, and lots of depth in terms of how the different parts of the city interact with each other (and how to manage the resulting traffic).  Getting great support from the devs as well."
,Recommended,255710,17301599,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Fish-E,"There's no campaign, tutorial etc but it's still a fun game!"
,Recommended,255710,14850652,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Aurich,"9 times bigger than Sim City and a third the price (on launch.) Cities Skylines is great fun, and far less frustrating to play as well.So far I'm loving how innovative and creative you can be with roads, creating small walking paths right up to super complex highway systems, and it all works perfectly. The game is fairly easy so far, and I've expanded my city fast, but it's still only about an eighth it's full potential size.Some things are missing. No modular buildings, no day/night cycle, and the graphics are *slightly* less impressive than Sim City. But with the amount of mod support, I imagine any and all issues can and will be overcome very quickly.I recommend this for anyone who loves city sims, and may have been disappointed by Sim City."
,Recommended,255710,14863447,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,wolfofthenyght,"I LOVE this game. It's everything Simcity looked like it should have been.The entire city you manage is persistant and constantly evolving, meaning- people live, work, and commute to the same places in the same vehicle every day (you can click on cars and see who owns them!). and even eventually have familes and die. The game can be as simple, or as complex as you want, with the ability to create districts which allow you to set individual laws and regulations, turning industrial zones into farming areas with low taxes, residential into luxury apartments with high taxes, or specialized industy areas to gather resources like oil, coal, and wood (yes, forestry is a thing in this). Not to mention, EVERYTHING is renamable; Districts, people, and buildings.And buildings. You can't forget about the fact that you can MAKE and SHARE buildings, parks, and even maps with powerful, but easy to use in game asset editors. Its easy to go to the workshop, grab some maps, buildings, or lots you like and add them to your game!Placement of buildings is also important. A lot of buildings will create polution- but not just the regular type you would expect like smog and soil polution- many buildings will also create noise polution, and make people living near them very upset.It's like they took all the best features from the -old- simcity games (water pipes and power lines YAY!), re-engineered them, put their own twist on some things, and made a beautiful game out of it. Incredibly happy with this purchase, especially considering the wonderfully reasonable price. WHY ARE YOU STILL READING THIS!? BUY IT. :D"
,Recommended,255710,15028023,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,The_Manbat™,I have no idea what im doing10/10
76561198007245576,Recommended,255710,14881589,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,army4god,This is not just the best city builder but the best game that I have played in awhile.  It is rare that a game can grab my attention these days in a way that makes me want to play it all day. This one has accomplished it.  I have not enjoyed a city builder this much since the original Sim City. If you like this style of game at all do not hesitate to buy this.
76561197984116717,Recommended,255710,15288244,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,sckchui,"A great city-builder, this game takes all the best city-building game mechanics and puts them together in a well-balanced package.  The UI is a little obtuse in some areas, and not all of the important information is clearly conveyed, but you can get used to it.  Traffic is a big part of the game, and the quality of your road layouts will make or break your city.  Fortunately, the AI is very adept at pathfinding through your streets, and problem locations can easily identified by the traffic jams.  The economy is very easy and forgiving, so you can mostly just focus the fun part of designing and not have to worry much about micromanaging your economy.  Everything SimCity (2015) did wrong, this game did right."
76561197982730705,Recommended,255710,18318803,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Kaneu,"THIS is what EA's simcity SHOULD have been. Paradox has totally outdone themselves with this game!There is no question that if you are city building fan, this game is a MUST for your library.Just buy it and see what i mean!"
76561198179383914,Recommended,255710,15005894,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,kjblank,"Just simply amazing!  Not since SimCity 4 has a truly full city building and simulation experience been produced.  The developers from the begining supporting modding is what will make this game last.The steam community has already provide volumes of content for this game and it will only go up from their.I view this game as more of a platform than can built upon not only by modders but also by the game developers from Colossal Order.  Their potential for future DLC and expansions to add more capabilities beyond what modders can provide is really up to their imagination.If you followed the development of this game, you realized that this masterpiece was put together by a small dedicated team.  Looking at the end product, you would think a team of hundreds were involved.  It was less than 20 people.Colossal Order, congratulations!  You have made what city simulation enthusiasts have been demanding for years."
,Recommended,255710,16354259,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BritishWanderer,My dam backed up all the water and made all my cims drink sewage.11/10 would make all my citizens drink poop water again
,Recommended,255710,14957343,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,DelScorcho,"The review is this:  All the good stuff from SC5, none of the bad.  Where you got all of the bad stuff from SC5, Skylines has improved it to where it works.I am not writing this to badmouth SC5, I spent hundreds of hours playing it and enjoyed it for the most part except for the major concerns players had:No single highway in/out of your city causing major traffic bottlenecks.  The game allows you to expand your city to larger areas (Major concern of SC5 players).  The game includes Metro stations unlike SC5.  As far as public transportation you can not only place them but plan their routes like Cities in Motion.When you build roadways it will grid out exactly the depth of your city buildings construction of what you zone next to the road.  The highways are reconstructable to your liking.  The road tool to create curved roads was a little bit confusing on how to make the desired curved effect at first, but after a little while of experimenting it is not difficult and a much stronger mechanic then SC5.The thing I like the most is you are unable to construct High Density areas right at start.  You must start with Low Density and earn by population growth the higher density/metropolis buildings expected to see in a major city vs. a small town, i.e. small towns don't have nuclear power plants.  Civs will sort of trickle into your city little by little instead of having a massive population boom which undercuts your public services.All in all it is exactly what everyone was hoping for from SC5.For all the DLC complainers, I also own SC5 Cities of Tomorrow and found that enjoyable with all its problems, although I won't buy any more SC5 DLC's, if Skylines releases any DLC's I will be purchasing them as the developers obviously have learned from the catastrophic release of SC5 online play is not required."
,Recommended,255710,14850199,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Macho Man,"If you have autism you should probably stay away from this game, as it will surely trigger it."
76561197965282929,Recommended,255710,14870477,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Yeania Aeon,after the bad taste of the failure Ea throwed at us this is a game to have as a simbuilder this game is as simcity shud have been
,Recommended,255710,15393346,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Professor Fact-Ass,"WARNING: YOU ARE WASTING YOUR TIME READING THIS WARNING!C:S is a fantastic city building game, I suck at it.The traffic system Is fantastic and while the cars can act strange sometimes it's always fun to just watch the traffic (When has ANYONE EVER said that?! Oh yeah, since this game was released... ).I honestly have a hard time with money because I don't build enough RCI early on, and spend most of my money dicking around with roads, HOWEVER there is a MAP EDITOR and an ASSET EDITOR and STEAM WORKSHOP SUPPORT right from the get go for me to do this in! Yep, you heard me, steam fricking workshop! This means that you can do basically whatever you want!Goodnight :)Oh yeah and by the way, BUY THE DAMN GAME!"
,Recommended,255710,14943743,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,ike5,"Perdi a família, os amigos e a vida social, mas em troca finalmente coloquei o sistema de metrô pra funcionar. O único problema é que a cidade ficou abandonada pois os carros-fúnebre não conseguiam chegar até a casa dos falecidos.10/10 melhor sucessor espiritual do SimCity 4"
,Recommended,255710,16001104,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,protoborg,Amazing game.  It does things Simcity always should have.
,Recommended,255710,15034225,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Mp Jens (>N<),"Man this'ms god gam; oh Gracious it'ms.It'ms god inna way like d'SimCity 4 was. As d'Developernaitings is sayems that they's to addings Tunnelers which I's thinkems is what ams Needed in gam to be absolut gracious an Magnificent.But also Moodings ams god an leko, but oyley in d'Gams livfe so is much potencials to be outcommings from that.Is you also d'Thinkenaitings abbut d'Gams t'Byems, than you's t'Doings, god fun an also challange if wantings god lookings.On a skale from 5 to 21 I's gievings 6,32  ~ It'ms very god gam."
,Recommended,255710,17743477,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,frodo2397,"In short, the best game in its genre to date. BUY IT!There's no way an ordinary schmuck is going to write a review to top Mayor Todd's, so, instead of the usual review that compares this game directly to similar games, here is a list of some fun things you can do in this game:1) Play offline, with a smooth framerate and a sensible interface2) Build beautiful, sprawling 3D cities (rather than 2D grids or absurdist skyscraper hamlets), and view them with a few different color palettes3) Get Steam achievements4) Follow individual cars, trucks, buses, trains, and airplanes fromrealisticorigin point torealisticdestination5) Micromanage public transportation, as in OpenTTD (which is free, btw.)6) Build or downloadawesomehighway interchanges, with ramps, bridges, and tunnels (like the double-paperclip interchange)7) Watch as trucks pile up in one lane of a six-lane road, causing fury and hair-tearing on your part(this is one of the few cons)8) Build ultra-modernist, utopian phalansteries that would make Le Corbusier proud9) Build facsimiles of older, Southern European cities (using ""European-style"" maps)10) Join the urban farming movement, only to watch your semi-realistic gravel roads get clogged with absurd numbers of tractors11) Cause disease due to sewage contamination, floods that disable buildings, and floods of contaminated sewage that causes disease and disables buildings, thanks to improper water management (water physics in this game are somewhat believable)12) Build a surfeit of fire stations, incinerators, and crematoria (or watch your people suffer)13) Build  OP monuments that give massive amounts of electricity, universal (cheap) health care, universal (cheap) education, huge land value increases, and other crazy benefits, after torturing your city to meet arbitrary/sadistic production requirements (e.g., health care satisfaction under 20%)14) See a whole bunch of generic Scandinavian buildings and vehicles that kind of look like they came from a kid's train set15) Speaking of train sets, this game lets you set up digital dioramas involving trains and transportation, and view them with Simcity 2013-style tilt shift shader (don't worry, you can turn it off if you don't like it)16) Make your own maps and interchanges using the built-in tools (or decorate existing buildings)17) Rename people, houses, businesses, and districts (or, for that matter, abuse eminent domain) to get the perfect ""feel""18) Make your own hiking trails and place trees manually along them for aesthetics19) Build huge, attractive residential zones, only to find that, forty years later, all the people there get old and die, thus overburdening your deathcare system, which spreads disease, which causes more death, which causes economic collapse, which causes industries to fail, which causes commercial zones to whine about not having goods or customers, which causes power outages when you bulldoze the commercial zones, which cause all the remaining citizens to pack up and leave.20) Spend 100 hours straight building one city, and forget about your family, your school, your job, and your overheating graphics card (until the game crashes and you lose your city... NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!)Here is a list of things you can do in this game with Workshop content and mods:1) Play offline, sometimes with a choppier framerate2) Build even more beautiful cities, using EVEN MORE SPACE, and view them with a variety of different shader effects (such as ambient occlusion, edge detection à la Borderlands, ""godrays,"" and Dynamic Resolution)3) NOT get Steam achievements (unless you install another mod)4) Follow individual vehicles with a first-person view--and, for a greater challenge, reduce their speeds to make for realistic traffic congestion levels5) Micromanage public transportation a bit more (including dedicated bus roads, bypass passenger stations, public parking garages...)6) Build even better highway interchanges, with better lane controls (seriously, I've spent hours doing this)7) No mods to fix this one yet, though some help mitigate it8) Build post-modernist tract housing (à la suburban America), brutalist slums/housing projects, British row houses, and trailer parks (or ""caravan clubs,"" for you Brits out there)9) Build insane skyscrapers that tower unrealistically over pieds-a-terre and hipster-infested coffee shops, and then surround them with statues of evil hamsters and giant blobs of metal10) Make farms that kind of look like farms11) Cause tsunamis and massive floods12) This one's still a problem; why can't one or two crematoria be enough?!13) Build community-designed monuments that may, or may not, be overpowered14) Download tons of vehicles and growable buildings from the Workshop (from Coca-Cola trucks to Winnebago RV's toFallout-esque shanties, complete with Nuka-Cola machines), and spice up your roads15) Did I mention thatrealistic historical locomotivesare available on the Steam Workshop?16) Make buildings, mods, etc., and upload to Steam Workshop (for more adventurous types)17) Clone growable buildings to get the perfect aesthetic (believe me, this is cooler than it sounds)--or, better yet, place individual props yourself18) Make your own hiking trails, place trees with Tree Brush, and hike the aforementioned trails19) Do that, but without the incessant Chirpy tweets of ""#movingout.""20) Spend 150 hours building your city; run into 65,536 object limit in game after getting to a population over 200,000... NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!""Cannot place any more objects of this type.""Must... build... more... stuff...""Cannot place any more objects of this type.""Must... build... more... stuff...TL;DR (99% of people say so after reading this review) BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT!"
,Recommended,255710,18171135,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,[KLM Virtual - Owner] Hascast,This is the most bestest city building game i have ever played!Goods:Great graphicsGreat NavigationGreat UIGreat PhysicsGreat AIGood GameLovely controlsBetter than Simcity by EANot charging you for uneeded DLC unlike EABads:If you download a non-popular item from the workshop it will creat a bug witch no citizent will move in to your city. It will be a ghost city. I had to remove all of my workshop content to fix this problem.
,Recommended,255710,23373113,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,YoruNight,It is what SimCity should've been
76561198259256771,Recommended,255710,21809201,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Theo,Good
,Recommended,255710,15347139,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,DeekFTW,"This game is phenomenal. Not since I first bought and downloaded Minecraft have I played one game for such a long period of time without switching to another game here or there. This game has the feel of a early RollerCoaster Tycoon game where you can tell the developers took pride in creating and perfecting every little detail and aspect of the game. This game is extremely addicting in the best way possible. Your city, the city that you watch rise out of a field of grass, feels alive. There is always a buzz around town and you truly feel like you and your civs are in it together. You feel a sense of obligation to your fellow city members after a while. If there is a traffic problem, you want to fix it for their sake and your own. After you fix that first problem, you look to improve another aspect of how your city is planned. After that, there is something else to improve. You can see why it is so hard to bank that final save of the night and hit that quit button.There are a few little things here and there that aren't perfect in the game yet. Some UI tweaks are needed and the driving AI is in need of an overhaul but for a game that was developed by a team of under 20 people a few minor issues are to be expected. I've seen blockbuster titles being released with more issues than this game. Mod support is incredible in this game as well. I've never seen such a seamless integration with the steam workshop in a game. If there is an issue that you have with an aspect of this game, there is very likely a mod that will change it for you.I would say I have definitely gotten my money's worth out of this game already and I don't intend on putting it down in the near future. I can only say thank you to a development team that deserves the high praise that this game has garnered. I can only hope that they keep making games that are as simple yet deep with gameplay as Cities: Skylines in the future."
76561197994816052,Recommended,255710,14834054,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Kreggur,"This game is everything that Simcity should have been. It runs really well, the cities you create get really big and you can customize the layout of roads and zoning in a huge variety of ways. For anyone that wants a good citybuilder, I can't stress enough how much you need to play this game."
,Recommended,255710,14988547,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Ansehelm,"> Too busy managing Town B.> Forgot to build cemetries for Town A.> All Town A cemetries full.> Heard chirping alarm and went back to Town A> Residents begin moving out> *Yaomingface*> Rename Town A ""Land of the Death""> Continue manage Town B"
,Recommended,255710,14984645,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Katarinya,Cities: Skylines? More like Cities: Traffic Simulator
,Recommended,255710,14827929,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Yetteh,"I have only played a few hours of this, but its the most impressive city builder I have played since Sim City 4. This is what hard-core fans of the city building genre have been looking for since Sim City 4.Gameplay: 8.5/10The gameplay is fun and addictive with a focus towards solving challenges with road systems and infastracture being the core element of the game as-well as being creative, its a very relaxing and fun task to build your city up and never seems to get boring. The weaknesses is its depth, the game does everything well but doesnt excel in any areas in particular.Graphics: 8/10The graphics are very pretty and defiantly up to 2014 standard. It lacks proper anti-aliasing in some areas and I found the blur filter overwhelming in areas.Sound:The sound is very well done and I have no complaints about this."
,Recommended,255710,15081496,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,horrocks,its pretty good
76561198153012491,Recommended,255710,18169009,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Marx,Forget about SimCity.I dreamed about this all my life! Awesome city simulator + a lot of content in the workshop.
,Recommended,255710,14842374,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Sleve McDichael,"Addicting, fun, and everything SimCity should have been.  Some minor flaws are overshadowed by the raw amount of things they did right, and the faith I have in the developers after seeing their philosophy on game design in general."
76561198074298509,Recommended,255710,14857419,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,ThunDocodile,"It's almost like you don't need EA to have a fun city building game, Please, Don't contain your shock ladies and gentlemen I know it's hard to believe.."
76561198021974257,Recommended,255710,14832041,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Gun-Runner89X,"Now THIS is a proper city builder. Smooth gameplay on highest graphics settings on a moderate PC. Nice graphics. Good solid UI. The ability to create your own parks/buildings/etc, Great modding support. Map 9x bigger than SimCity 2013 (potentially bigger with mods!).This game is awesome. A few minor things I would like to see improved (easier planting of trees in clusters instead of one at a time, as an example. But otherwise brilliant game where I will undoubtedly spend many hours lost in."
76561198045399499,Recommended,255710,14832395,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,peng,Everything SimCity lacked for half the price!This game is what modern city building should be defined as; congratulations to Collosal Order in creating what is sure to be one of many amazing modern city builders. Out with SimCity and in with Cities!Do yourself a favor and pick up this game; haven't stopped for food or even looked at a clock since I got home today...Didn't even realize I have been playing for 4 hours lol
,Recommended,255710,14905352,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Vddicted,"A must have, if you like City Management. 10/10"
,Recommended,255710,14831145,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,radonthetyrant,"The best city builder around. The scope is amazingly huge, the simulation is very detailed and the visuals are great. Feels like what sim city should have been.Only the traffic has some inferiour behaviour at the moment, which gets patched hopefully."
,Recommended,255710,14833121,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Bad Pint,Mmm. I can taste the tears of the suits at EA. Welcome to the new king of City Builders. Skylines is everything I've wanted since Sim City 4.
,Recommended,255710,20131766,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sainsbury`s own brand gin,"Where do I start. This is a wonderful game. It`s what simcity should of been. The fact that every single person or building is simulated, but the performance is still decent on a rubbish PC. I love it to my heart, and I hope you will too."
,Recommended,255710,14915311,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,GrAmPa,Although I haven't played that many city builders this one is definitely the best I've played so far. It's making me spend too much time playing it when I should be doing other things....Extremely enjoyable and the modding support just makes it even better. This game has a big future.
76561197984501086,Recommended,255710,15530751,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,MojoMonkey,"Cities: Skylines is incredibly addictive - the detail of the simulation, especially around traffic management makes this city sim strategic. Creating a city is very simple, but crafting a large sprawling metropolis that works well requires careful consideration. Lots of options for customisation to make this game play how you want it to - definitely recommend."
,Recommended,255710,15103051,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,KingWensel,"Cities Skylines is a marvel of City Building. (Who knew a Game could build better then real life engineers? (SORRY GUYS!))This game takes the best of every City Builder, and turns it into a simple $30.00 worth of perfection.It's hell fun to play... and of course flooding your city with a Dam, or running your sewage directly into your water, is fun if you DO get bored with the hours and hours of fun this game presents.Build your city... Live your city... Or... Destroy your city. May the Odds be forever in your favor! >:D"
,Recommended,255710,14842308,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Who stole my fruit snacks?,"A absolutely fantastic city-builder for newer players and vets of the genre alike. Its all we wish Simcity (2013) was and more. Expansive areas to build in and enjoyable mechanics, with the exception of the incredibly annoying bird that enjoys popping up fake ""tweets"", this game is an easy 9/10."
,Recommended,255710,25351359,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,FadeofRuno,"95 hours of gameplay and I have only one city that is thriving. I almost reached to 100k people yet there is alot more to do. The achievement system, in my opinion, is great. For example, after increasing your population by, lets say 5000 people, new buildings unlock. These buildings help you build even a bigger city. To be honest though, it's slow and boring in the beginning. You can buy new square lands and increase the size of your city as your population is increasing. The economy isn't as hard as it is in SimCity so you can easily gain money. My only complaint is that you cannot buy all of these lands but fortunately there is a mod that can allow you to do that. Also, there aren't natural disasters but now they will soon add it as you can see from the DLC list! Can't wait for it!Enjoy and have fun building your own city!*Hint*: Use underground highway tunnels and roundabouts and connect them to another roundabout on the ground level so your traffic wont be so jammed. Also, dont make intersections so close to each other so there wont be frequent jams."
,Recommended,255710,18392612,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,eMineLLL,"The only thing limiting you in this game is your imagination. Just fire up a Mozart, Beethoven, Bach or Chopin in your ears and build and plan and plant and sometimes joke around!Build the city of your dreams or experiment any city planning on those sorry souls that live in your city, make them educated or send them to mine those coals for generations to come (nope it dries as fast you can read this sentence!)Build under roads, over roads, over over roads or ultra mega super over roads: arcade edition. as long as you are willing to play around, this game have things to offer. (+mods)expand your horizons and sh♥t on every river or lake you find and feed it to your humble citizens. After all, It's your dream city! ;)"
,Recommended,255710,14999367,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,jordanduc,Best city building simulator to date!
,Recommended,255710,15037757,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Dryerlint,A good game.
,Recommended,255710,14834790,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Arif Arji,This game ruin my sleep habit. Beware you will sleeping in your daily work.Why map in this game so large. I can't even stop to sleep. >_<
,Recommended,255710,27615524,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,=EGC= _Nite_,"addicting city simulation, brings back memories of Sim Citythe graphics are great, the building is easybe warned however that the larger the city gets the worse the performance gets, this game takes very heavy use of CPU and RAMI dropped to as low as 15fps when zoomed in on a city of 200,000 population"
,Recommended,255710,14924246,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Glete,"The best citybuilder available, you should buy it. buy it. buy it."
76561198068591661,Recommended,255710,30385238,Posted: 7 March,all,10th ACB | DEMON,"Really great city simulator overall. Loving the base game, can't wait to see all the possible mods!! I only wish coop was available,  would like to create a city with friends. However, overall fantastic simulator, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,255710,30361017,Posted: 6 March,all,The Untouchable Queen,"I have to thank Lazy Game Reviews for making a review on this to sway my decison to get this game. I got it on sale and I can not believe how many leagues better this is compared to Simcity 2013.... This was the game I pined Simcity to be. However, dont be fooled by the additonal needs you need to take care of such as sewage and death care or you could mess things up. Once you learn abnout the new needs, it is very satisfying to build a city"
,Recommended,255710,24424249,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,thecitiesdork,"I come from a time where the original ""Sim City"" was nothing but a bunch of squares and dots, and have played every version. Cities definitely exceeded my expectations by more than I could have imagined. Very realistic simulation. So much to do and see after you create an established city. This is pretty much the only PC game that I play now with over 300 hours played since purchased. Great game all around, and highly recommended if you are into city simulation games.Can't wait to see what Cities might be planning in the future!!"
,Recommended,255710,16620999,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,molybdenum42,"A great game that can easily consume hours. Easy to learn, difficult to master - a great game for newcomers to the genre as well as seasoned veterans of many SimCities.Many varied maps make for a different gameplay experience with every new town. Traffic is the main enemy, and to overcome it, creativity is key."
,Recommended,255710,14837317,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,🍕 ᴢᴀᴄʜᴡᴀᴠᴇ♬,"This is the best modern building sim that's out there. Amazing, and the fact there's a workshop only means that the content will get better and more polished.I built a dam and slapped a few sewage pumps behind it. The banks werent steep and it began to flood hot chocolate all over my residential areas. Little Jimmy and his dog started to stroll around in the delicious dookie until it went over there heads.Jimmy's mother tweeted about the pumps, and never saw her son again.I also renamed a hotdog truck. Wieners on wheels incase you had to know.Fun game, and it's 30$."
,Recommended,255710,25747613,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,A Glowing Thing,"Cities: Skylines is without a doubt the best city builder/simulator to date. Just imagine all of the other city builders/simulators you've played now combine the best parts and you get this, plus more.What I liked:User Interface- All of the menus and tooltips are very polished and very legible. Extremely easy to use. Simple in overall design, it won't overwelm you.Great Population Simulation- The simulation is very percise especially when it comes to street traffic. It also exists litterally its not just numbers/math in the background. You can see and track whats occurring in the simulation, The combined functions of health, education, police, etc work extremely well and effect the population with the most realisism in the genre. Funding litterally affects performance by limiting say a hospitals actual resources less ambulances, less beds, less doctors has effects that you can really see in the whole simulation. Traffic effects the performance of all elements the use roads. As resources are litterally transported in vehicles and the longer it takes for them to get there stops functionailty of other systems.Well Balanced Population Needs- The creation and coverage of services/leisure correctly influence the land value and allow the population to upgrade its businesses and homes in a detailed and sensible fashion.Excellent Power and Water Grid Simulation- When not enough water/electricity is being generated the furtherest structures based on the distance of connections through other building and powerlines/pipes are the building effected by it. Meaning that the grid actually exists rather then just being production minus requirement.Procedural Appearance/Connections- There is no grid that strictly defines where structures and roads are built. Instead you can draw curved roads that have correct appearances. Building built on curves will connect visually to the nearby structures and roads accurately. Intersections and changes to road types merge well.Policies- you can have global policies and specific policies. You can mark your own custom areas for the specific policies. Many of the policies actually have useful effects that also are shown in the overall simulation.Information Views- Selecting a service in the menus or specifically activating the contextual informative view has a complete full 3-D and statistcal analysis that is easy to understand.Dynamic WeatherTerraforming- The tools for changing the ground itself are also easy to use and the terrain has a very detailed mesh so hills, etc look very smooth.Water Physics - The water bodies actually feature flowing water. Terraforming and Canals will manipulate water flow. You can flood your city. This is also import when it comes to building dams as water has a rate of flow based on the terrain its flowing through.City Specializations- Resources are fully simulated. As in they are not extracted for a single purpose/objective. Normal industry actually needs the materials to function. Industry will either import resources from outside of your city or get it from within your city. Resources can only be found in certain areas in the map or not at all. When you create industry zones over a resource they will need to be specilized using the policy zones. When you've picked say agriculture the industry zones will become farms. The farms performance depends on the quality of the area. The normal industry and commercial structures will use generated resources. If you produce more than your city needs the goods will be exported out of the city.Continuing Development- The game is being expanded upon through dlc paid content and some free patches. Getting seasons gameplay is a paid dlc while the canals and terraforming were added for free. The paid dlc adds seasons, new Night related simulations with new commercial options, and a new public transportation option. The free patches added; road conditions and servicing, dynamic weather, terraforming and canals, stadiums, custom themes and other specific buildings. Do remember if we want to see more in the game they can't do the work for free.Mod Support- Mods are fully supported allowing quite substantial changes. Some could be considered cheating, but for the most part many of them are graphical changes and upgrades. The most useful Mods that are not cheating are very helpful. Things like deeper traffic analysis and tracking, Manual road Intersection options, custom road speed limits, protractors for drawing roads, along with many others. Many of the things missing from the vanilla game can be found as mods as well as nicer graphics to change up the look of things.Things I disliked:Engine Bottleneck- Eventually you will have such a large city that the simulation will become to much to process. Observing the hardware however the engine is making full use of the processor.  Your maximum city size without taking a performance hit is determined by your processor bottlenecking if you don't have a good one, but eventually you will start losing performance regardless.Performance/Graphics- The graphics are okay, but when you start getting a lot of structures in your city. The graphics card usage gets unreasonably high for what you get. Your maximum city size without taking a performance hit is determined by when your graphics card bottlenecks. The default appearance of the game colour wise is very dull. Theme mods get you past this.Broken Tourism- After Dark has rendered tourism useless and even without After Dark seems to have very little useful functionality. This has been the case for quite a while now.Final Summary:The developers are releasing patches to optimize the engine along with new features. Optimization aside you will still find the game very playable. Even with broken tourism its still a lot better then the competitors in its current state. I'm sure you won't regret supporting the games further additions and fixes if you pick it up today.(I will remove or change the negatives if they are resolved)"
,Recommended,255710,16705039,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Dissonance,The best city simulation game on the market.
,Recommended,255710,33326351,Posted: 6 July,all,JUSTSavage!,Best And Best And Best City Bulid Game in The Universe!!!!!!
,Recommended,255710,15074165,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,hashimoto4life,"This game is absolutely great. The best city builder out there, no doubt about it.Beats Cities XXL ten times over."
,Recommended,255710,16860896,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Acc3ss Violation,This large-scale city builder's mod support makes it even more awesome than it already is!
76561198006514195,Recommended,255710,14829980,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Monsteri,Simply the best citybuilder hands down. Simcity is a joke compared to this and Cities XL and XXL series does not compare verywell either. Every single thing has been clearly tought out to make the best citybuilder game ever and I think they succeeded. Can it be improved? Sure. It can be made better. There are things that I dont like but compared to competition... If you want to build a city. This is the game you want.
,Recommended,255710,25729762,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,TeddyStyle,"I know that this game has got a lot of love in terms of mod content. If I talk about negative points in this game or positive ones they can be fixed or enhanced with mods. If you do buy the game you should try them out.I love how the game provides you the freedom to do whatever you want. You need water,sewage power and roads and from that point you can start building districts and creating your own city without any restrictions. If you don't consider slope a restriction, it shouldn't be considered as one because you can terraform. I noticed while building my cities that I still didn't use all the buildings that are available in this game that's because there are so many options. The transport options in this game are also pretty elaborated. You can build airports, trainstations, harbors, tramstations and busstations. The game also provides a good dose of challenge if you are willing to expand your city a lot. Starting from 60000 population, which is a truck load of people and can't be done in a day, you unlock monuments. For each of these monuments you have to complete challenges to unlock the building itself. Some of these challenges really require you to screw up your city and survive, for example lower your taxes to 5 procent and survive for 5 years. If that isn't enough you have to get back to the point that you were at before the challenge and then save up around a million. If that isn't enough challenge I don't know what is to you.Although this a pretty good game there are some important downsides. Starting with traffic as the main issue. First off the highways leading to your city are way too small. It prevents you from fixing traffic without bulldozing as much of that highway as possible. They are very inefficient, if they were bigger they would be more useful. Another way how traffic clogs up is the bus system. In one city I made around 200 buslines, which is many but it was an experiment, half of my traffic was bus because each line had like 30-50 busses driving on it. I find it unrealistic and unnecessary to have that much busses on a line. I think setting a maximum to 10 per line, or even 5 per line, is definitly enough. Second we have the income system, not that it is something general it is more a visual issue to me than it may be to you. You see next to your money amount how much you earn per week but you gain money daily and I don't get why. It is way easier for the player to understand what is happening when it's either gaining money per week and seeing how much you earn per week than doing the two combined for some reason. Another thing I find unfortunate is the limitation. You start of with 1 plot of land and you can only expand 8 more plot, which is not a lot to me.Overall a good pickup to play once in a while with or without mods."
76561198277657169,Recommended,255710,30572429,Posted: 17 March,all,HooHeeHaa,"Best city simulation game in the future five years(even ten, dare I say) with an infinity of mods and assets which , if used correctly and with refinement, can turn your vast map into a super realistic city(or a futuristic city as you wish). Whatever I want can be found in the game, various types of roads and highways, tram lines, TGVs, metro, beautiful plazas, natural parks, skyscrapers, blablabla...and believe me CSL brings you ultimate satisfaction. It's more than a sandbox, it's a paradise for creative minds."
76561198094775445,Recommended,255710,34706415,Posted: 3 September,all,Envy,Upgrade ur skills n creativity on this game (9/10)Addicted (8.5/10)Many workshop (8.5/10)More dlc but expensive (6/10)Nice simulation game (8.5/10) for this game
,Recommended,255710,14860837,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Caboose,Tons of tools snd a great way to ease you into them. It really is the best and sadly only city building game for a long time. Wait is over and this is it. If you like Sim City you have a home with this Cities Skyline. This is not Cities XL/2012/Plat/XXl and has no relation to those broken games.Also $30. Like why are you reading this. Just press the Add to Cart button right there. Scroll the F back up.
,Recommended,255710,14988885,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,tylde?,Syndrom jeszcze jednej dzielnicy i rozwiązywania problemów stworzonych przez rozwiązanie poprzednich.10/10 XD
76561198045660266,Recommended,255710,14860266,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Skeletor(Lord of Destruction),You can add a park with a statue of Dickbutt in your city from the workshop. My people now worship multiple Dickbutt parks during their liesure activity.10/10 All hail Dickbutt.
,Recommended,255710,14971790,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,WooX,"this review is gonna be in 2 parts ( the game itself and comparing it to other City builders games)PART 1:  the game itself.Cities Skyline is a City builder game,  it runs smoothly  on  most machines but not on older ones or laptops , it requires allot of power to run.the game only have 1 mode which is build your own city.  u manage the needs of the citizens from electricity education and other services.  until you build a city big enough to expand and manage the traffics ...etcthe Price tag is acceptable for what the game offers. if u are new to these type of games its a good entire point.the end game is lack luster though but if u reached that level u alreay have inversted 40-60 hours inOverall its worth while. so I recommend it as it's the best city builder game available on steam.--------------PART 2 : Comparison to other city builder games.1- SimCity5 (2013)the game UI is very similar which is nice, cause u don't need to relearn stuff from scratch . the game graphics in cities skyline is kinda better. but almost similar to Simcity.cities skylines have very Huge building area compared to simCity Which has some major Pros  and cons at the same time.what simcity was aiming at when they did give u small areas is to give the players more challenge on how to manage their city as u cannot build everything in one city thus increasing the replayablily  of the game.where in cities skylines u only need to build 1 city and manage it. there are no neighboring cities to interact with.also in SimCity5 have online multiplayer mode. as u can play with your friends making the best use of your cities co-op to build a huge workplace the benefit the entire region.unlike cities skylines the end game is lackluster. I only spend playing  40 hours and already built everything in the city reached the final stage and have no problems with my city. only build cemeteries all over the place.only real issue with simcity5 is their launch disaster .[so the final verdict is that simCity5 is far more superior version than cities skylines]2- cities XLat first i thought this is another installment of that franchise . but i was wrong.  if we look at these 2 games Cities XL is way more complicated than this game. overly complected and their UI is messy  unlike cities Skyline where it runs more smoothly than that game.Cities XL do not offer expansions of the cities but gives you Huge area to play with. u can still interact with other cities using Token system.  but beyond that nothing els.from my experience with both games I prefer Cities: Skylines over Cities XL series."
76561198244965416,Recommended,255710,32987915,Posted: 29 June,all,GineJet13,very good and impressive
,Recommended,255710,23417051,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,kembii,Cool game but its hard to understand what to do at the beginning so i had to watch youtube tutorials.
,Recommended,255710,14870262,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Moinky,A 2 year long traffic jam of garbage trucks caused half my city to die10/10
76561198013723081,Recommended,255710,21331068,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"Being a player and user of many simulated games in my long time playing simulated city games, i found this one too be great. I love the atmosphere of it and the building in it. In my opinion, it is not too hard like i found some A-Train simulator games, but not too easy either, like city life simulators. It is right in the middle of difficulty. It might not be too friendly to new users who have never played a city simulator, it does have nice tips in the game to be helpful. Also, the modding community for this game seems very active and looks like it will be for a long time. Because of the pleasant atmopshere and how the game is adding things quite a bit, and the modders beautiful works for this game, i give it a very good positive review due to many of these facts. I hope you enjoy it as much as i do. Thanks for reading!UPDATED: Ever since they keep releasing new dlc for this game, it gets better and better. BE AWARE this usually breaks mods until there updated."
,Recommended,255710,23350599,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Samo Potatosi,"Very relaxing game. Easy, satisfying and very pretty. I never sought beauty inside a city until now. Workshop items help you make anything from Victorian London to Coruscant. Very powerful features - first person view - individual doods simulation and generally a well made game.I'm struggling to find a conn here but here goes. The traffic. It takes waay too much time to sort out properly. It's not even challenging it's just not in the tempo of the game. For every 20 minutes you spend building a part of your city, you then must spend 40 min to sort all the little traffic indicator thingies to be green (green is good). It's just something that we could do without but then the game would truly be very easy."
,Recommended,255710,14842124,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,YatoGami,"I've only put 8 hours into skylines so far, but I am more than pleased with what I've gotten for my money. This is the game that SimCity should have been. It far exceeds my expectations and I would say for the most part hits at least on par with the overwhelming expectations put upon it by the community.10/10"
,Recommended,255710,18289797,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,MythicLavi,"I can't tell you how many times out of my almost 200 hours I've restarted cities as new mods came out and traveling around IRL gives me ideas on how to lay out a damn road. And now that After Dark came out...125/10 I'm making a new city again :DOn a serious note:I love the gameplay of C:S. The controls are smooth, the modding community is awesome (and I mean, it's up there with the Skyrim modding community for me, and that's really freakin high), it's the best City Builder that I've played, and I highly doubt anything can top it. Then CO/Paradox adds more to the game, and it just keeps getting better and better.Long Live City: Skylines!"
76561197976321589,Recommended,255710,14857923,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,element,Great game. refreshingly cool
76561198055516404,Recommended,255710,14946842,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Whitefang Greytail,"Fantastic game, which was cheaper than SimCity 4.Each person, vehicle seems to be its own entity, but that is great for simulation.You need a good computer for this, it currently takes two cores and my graphics card seems to be running near the max speed. If you put the game into the fastest simulation speed, it takes up four cores. So, that has the hall mark of a well planned multicore support.The only downside I have is that is has the same commercial/offices to residential density problems that SimCIty 4 had. A few people living in apartments, but not enough jobs in buildings of similar size. The residential buildings have 70 people. All these big office buildings, including level 3 have less than 30 workers in them. I'm not sure that 1-2 person per floor (at the taller end) makes sense. This can be fixed with the multitude of mods though and there's enough to satisfy nearly everyone's wishes.Overall, an enjoyable game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,255710,14823941,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Graham Simmons (Talon_Chora),"Constructed an epic 1,000,000 population metropolis, only to accidentally flood it when building a dam to power the people's toasters.10/10, would toast again."
,Recommended,255710,14828285,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,NKato,"It's a quality game, but it's lacking a few basic features, such as the ability to auto-connect multiple intersections in one go. Instead you have to connect each segment manually. It gets pretty tedious!And then there's the lack of a planner mode. A mode that would allow you to lay out the city in advance without any costs incurred. This would have helped with basic zoning and planning. Instead, I end up spending nearly all of my starting budget on ROADS...just to chart the damn city.It's a bit annoying at times. Especially that fake twitter thing. A simple status update window that you could close into a tab would have been better than having a persistent blue-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-bird hovering over your monitor the whole time.But if I had to pick a game between Cities: Skylines and Cities XXL, I would choose Cities: Skylines, because it's an actual, honest to goodness game release, and not a copy-paste scam."
,Recommended,255710,14824052,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,TheRPGLPer,"I highly, HIGHLY, recommend this game! I have already started a youtube series on it, and already I am extremely happy with this game. I've been watching Quill18 stream it for a past week and I have been waiting for it's release. It's so good. Buy it!"
76561197991201231,Recommended,255710,14824724,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,GaryLaserEyes,"Actually pre purchased this because i had such a good feeling about it, and it came through. Already hooked on the game. Its user friendly for sure, just took crap break, might as well write a review?"
,Recommended,255710,23393599,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Borrito,"It's one of those games that you start playing at 11:00 a.m, stay you'll stop at 2:00 p.m, and actually play until 3:00 a.m."
,Recommended,255710,14840377,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,DarkMyth,"Excellent game this is what the new Sim City should have been I high recommend this game to anyone who likes city builders.  You can see cars parked on the street, emergency workers come out of ambulances and fire trucks and you can see them working extrememly detailed and fun game.  Also easy to learn but with enough complexity to keep micromanagers entertained."
,Recommended,255710,14842032,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,ice cream,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this was a good city building game. So much freedom. No CPU bulk up from making an overwhelmingly large city (the game runs hella smooth). I would recommend to anyone who loves city building games.
76561198020014313,Recommended,255710,23381423,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,jamesambroziak,It's the best city simulator I have ever played!
,Recommended,255710,23385316,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,FluffyAngelicFox,"Pretty much what I wanted the new Sims City to be, really fun!"
76561198047513868,Recommended,255710,33124878,Posted: 2 July,all,WakingUpHigh✪,This is for me the best City simulator on the market right now. I don't think the DLC's are to expensive
76561198055640013,Recommended,255710,33421072,Posted: 9 July,all,dacunni,"Works great in Windows, but Mac performance and graphics quality is awful. The game is unplayably slow even with the graphics detail turned down, and there is frequent texture corruption flashing across the screen. (Mac Pro late 2013, macOS 10.12.5)."
76561198127575779,Recommended,255710,14832544,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Abalister,"Everything a city builder should be. Is it perfect? No. A city builder simulation will never be perfect. However, this is close to perfection. Knowing we will get flooded with new content, patches, mods and whatnot, this is Christmas for gamers addicted to city builders and simulation games. It was easy to learn, fun to plan, not as easy as it looks, you always want more, it's a toxic sleep killer. Finally we have a real successor to 2003's SimCity4 with a lot of similarities. As if SC4 was now Cities Skylines (the policies, the districts, the neighbor plots, etc). Oh and I'm able to play on my 2 year old laptop, without a hickup, it played well instantly. This is a winner and the game will be even better down the road. Don't even hesitate to buy this game."
,Recommended,255710,26892365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cookies,"Amazing game, always keeping me up nearly 24/7 building my own metropolis, and searching the workshop for things to download."
76561198038597238,Recommended,255710,14842053,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Mr. Bones' Wild Ride,"Spaghetti Simulator 201510/10Seriously I haven't had this much fun making confusing highways... well, ever."
,Recommended,255710,14830818,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,BasedGod,"If you liked/disliked SimCity, you'll like this game or even more. If you don't know this game, you'll like it anyways... So get it. Either way we both know you're going to get this game eventually."
76561198024094031,Recommended,255710,32945553,Posted: 28 June,all,belugawhale3rd,Love it!
76561198216734281,Recommended,255710,29341939,Posted: 18 January,all,Salty314,"10/10 Great game, I really enjoy this game as a whole, it has great graphics (you should have a semi-beefy computer tho) it also contains some strategy and city planning. It shows how hard it is in rl to make a city with buget and such. I would rate this game a 10/10 and (my opinion) this game outclasses SimCity BuildIt any time any where."
76561198071697279,Not Recommended,255710,35487897,Posted: 4 October,all,lost,"Say NO to bull♥♥♥♥ DLCs. Why cant the developers just release the extra contents for free? Stop turning this marterpiece of city building game into EA's simcity, where the DLC is more expensive than the game itself.Dont buy the DLCs, we already pay for the game and everything should come together. Dont let the company bully us like this."
,Recommended,255710,20245406,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,c_smith,"Great casual game, looks great to boot. Linux support is definitely a bonus. No need to delve into Wine for this where it may or may not have worked"
76561198098018903,Recommended,255710,24959435,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,nathanaquilla,Great game!
,Recommended,255710,14830325,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,poo,"Even if I only had 45 minutes to play this game this morning, thus meaning I ran late to work, I still managed to cause massive traffic pileups and watch buildings be abandoned.Never have I been happier to screw up so badly in a short period of time."
,Recommended,255710,21704848,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Coinbra[HUN],"playing this great game is fun, dont miss it if you are into city buiding/management!"
,Recommended,255710,14825977,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Insane_Penquin,"See my review forBanished, and replace each instance of Banished with Cities Skylines.  In case you're lazy; yes it is a good game and it is worth every penny of $30, really several hundred pennies more.p.s. it runs surprsingly well on my old 2006 mac prop.p.s it runs even better on my real computer."
,Recommended,255710,26908878,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ford Explorer //RUSTPO,Build a City.
,Recommended,255710,18430356,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,TREEWIZARD,"This game is the answer to the question that is SimCity. It's better in pretty much every concievable way. The Steam Workshop is rife with excellent additions and mods to further enhance this amazing city builder. I'd write more, but I'm too busy playing."
,Recommended,255710,14830730,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,VenKazi,"This GAME IS AWESOME!!!!! WORTH THE MONEY!!!!!! WORTH THE TIME SPENT IN GAME!Pros:this game has so many pros that its hard to start  id say the pricing is about right for a new game could it be cheaper? yes but its fair (talking about deluxe and regular)i preorderd the game (deluxe) and i am very happy that i did so the preorder bonus is nice and the deluxe is nice to having the national monuments etc.... (of course now that the game has launched (per say) you wont get the preorder bonus but dont worry it was a fair bonus cool for those that did preorder but not to lame for the people who didnt get it)the extra stuff from dlx (i have yet to experience but i hope will be good!!extra stuff----->#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorOriginal Soundtrack:This Original Soundtrack includes 14 unique tracks mixed from the ambient music of the game, allowing you to enjoy the wonderful music whenever you want.Digital Art book:See the concepts behind the buildings! The book features almost a 32 hand drawn concepts of the game various buildings and the story behind each.some of the other final great things about this game is thatWORK SHOPalot of games have workshop for/on steam now but i didnt expect this game to AND IT DOES!the workshop for this game consists ofmods (remove the tweety bird sound  or things like that)maps (with a height map editor people are able to make maps very cool! I:e  U.S cittys Europe etc)asset mods (at least i think thats the name well any ways these mods change/add new buildings like a large                elementary school.probably the last good thing about this game is that according to a twitch streamer there is/will be free dlc like tunnelsCons:there are VERY FEW PROBLEMS WITH THIS GAME beleive it or notthe one major issue for me is the GOD DAMN TRAFFIC when your city gets to about 5,000 population ish traffic becomes a really big problem and instead of expanding or adding things to your city you spend time fixing your roads so if there were to be another name for this game it would be traffic simulator 2015 but the game is better to deserve such a demeaning tittle!!!C_O_N_C_L_U_S_I_O_Nthis game is worth the moneyworth the timeand highly reccomended."
,Recommended,255710,20884011,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Katerina Maria,"Cities: Skylines experience in one word? Extraordinary.Cities: Skylines not only offers breath taking visuals, it also features captivating game play by implementing the most moddable options we've seen in a city sim to date. Without a doubt the asset editor is probably one of the most brilliant ideas included with this game. Ever play a city sim where some buildings are not to your liking, require too much space or you just don’t like the general set out of them? Not anymore, you can change absolutely everything to suit your preferences and gameplay style. Once you get taken into your citizen’s messages via chirper it is unbelievably easy to lose time whilst playing this game. I cannot tell you how much time I’ve spent re-routing traffic in order to get it working smoothly, so don’t be surprised if a quick fix for heavy traffic areas become a grand plan that takes more than the quick couple of minutes you had anticipated before starting.Cities: Skylines has completely revolutionised the whole genre of city sims. Keep in mind this is just the start of something great, I cannot wait to see what else can come of this genre after such a phenomenal milestone. 11/10"
76561198026995051,Recommended,255710,19852105,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Eagle Scream,"Best sim city type game since Sim City 4 Rushhour,  without question.  Obviously that does not say much when you compare what has come out since SC4 but still it is a great game.  Roads that are curvable, the ability to make your own buildings (think BAT tool in SC4 but a ton easier to figure out and use), custom bus lines, custom train lines, custom subway lines, taxis, ferry service, expandable roads, click and follow cars/pedistrians ...It is not perfect mind you, the ability to bulldoze and flatten land does not exist (well it does on slopes with low % grades, but you want to flatten a mountain, that is not happening as no option to do it).Also, once you reach 8 expansions of your city limits that is it.  No option to buy land past that (at least that I have found).  That said 8 extensions is a lot but would be nice to build more.  Right now I have a city at 110K population though it has been there for a while.  Thing is there is a huge online community that has gives tons of FREE downloadable content which makes the game interesting.  Currently I am on 92 plus hours and still loving it.  Just downloaded the expansion AFTER DARK (that costs money in case you were wondering) but it gives more eye-candy and transport options.I currently give it an 8.5/10 which says a lot as it is rare I  ever give a game 8 or higher."
,Recommended,255710,14836321,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,DarkGhost,"You're into macro management more than micro management ?You're fed up of small maps ? (*winks at SimCity fail*)You just want to relax while watching your city grow on the plots you simply designed ?Then this game is for you ! A combination of the good parts of one city sim with another along with new features not yet made in any of those sim.The bad point ?- Localization suffers some typos/mistakes here and there, but it's still alright.- Tunnels can't be made ... A mod to fix that ? *winks at modders*- No building customization (giving it a continent style over another) ... Again, modders are there for that !The good point ?- Even after 4 hours, I still didn't fill the map and yet I could expand it more.- Easy to understand.- Traffic sim is quite alright, even though vehicles sometimes don't use all the road lanes for some reasons.- Limitation ? What's that ? You're limitless ! Even doing a highway across your city is possible if you wanted to. (Although I don't see the point of doing it ...)"
76561198012068872,Recommended,255710,14832545,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,oldeguy,"Wow just wow. Little annoyances but they will get worked out. There are going to be a LOT of sleeplesss nights in my furture.  Thanks Colossal Order, ya hit it out of the park. Lots of folks to tell you all of the intricicies (lol) so if you want a GREAT city builder, this is finally it. Some will write verbose dissertations explaining why this game is so flawed. Take them with a grain of salt, no a pound of salt. They are in the extreme minority. BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,255710,32719616,Posted: 24 June,all,Optera,"One of the best and most addictive city building games I've played.So why can't I recommend it?Because of the unpolished mechanics, unfixed bugs and most of all the outragous DLC policy of publisher Paradox.I expect a game with several paid dlc to have a certain polish to it. Skylines sadly fails to deliver. It's the same game as back in 2015.The DLC are a pure cashgrab, as expected from Paradox.Radio stations: 4€ for some background music. Play a youtube playlist in the background for free.Content creator Packsand Stadiums: 5€ for something you can get for free from workshop in better quality.After Dark: 15€ adds day/night cycle and better control over existing systems. A somewhat hefty price for polish to a game.Snowfall: 13€ covers all in snow and adds need for snowplows working exactly like garbage trucks while not improving the service vehicle ai in the slightestas well as heating. Nothing a mod couldn't have done.Natural Disasters: 15€ to have your city destroyed by random or preset disasters.Mass Transit: 12€ to include features mods added in a more polished fashion back in 2015.While some DLC might be worth their money during 75% summer sale the general pricing and maintaince of this game certainly does not warrant recommending this game."
,Not Recommended,255710,25645437,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Divii,"I can quite put my finger on why I do not recommend this game to be honest. I was so happy for this game that I preordered it and I downloaded it and played it as soon as it became available. After a bit of time setting up towns, parks, commercial buildings and industrial areas I started to get that feeling of repitition. I built my town and everything is running great, I build my wonder building and I have alot of folk coming into my town. All my buildings are upgraded and all of this I did within 3 hours of play time. I feel as if the developers mostly focused on the road and traffic aspect of the game. It doesn't really matter what you build or where you build it, as long as there is not traffic you're fine.The 1 and only reason I dont recommend this game is because it gets repetitive after a short time span. The game itself is beautiful, the fact that I can zoom in and see such great detail is the only reason why I still play every once in a while.5/10 GAME"
,Recommended,255710,15416784,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,a real ghost horse,"I drowned 20,000 people in a torrent of sewage."
76561198003722545,Recommended,255710,14823857,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Rainey84,"I've just started, but since this just came out I want to help the guys and girls still on the fence.   It reminds me Sim City 4, but with modern improvements! It is easy to play, and the game explains the core concepts as you go.  This is the city builder that we have been waiting for. Click Add to cart, now.Before I describe the game, I have had absolutely no choppiness and I have the game maxed out.  If you have a quality PC you should have no issues running this game.You have 9 different maps to choose from.  There is no random map option, but there is an editor included that you can create your own maps or download maps from other players. So, you will always have new maps to play on.The game has a few interesting subsystems that work together.  The more educated your citizens are, the less trash they will produce.  Poorer the neighborhood will lead to more crime.  You have to keep your pollution levels down or you could risk tainting the drinking water of your citizens.There are multiple road options to allow you to truly customize the shape and direction of your town.Do you want to build a eco friendly paradise or do you want to build the biggest city that you can? The game gives you the tools for you to decide. Also, with the editors available there should be plenty of options coming from other players.For the old timers who remember Sim City on the SNES (I know it was PC first, but back then a SNES was a few hundred dollars and PC's were $2,000 easy) for everytime you reach a population milestone you level up your ability to add items to your city."
,Recommended,255710,26321219,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Validus_Smokey,THIS GAME IS SO GOOD 100% recommended!!!
76561197976333824,Not Recommended,255710,15227275,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,agreeksailor,"TL;DR The game is a nice leveling sandbox hampered by unintuitive gameplay, unusual traffic decisions, limited building styles, and confusing UI decisions. The less micro you like in a game, the more you will like this one. If you don't like being on rails while you play and want to have fine tunning controls, this game is probably not for you.Edit: As of the most recent update, while many things have been improved, the core complaints below has not been addressed. I do hope they address at least some of this, but for now everything below is still accurate. I have also clarified the maximum zoning size.Unfortunately, I have to move this review to not recommending for now. Once the rose colored glasses come off, there are some major issues that need fixing before I recommend this game to anyone but the most forgiving of individuals. The game is pretty good and can be a lot of fun...but those who haven't bought it yet will probably be heavily annoyed by the many frustrations this game also provides.Issue #1 Traffic. People will tell you there is nothing wrong with traffic, but there really is, and I can explain that problem in a sentence. Cars are always moving. Car leaves origin, travels towards destination, returns to origin, and heads to destination again. Because of this loop always running, there is no way to fix the traffic problem. People, businesses, factories work on cycles in real life. What's more, they are not constantly productive. Some forms of agriculture produce goods daily, some weekly, some monthly, and some are a once a year thing. Major comercial sectors time their shipments to arrive at night when there is limited traffic and thus deliveries are more efficient. With no day/night cycle and thus no low traffic/heavy traffic cycles the game punishes otherwise efficient designs by having only one mode of traffic, heavy. This is what creates all of the other traffic problems observed. Sure you can build around these problems, and there are many people who gain great pleasure from dealing with such. If that is you, then this game is probably for you. Otherwise, there really needs to be cyclic traffic flows in this game. Low traffic weekends in industrial areas, high traffic commercial. Residential needs to be low traffic most of the day.Issue #2 Limitations. There is a lot missing from this game. Asthetics, public building options, utilities, even auto constructed building have very limited and generic asthetics. Because of this, you will quickly find that one city looks just like any other quickly leaving the game feeling very cookie cutter. Having multiple building styles that alternate every 10 years or so would go a long way to fixing this and creating a feeling of a progressing city. Mods can only help in a limited way here. This is a fix that really needs to come from the devs.Issue #3 Zoning. There is only one way this game zones, that is automatically as you lay your roads. You can color in the blocks representing what can be built, but no matter what, you can not define the shape of the area you want constructed in. This forces you away from more organic designs as the game attempts to create numerous obnoxious shapes when a simple rectangle would have done much better. Such choices are not in your hand, and there are no creative work arounds as zoning is immediatly deleted when you remove a road, and anything built on it. Even if you are just trying to fix something and all buildings would still be with road access where they need it. Fix, let the player zone an area as industrial, commercial, or industrial then let them build the roads afterwards. The game can then highlight areas wasted due to lack of road access. This would allow for more organic, fun designs. As the game currently exist, and as a reply to ""NGB"" the image below represents how it currently works.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=424090954Issue #4 Building Footprint Sizes. Thanks to the way the game is created, you will never have large flowing fields of green on the outskirts of your city. Every single building has a maximum size of 4X4. Yes there are limited buildings that are larger you can construct manually, but you will never see large areas develop on their own. This is a direct result of how zoning is handled. Fix for this, fix zoning, then let the building bases have larger sizes.Issue #5 The Fan Base. This is going to be the number 1 reason I am not going to recomend this game to most people. Currently, the fans are to put it mildly, hostile to any criticisms of the game. Collosal Order has made no mistake and can do no wrong, so any issues you see are your fault and that's all there is. This isn't a problem in itself, it's a problem because there are so many like this that people with real issues can't talk about them because these fans derail threads and stop any form of productive discussion on the proplems. This is a good game that needs work, it is not a priceless work of art that needs to be preserved in its release state. There absolutely are design decisions in this title that need to be reconsidered. When you have so many that attack those that would suggest this game needs more work you can't have the discussions that need to happen. What's more, it's hard to get help when the fans are so abusive. There are many aspects of this game that just are not intuitive, and there is a significant portion of this fan base that will leave you not even wanting to use the forums. This is the real shame of the success of this game. This game was almost too successful for its own good.Edit: A screenshot from the comments on this review which shows an example of the response criticism of this game recieves. Notice that no points are refutted or discussed, just a blanket everyone else thinks this game is wonderful. I think he may have also been trying to criticize me...but the jab seems to have gone over or under my head.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=424686285There are an abundance of places where you can read the virtues of this game. This is the devil advocate review that only focuses on the bad or at a minimum the questionably implemented features that detract from the experience. The bird is not an issue to make you not buy the game, however, you will be punished for modding it out by turning off achievments. While there is a mod to re-enable achievments, what will probably start nagging you is how you have to keep downloading mods to fix questionable design decisions. An ingame option to turn off all nag screens and the bird is not too much to ask. These are the basic things that serve to move this from a must have to a marginal recomendation depending on whether you can ignore the issues and are willing to work around the ones that can't be ignored. For me the answer is no, which is why I have stopped playing for now.I am aware that the devs have planned a number of improvements to the game, if any of those improvements affect the issues I have highlighted, I will gladdly return to fix this review and its recomendation status. While I have highlighted the fans as the #1 issue for me not recommending the game, it doesn't really factor in. I hope people that applies to read it and reply proving me right, even better, maybe they read it and realize they could be a little more civil to their fellow humans. Who knows? If any 2 of the above issues become resolved I will move this review to a solid recommend. If this game goes on sale for $15.00 dollars, then that is also a solid recommend from me even with the issues."
76561198143839420,Recommended,255710,18910527,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Karim,This is the best city builder ive ever played its so realistic and the graphics are great i would recomend it. :)
,Recommended,255710,16452932,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,phawshy,"+ City simulator of the era.+ Really hard to manage, very challenging.+ Every building has impact to every aspect.+ Need to play more to gain more understanding.+ Naisu graphic, but not the BGM.+ I can become mayor of the city in reality because this game lol- Hate small text of the game.9/10p.s: don't put poo pipe from upstream :("
76561198191337409,Recommended,255710,24191176,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,LENNONISH,This game delivers.
,Recommended,255710,14851311,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,MuD,"It's everything SimCity should have been and more.  If you enjoy relaxing city building games, here's the one you need."
76561197971256452,Recommended,255710,14841517,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Fabrizio,Really nice city simulation game. Love to deal with traffic issues.
,Recommended,255710,15234355,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,-=HBW=-HiradGorgoroth,"I will not write a review destroying Sims city or XXL … This review is what you will experience in game :**********************************************************************This review is for people who are new to city building games.*********************************************************************Good things about skyline:1)Smooth colouring, Identical icons, organized toolbar and clean screen. Unlike many other games, Cities skyline does not confuse you with similar icons or different varieties of colour all over the screen.2) Game provides enough information for the user to keep everything under control and does not get lost.3)Attractive design, good graphics and fun in-game Activities. Maybe by now, you think the game is a serious strategy game; which in fact it is to some degrees, but it does not lose its entertainment part. This game gives you so many small in-game activities and does not limit you to only designing your city. you can click on a random citizen or a car, get full information of them such as who owns the car, what is the type of car or where your citizen lives, works does or what is he doing. You can rename them to whatever you want and it does not get limited to cars and citizens, you can rename buildings, factories, shops, animals, parks and even streets. \4) I hardly can remember any bug or problem in game that bothered me ... good updates fixed everything*************************************************************************This game is everything that you need to build your dream cities.one of the most important parts of this game is its community. the game has a tool that allows you to create or edit an existing building (that includes parks, houses and such) or even a map. You can come up with crazy ideas and make them happen. Even better you have chance to share it with others via steam workshop and let others enjoy too. Infact I made alot of buildings that people use them right now.You can also get what others made and have fun with unique looking buildings************************************************************************************•	Your creativity and imagination are the only things that matter.  The game does not limit you with rules; in fact you are free to try different designs. With different tools you have option to create your city just as you like*************************************************************************************This game is a complete example of a good interface / well-designed game. It pretty much fulfils all expectations and meets all the principles of a good interface. It is impossible to think of a bad aspect in the game as everyone is satisfied by this game. Even if you have no experience with games; you can start Cities skyline with no fear of getting lost in the game and you can enjoy having a good time playing this gameHighly recommended"
,Recommended,255710,14928265,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,NeoKuro,Possibly the best city-building and management game I've EVER bought. If you like SimCity (4) and any of the SimCity games. GET IT NOW!
76561198110254847,Recommended,255710,15449024,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,churchgore,Have not played a sim since the first couple EA put out.I have now become a traffic flow engineer.EA can suck a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Thank you for your time.
,Recommended,255710,15499325,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Woody Bobo,If you enjoy city builders you owe it to yourself to pick it up. One of the best Ive played in a very long time. My only legit complaint is it doesn't have as much convenient city information as SC2013. Other than that its a better game in every way imaginable. The bugs that are there are slowly being ironed out. Hopefully we can get some more info menus in future patches/xpacs but overall not bad from a team of a dozen people or so.
,Recommended,255710,14847257,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Hassel,I was able to play on launchdayThere is no DLCs at the momentIt's cheapWhat else is there to say?
,Recommended,255710,17965420,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,[SVFT] Majored Laxness,10/10
,Recommended,255710,15232688,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Flackintosh #DeanHallVictim,"A great step forward in the City Building Genre. Not just a mimic of Sim City 4, but a unique format, as others have put it Sim City is a City Building game with traffic, Cities: Skylines is a traffic strategy game with city building.The subtlety of the balance of the game is the best I've seen in a long time. When you first start out it isn't too hard to make a profit (unlike other games which are primarily based on the monetary mangement concept) but as the city gains size it becomes increasingly difficult to sustain growth as your services get drained and the requirements become more complicated.The same goes for traffic management, you start the game with your little roads thinking everything is hunky dory but as the traffic grows within your originally built infastructure it requires meticulous planning and investment to get a city running efficiently.I haven't even touched public transport as well as other things in the game and I can say I am already satisfied with the game. Great playability.The modding community has also been a huge success and has added some great features + assets to the game which compliment it perfectly, not just make it a cheating game breaking fest, which is a big plus for me.DOWNSIDE: You can't recraft the land, not a massive thing but sometimes you notice it is missing."
76561197972409805,Recommended,255710,15017178,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Protoplasmic Invertebrate,"Its been more than a decade but, 8 hours into the game, I think Simcity 4 finally has a worthy successor, Cities Skylines.This game offers;- A decent artstyle, the first decent replacement of the 2d Simcity style.- Much greater infrastructure detail, customisation & ease of use over SC4- The traffic model appears more realistic and your actions have logical impacts on it- Good modding support and tools- Whilst the scale, in terms of population, is much lower than SC4 it appears more realistic and accurate- I would estimate the maximum city size is 2x the size of the larger city tile in SC4The only negative thing I can say about the game is that it is very difficult to fail, however its something I'm willing to overlook. The unlocking of buildings/services/functions as your city progresses does not feel limiting but serves a vital role in ensuring less experienced/casual players find the game easier to play.90/100Only improvements I can think of would be;Adding a Region, allowing cities to interactAdding multiplayer region or easy way to exchange city tiles.I hope paradox will consider these improvements for the sequel, they are certainly on a distinguished road."
76561198023338760,Recommended,255710,18168513,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Pema Gyalpo,Best City Sim ever
,Recommended,255710,17222113,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Pallevante,A great game. Really fun and easy to learn.
,Recommended,255710,27612575,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LxG.NeverBlink,first few hours are preety good
,Recommended,255710,15431985,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Havryl,"Initial ImpressionsWell, I can honestly say that I was looking forward to it. Many comparisons made to Simcity, stemming from a place of fondness of course. While the ""Sim"" brand will always have a place on my gaming rig (I miss you so muchSim Tower!), Cities: Skylines delivers on many levels.Current ConsiderationsOkay, lets be succinct: I'm wringingevery last bitof playability of the vanilla version for this game before I move on. It's just that good!Future FixationsCities: Skylines has an asset editor to create your own mods in-game or you can import your own models. The modding community just blossomed within hours of the game release. Without a doubt, I will be using these creative mods in the future and quite possibly creating a few myself."
,Recommended,255710,14833691,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Vicke,What Simcity should have been.
,Recommended,255710,14874293,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mega,Decided to buy the game and play for maybe an hour. I lost track of time and played for 8+hours straight.9/10 - it's ok
,Recommended,255710,24168881,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,petermcgra,Filled a lake with faeces and supplied said faeces water to my citizens10/10 would play again
76561198047887457,Recommended,255710,14938312,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,BobDaAztec,"Absolutely fantastic city builder, great graphics, great mod support, basically Sim City but actually a good game10/10 Would m'lady again"
,Recommended,255710,17573333,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Matt,"One of the greatest city builders out there that also includes workshop support for even more hours of fun!-Undoubtedly, this is one of best city builder games I have ever played. Although I cant help to compare this to the latest SimCity from EA, there are many pros and cons that are noticable. Some pros that can be seen is that Cities: Skylines allows you to purchase more plots of land if you run out of space, set districts and apply certain policies, and has definently more variety of roads, buildings, and cars than SimCity. But indeed like every game, there are some cons that are equally noticable. These include (in my opinion) no proper day/night cycle, time should last a few minutes instead of a few seconds, and car AI that should let emergency vehicles have the right of way during emergencies. The cons are not bad, but they should be definently improved or added sometime in the future.But the good news is, Colossal Order is planning to release their brand new expansion After Dark which includes a day/night cycle and adds some nighttime locations like nightclubs to see your city come to life. There is currently no set release date or prices but you can read more about ithere.Along with that, there are many mods in the workshop that can help enhance your experience throughout the game that add more roads, buildings, fixes, etc and also graphical mods.-Overall: If you are deciding wheather to buy Cities: Skylines or SimCity 2015, I recommend Cities: Skylines because it offers more features that SimCity 2015 lacks."
76561198037993532,Recommended,255710,14907849,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mr. Grantler,"Built a sprawling metropolis, had terrible traffic, had bodies piling up outside people's doors, built tons of crematoriums to fix the body problem, ash fell down on the city for months, people left in mass exodus.10/10 Would cremate again."
,Recommended,255710,18115465,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,BeastyBoy,"This is one of the best city building simulators. I'd totally recommend to buy this game if you are currently choosing between Cities XXL, SimSity and Cities: Skylines.Pros:* a number of interesting community items that you can get for free* nice traffic simulation* easy to get into the gameplayCons:* this game sometimes gets very boring. after about 2-3 hours when you get your economy making profit, it starts to get boring. the only thing that keeps you in the game is build more and more... which is limited by size of map.* no random event's which makes gameplay very predictable. i wish there were some disasters at least* lack of economy and city managment tools and options"
76561197970610772,Recommended,255710,14969080,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,lazarusransome,"Played SC5 for hours and hours, kept coming back to it despite the numerous issues. Always been a sucker for Sim games. Stumbled upon Cities: Skylines thanks to Steam (and it's ability to consistently drain my wallet with Summer/Winter sales). Already jumping in headfirst, nearly forgotten about SC5.Some things are more dumbed down in CS than SC5, like you can't see bus stop wait overlays, and some things are a bit more nuanced like now we can control actual bus, metro, and train lines. Mod support is epic.Looking forward to many more hours to come. Looks like the devs are consistently pushing updates too, which is always awesome.Strongly recommend. I expect this game witll be labeled ""Overwhelmingly positive"" for a long while."
,Recommended,255710,14953596,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Atlas,20:00 - 20 citizens21:00 - 300 citizens03:00 - 25.000 citizens
,Recommended,255710,17070173,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,europe.au,"Though my computer isn't the best for this game, it is good enough that I can form an opinion for it. This game is definitely a step up from the SimCity series. I found that the game was more complex that SimCity 2013 and the traffic A.I. is better. I love how the game manages to densely pack the buildings close together, something SimCity 2013 wasn't able to do. I also like the bigger city size, though with all 25 tiles, it might as well be a reigion. The water physics is also a nice touch, as was the map editor.Something I don't like about the game would be the lack of disasters. In SimCity 2013, the disasters added a challenge to the game. In Cities Skylines, the most difficult challenge would be solving any traffic problems your city has. Really, the worst that can happen is a death wave due to disease or the flooding of a low lying areas. Another thing I don't like is the fact that we can't change what the suspension bridge looks like. Also, the game doesn't really have a good amount of different buildings, meaning that there is often the same building side-by-side. Also, I found that the game suffers from some game glitches due to mods (i.e. Road tools disappearing in the map editor).Overall, I would definitely recommend this game!"
76561198049836104,Recommended,255710,14866302,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,(PatrickStar),in ur face EA...
76561198025525552,Recommended,255710,14867342,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Walter Sobchak,Simcity but not♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,255710,14836405,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,CPLWeeks,"After getting burned by SimCity, and almost getting burned by Cities XXL, I was leery, and waited for the user reviews once this came out. I'm delighted to say this is a great city building game. I heartily recommend it!!!"
,Recommended,255710,16469120,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,RenardSolitaire,"♥ GreatCities Skyline is a good sequel to the great Simcity 4It is 80% better than the last Simcity farce from EA and i can play without raging all the times about the available space to build. The Cities Skylines team give us what we needed, what we wanted. They succeeded where the Simcity dev team swear to us it was not possible to give bigger cities.This said, the game is far from perfect. But probably the best one to play at the moment. The traffic can be a madness joke even on the highway and i will skip mentionning the train traffic because it is a fail.I have fun playing this game and i recommend it.Pro tip: Give a look at the Workshop there is some amazing mods !"
,Recommended,255710,14862819,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Monk3y,One of the greatest citybuilders i've ever played. Will only get better and better due to extensive mod support.
,Recommended,255710,16614996,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Al Forno [Olive Garden],"A return to the classical Sim City 4-esq city builder that the genre has been begging for since the mid 2000s.  Cities: Skylines is an approachable, but deep simulator that happily, and triumphantly replaces Sim City as the city build of choice."
,Recommended,255710,14875159,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,NovaNimation,"The city builder we've so desperatly craved for a while now. Or at least I know I'm not the only one who did. An addictive game that sucks the hours straight from your soul if you're not careful. It will take a try or two to get the hang of how to build your city, but once you do the mere size of what you can build is immense.It takes some effort to build a city to last, as it will get increasingly busy on the roads once it starts growing. You will probably spend hours on trying to make a traffic-network that isn't too clogged with all those unique people with their own schedule, car and life .. And somehow have a lot of fun doing it.A small downside to me was that, once you've build your immense city up to a certain size, you can get a bit lost on what to do next. There's only so many buildings to unlock and once the city runs, it runs itself. You could probably step away from the computer for an hour, come back and find that the only thing that has changed is how full your garbage dumps, cemetaries and wallet are (Might I add, that I find it hilarious that dead people and garbage have the same mechanic behind it?).The pathfinding for traffic still needs to be tweaked quite a bit too, but overall none of these things take away any of the fun you'll have if you enjoy city builders! Added bonus that, besides adressing the things mentioned above, the developpers have already announced so much shiny stuff they're working on for the future of the game.A hearty two thumbs way up.PS. I'm still convinced that they've added that gorgeous, gorgeous water engine just so that IGN would tell them they've got enough water."
,Recommended,255710,17451326,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Intoxicated Gnome,yep 10/10 would forget to go to work!Say goodbye to spare time!Or games you thoought you loved ;D
,Recommended,255710,14845265,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,LinkToReality,"Alright, after 11 hours in this game I'm still only scraping the surface really but so far, in my opinion this game is everything SimCity should have been.The gameplay is fun, if you like city builders of course, and figuring out what method works best to lure in those citizens is making the game into a sort of crack to me. It's one of those games you can't put down once you start playing, while Civilization has it's ""Just one more turn"" this game has ""Just 5 more minutes"" or ""I'll quit, I just have to get this road straight... what, it's an hour later now?""The fact that it's also Steam Workshop enabled promises that there'll always be fun new things to build in your city.I'm not sure how big the area you can build on eventually will become but so far I can buy 8+ new areas, just as big as the one you start with, which I think is bigger than the full area you have in SimCity.My only complaint is that it's a bit hard to get the traffic to flow properly. It seems no matter what I do I just push the issue further down the road. Roundabouts help a lot, but the two you have access to are waaaay to big. A single one lane roundabout to keep the traffic flowing rather than getting stuck at traffic lights would be great, then again, there might be one available sooner or later thanks to Steam workshop.Scores for those that desperately need them:Graphics: 6/10 - The game could use some more varying buildings so you don't end up with the same three or four buildings repeated over and over.Sound: 7/10 - Music is nice and adds some ambience, which is all that is needed in a game like this.Gameplay: 9/10 - Like crack. Only legal and slightly less harmful to your health and social life.Overall: 7/10 - A really fun game so far with the potential to become even better."
,Recommended,255710,15054289,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Zedominus,R.I.P. Sim City :D. Nice knowing ya. Hello Cities: Skylines! Best City building game I've ever played. The exact game many of us were waiting for.G.O.T.Y. 10/10
,Recommended,255710,15253233,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Ircha Gaming,It's the best city simulator I haver ever played.It's highly entertaining.
,Recommended,255710,15007447,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,[#WN]Killahkazx,A Fantastic City Simulator Surpassing Simcity fixing many of the issues/problems . Cities has great modability and workshop Support by users making the game more enjoyable and making game play last even longer.
76561198049091718,Recommended,255710,21731854,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,andyf346,"Amazing game, dedicated developers, and an amazing steam workshop implementation."
,Recommended,255710,15238430,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,nomadjc,"Game is a lot what Sim City should have been.  I've had a good time playing this and it has come back and play more potential.Pros:1.  Can expand city size as time goes on.2.  Has public transportation (bus, subway, train).3.  Interesting bridge designs and easy road layout4.  Interesting options for power5.  Modding capabilities are present and even has some tools to make some mods from the program.Cons:1.  Graphics are SLIGHTLY wanting.  The potential is there for a beautiful city, but if you zoom out at all, the graphics give way a bit.2.  GUI is a little clunky, but it is definitly survivable3.  Not much in the way of documentation, so, you are kind of on your own after a very brief tutorialOverall, i recommend this game to anyone that loves sim city and cities XL.  This is a nice addition to the franchies and can't beat it for the price."
,Recommended,255710,20079488,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lil Fidget Spinner,"Inspect people, ruski yes?"
76561198158235854,Recommended,255710,28973536,Posted: 3 January,all,Zeiffer,Hours and hours of fun . Was so glad I got this game. It is one of those games where you easily lose track of time and next thing you know the sun is coming up.
76561198113116049,Recommended,255710,25340859,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Sir Jarr,"A beautiful city builder with deep mechanics and a healthy community.Given the 100 hours of fun i've had with this game, i'd say it deserves my recommendation."
,Recommended,255710,25358778,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,DystopianRaven,"I really love this game, so easy to get lost in it for hours! looking forward for more content that comes in the future!"
,Recommended,255710,25397320,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Willy Pete,Very good game
76561198003514518,Recommended,255710,25490131,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Albinoloach,Yeah it's good.
,Recommended,255710,25489149,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Jake McKee,"I personally really enjoy this game. It is a genre not well travelled, City Building is fun. Unless you can't quite keep up with the pace it builds. Closer to the endgame the challenge will really be trying to buldoze all of the abondoned buildings so More don't arise. Highway clogging is also very common endgame. But personally I've enjoyed my time up on to this point. Slowly or rapidly growing a city and customizing the layout is strangely satisfying. Whatching it grow is a blast. Siren Noises GALORE!!!! this specific game makes me feel like I'm intelligent and a good Mayor I suppose when all is going swell. There is a fair ammount of logic in how to build a proper city as well."
,Recommended,255710,16435201,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Hazardous-Drunk,"Took sometime to get use to it, but after 3 city remakes I got it down and love it."
,Recommended,255710,17940270,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Michél,A good game for people who are trying to find a good city-building game
,Recommended,255710,15037453,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Minnowmize,twitch.tv/gillsminnowIt's like Minecraft but with better graphics
76561198017681447,Recommended,255710,20686366,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ferretsrule,Was a massive Sim City fan in my younger years all the way up to Sim City 3 and Skylines just manages to catch all of those original elements I loved about the freedom of building those amazing cities or sprawling madness. If you enjoy these types of city building and management games you won't be disappointed with this its spot on!
,Recommended,255710,21391336,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,cyruz,Great game.
,Recommended,255710,25161189,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,jimjal,"This is everything SimCity (2013) should have been. If you were a fan of that series, pick this up and you will not be disappointed. Only negatives I will note are that dealing with traffic congestion can become kind of a chore, and other than that the game is not as challenging as I had hoped.8/10"
,Recommended,255710,18287040,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,pizzaanybody,The devs actualy had a soul whilst making this game. And this game is an estonishing piece of art.EA should be deeply ashamed.lel 10/10
76561198158482502,Recommended,255710,25163822,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DeadManPizza,"Possibly the best city building game on Steam. The performance isn't fantastic, but the game is absolutely beautiful."
,Recommended,255710,14898542,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Sir Shanks,"I'm currently 12 hours into this game, and I won't look back.Cities: Skylines is one of the best CIty Simulators out now. They literally took what SimCity wanted to do, grew a pair, and did it.Pros:-Great Optimization(My GPU isn't even the ""minimal"" and I run this on Maximum. w/ a slower CPU.)-Large building space(Yeah, i'm looking at you, EA.)-Mod support from Day 1. Already tons of mods on the Workshop.-Flow of traffic and people is very smooth and feels very responsive.Cons:-No tutorials, figure it out or find a guide.-City seems to stop growing for a while after you hit a ceartain pop. Then correct itself.-Few bugs, but the ones that are there are super annoying.(No crime rates, etc.)Overall I would give this an 8/10 and would say buy it if you are looking for a great City Simulator. Doesn't seem to be much out there doing a better job."
,Recommended,255710,21322440,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,jestrick,"I never thought I'd live to be old enough to see someone outdo Sim City in city simulation, but I have.This game is 10/10 for fans of the genre. A must have."
,Recommended,255710,28132699,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,TurtleSquared,"One of the best citybuilders I've ever played. You arent forced to build a good city either. If you want to build a Beautiful city that is a cluster♥♥♥♥ when you look at how it works? This game doesnt stop you; Have at it.The only thing I find irritating is the fog etc, but that can all be disabled if you hate it enough to do something about it.I reccommend. It's one of the best city-builders ive ever played. It also has 1000's of mods."
,Recommended,255710,32907158,Posted: 27 June,all,Marv,"It's not the Sim City we needed, but rather the Sim City we deserved...Starting off it can be a bit difficult though after a while it becomes rather easy to create a decent city and run into the fun problems like dealing with traffic, disasters, or basic urban needs.Good game if you're into city sims."
,Recommended,255710,17247005,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,petert1208,"True spiritual successor to the SimCity franchise with endless mods from the Workshop!Do yourself a favor, get this instead of being tricked into that EA's pretender!"
,Recommended,255710,32673816,Posted: 23 June,all,Nova Polaris,"SummaryI still recommend it because it is simply the best city builder to date, EA fails to deliver one of their strong series (SimCity) and this C:S appears in the right moment.The devs also looks good, everytime a DLC is released, the base game also had an update which improves your experiences.Skip those review who said DLCs is too pricy, the whole set of the game wont gives you a positive effect except you are a person who really enjoys city builder with extreme level of depth in management and simulation (basically, an enthusiast in city building sim).The game itself got an updates to the base game everytime a DLCs is released, so if you think the DLCs is overpriced, then let it go and skip the DLCs, use workshop mods instead, you can get experience about 75% from the whole set of the game if you found and use the right mods (in exchange with a lot more resources), or you can choose to wait until the sale comes to buy the DLCs.There is WORKSHOP, which I must say, it gives you most of the game's feature (even some of the updates or DLCs inspired from workshop's mod) that is not exists in the base game and DLCs.Even with the whole set of DLCs, you will still need some mods and assets (it is almost impossible to play it vanilla without workshop contents, believe me), which will eat your resources A LOT.Regarding the issues about pricing, I must agree, it is proven on steamdb that on IDR the price is increased a moments before summer sale, which somehow makes me angry to see that they are greedy af, but really, I can't use a thumbs down for an amazing game like this."
,Recommended,255710,17372341,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Gonk,I never knew how much I cared about traffic flow until I got this game.Pros:- Pretty- Mod support- No online requirement- It's got nothing to do with EA- Surprisingly good support from developersCons:- You might abandon FREEDUMB for the glory of the roundabout- Tends to suck away hours without you realizing it- Ignore the fact that people are drowning in sewage and/or garbage because there's DONUT TRUCKS OMG.- Can occasionally give you really ♥♥♥♥ing weird dreams about the perfect highway offramp/intersection embedded in the city center that makes you have your first nocturnal emission since you were 14.11/10 would bulldoze.
,Recommended,255710,27811285,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Roo,11/10 would play again
76561198003855712,Recommended,255710,14858261,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Jigowatt,"I have to admit, I never really got into the whole city simulation genre. I always wanted to tryr out SimCity, but with all the bad reviews of the newest one, I strayed away and never looked back. After seeing some videos of Cities: Skylines I figured I'd try it. I'll say thing. Cities: Skylines is one of the best games I've played in quite a long time.As a newcomer to the genre, I found it easy enough to get a grasp on the basics fairly quickly. Don't mistake that for being easy though. After going for about 10 hours my city went into a chain reaction because my trash collection wasn't up to par. My citizens got sick, died, and then their homes were left abandoned, leading to lower property values for the rest of the homes. Within 30 minutes I went from a thriving and growing city of 60,000 citizens to a bankrupt city of 5000. It was a real reminder that the city you build is delicate, and can be destroyed past the point of no return with a single mistake.Overall, the game makes it easy to understand yet remains a challenge at the same time. The UI is easy to use and has never given me issues. The game also runs VERY smoothly, even when your city reaches large populations.Cities: Skylines is certainly worth a look whether you're a veteran SimCity player or new to the genre."
76561197979172196,Recommended,255710,15238945,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,micF,"One of my best purchases so far. Couldn't resist to give it a try and oh my god, it's soo adictive!!!No crashes so far. The models and textures are fine and the simlulation is very impressive.But the best part of this game is the community and their mods! There's a whole lot to try and it's allfor free. Good job Colossal Order!"
,Recommended,255710,20632390,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Wolf Arcanist,Best City Builder out there and it keeps getting better!
76561198199764599,Recommended,255710,32971881,Posted: 28 June,all,"preacherjh, mcjthenry",I love this game it is the best city builder i have played in my life. much better than simcity less building restictions you have way more space than any other city bulder to. I have made map mods for it i love the tools for making them they work very well and never have seen anything like it before. I would rate it 9/10
76561198381590101,Recommended,255710,32962043,Posted: 28 June,all,redkingnate,"Game is quite addicting, and fun at the same time. Along with that, it is far more realistic than most other city building games out there, such as Simcity. Would definitely recommend anyone buying this game for yourself or as a gift."
,Recommended,255710,27802882,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,cowbomb28,"Game is awesome. Best city builder I've played yet. Even better with mods. However...DLC is way too overpriced. Game costs like £24 but the DLC's cost £11 which is like half the cost of the game. The DLC's don't contain much. You're basically paying half the game's price for some buildings, some vehicles or snow.I'm still keeping this as a reccomended but just don't buy the DLC's."
,Recommended,255710,23265836,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,&Sam,"This has become one of my favorite and most played games of all time and it is definitely my favorite city simulator.The best part about Cities: Skylines is the mods. There is so much in the Workshop and it makes the game worth it; some of it is so beautiful and well done. If it weren't for the mods, I probably wouldn't play it, but the color correction filters, the maps, and the buildings available are amazing. Look at some of my screenshots and artwork for examples of what's possible in this game. I'm really blown away by some of the graphics sometimes when I really look at my city.It can actually be quite therapeutic to zoom in and just explore your towns and the nature.Pros:huge mapstons of great mods available; talented moddersalways a different experience when starting overgreat lighting, fog and other graphics; sometimes very photorealisticchallenging yet ballanced city simulator that gets it rightCons:it's easy to get carried away with downloading mods, and subscribing to too many will create long load times (I typically waitat least15 minutes with the amount I have), errors with conflicting mods, corrupting save files, and sometimes crashingI wish it was better optimized so that subscribing to mods wouldn't lead to crashes/huge load timesI can't think of anything elsetl;drgreat city sim, pretty, lots of mods, long load times,Loading Screen Simulator 2k16"
,Recommended,255710,32833594,Posted: 26 June,all,lasdlt13,"The best modern City Builder there is. This game came out shortly after the disaster that was EA's SimCity (2013). Cities: Skylines didn't have much competition there, it blew that game out of the water. The gameplay, while different, is simplybetter.While there are no quests or multiplayer functions, I believe this is the game people wanted SimCity to be. The DLCs are examples of Paradox's current business model (which nets them plenty of money), and are lacking in content, especially for the price. The mods for this game really make it shine. You can really make a hyper-realisitc city and role-play a bit, if that's what you're looking for. Or you can just treat this as the City Painter that it is at its core and play more casually."
,Recommended,255710,26819508,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,manmaed,its like sim city but way better!
,Recommended,255710,14825170,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,MagicBinaryCode,A city simulation that actually works as promised.11/10
,Recommended,255710,33151831,Posted: 2 July,all,IDescribedEternity,"City: Skylines brings me the oh so nostalgic feelings that came when I played Sim City 4 and knowing how well acclaimed that game is, I can certainly say the same for City: Skylines. I have only made 2 cities without any of the offical DLC and with very limited usage of mods, particularly the zoom in mod and ploppables.This game is pretty great for me because I certainly like my eye candy and just the IRL day by day progress you can put into a town of your own creation just makes my day after work. With the zoom mod, you can certainly create some photgenic scenes so if you're a screenshot hussy, go cray. Gameplay wise: for the most part you just zone and plop when you get pass the intial stages which can be tricky but the rest is pretty easy, mechanics-wise. It's certainly no easy feat however to make a gorgeous city like you see all those celebrity Youtubers out there and I may say that it might be nigh impossible to do so without pre-planning, at least from my experience. I like to think that it's that indirect part of the City: Skylines that makes the game so many city builder vets love; that is not only making the city but experimenting with certain styles and going off in a tangent as to what you'll conceive in order to make your city truly a sight to behold. Just as a brief, it's like Sim City 4 with the hold information overlays, the plopping of services and problems that plague a city however I do like the architecture, the art style and more diverse line-up of ploppables that came with Sim City 4 but City: Skylines has it's own realism niche going on so it's hard to compare aside from the avaliablity of ploppables in certain in-game categories.The issues that existed in Sim City 4 still exist in City: Skylines which are entirely subjective and people don't make much note of it but by Jove, I hate it when you're zoning in apparently flat land or even on a slope and your zoned building come out as craggly unrealistic floop that certaintly just become eye candy from a far. SureI could flat it out but it just seems very time consuming though whether there's a solution to this, I do not know. Flattening land on a hill also seems redundant as you want the hill to stay a hill and I wish they could simulate that in a more realistic manner if possible. More leisurely ploppables like a zoo, radio station, military base, the fair and of course, the mayor's manor in the vanilla game would be nice but just minor irks that very few are likely to express.Best citybuilder out there, good for babby's first game because of the overall easy difficulty of the game but also a good city planner simulator if you have the patience to do that which I don't but just to have it as a considerable option is nice, especially at the price you can snag at for, It's almost a steal with how much it goes on during sales. One thing to note, I have a 1 year old laptop and this game runs at 15 - 20 fps so, as much as I want to play more of it, my own personal technical experiences limits the experience of course this is no fault of the game.Buy it. 10/10 because I'm not a picky prissy."
76561198206599529,Recommended,255710,32981635,Posted: 29 June,all,aldo.guloy,this game is foontastic if you dream to become a mayor cause it would let u see the options and stuffs
,Recommended,255710,14849820,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,nakaVS,"The first city building game since SC2000 to keep me glued for a nearly 8 hour session. Even taking the day off to indulge a bit more! The main negative for me currently is that it is honestly WAY too easy, but the devs have stated that they will add scenarios and the like in the future, so this may be remedied.Speaking about the devs, the most impressive thing about this title is that a team of 13 people put it together, so kudos on pulling off elegantly what EA/Maxis and AAA funding couldn't do."
,Recommended,255710,31206098,Posted: 17 April,all,huntbart,This game is exilent and is 10/10 would reconmend
,Recommended,255710,15531769,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Dangerous Tangerine,"Almost like 1997's Australian classic ""The Castle"", but when you WANT the biggest cargo facilities in the southern hemisphere, you GET the biggest cargo facilites in the southern hemisphere. So you can bulldoze that f*cker Kerrigan's house with minimal to no resistance!"
,Recommended,255710,14969996,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,optimus,By far the best city builder since SimCity2k.
,Recommended,255710,18170134,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,TiffBannen,Trounced sim city 2013. EA needs to take notes on how to not be upstaged by an upstart in a genre they invented.
76561198001433888,Recommended,255710,17297934,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Meanie,"Out of the box Cities: Skylines is the best City Building sim available, then you visit the Workshop! Wow! It is all there. You want bigger maps? Gottit! You like to sidestep and use some ""cheats?"" Gottit! You want even MORE realism? Gottit! The only problem I have had is wanting EVERYTHING in the Workshop! I have played Skylines for nearly 300 hours now and I am still just as hooked as I was on the ""40 Hour Honeymoon!"" Best City Builder hands down, slam dunk, forghedaboudit!!!"
,Recommended,255710,18317846,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Cani Terrae,"The single most awesome city simulator I have ever played.  I've seen Tropico, I've played Anno to death, I remember the original Sim City, and I've dabbled in SimSociety and many another.  This game is BEAUTIFUL!  The graphics aren't top of the range, but the gameplay is!"
76561198118304669,Recommended,255710,19020883,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Arios Achttienachtennegentig,"Blocked off all ways to get out of cityRaised taxes to max+200,000 an hour10/10 would North Korea again"
76561198084885254,Recommended,255710,20548187,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Lobster Doggo,"10/10 though i suck at this game, its fun"
,Recommended,255710,20492750,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,◢Cpt.KingRemco◤,Best City Builder game ever made! Higly recommended!
76561198015336053,Recommended,255710,21248295,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Naughty Ninja,"Do you like accidentally flooding your metropolis after spending hours upon hours fixing that one damn backed-up traffic jam?Do you like hearses not being able to drive next door to pick up a dead body?Do you like the realism of people graduating from university only to find a job as a small supermarket employee?You can enjoy all that and more in the city builder that doesn't require an online connection, a massive day one patch, or microtransactions for customisation.Cities: Skylines, 21/10 - IGN"
76561198084590497,Recommended,255710,23397445,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,super-slave Wrendo,"I notice that day/night cycles tend to be over a month. In that case, Breakfast is 30 hours long, Spend 15 hours getting to work, 240 hours at work, And then another 15 hours to get home. You have a cheeky 30 hours to wait before dinner, Probaby want to start on cookin' now; a sweaty 30 more hours sesh, and then chow down for 15 hours. Aw mate. Time for Vidya Gems. A 120 hour binge of either one RPG, complete eight standard linear single-player experiences, or dabble in twenty-four different indie games. And then we sleep for 225 hours, Discounting pee breaks, which we know there'll be... Noice. #citiesskylineslyfe"
76561198165292205,Recommended,255710,21765620,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,PinoPow3r,"After i saw a lot of videos and reviews,I was sure i had to buy this game,And i certainly was right,-It has great graphics-Best city builder so far-I like the fact that you can play creativeAfter 13 hours of playing i finally know how it works :PBut that doesn't makes it a bad game....I kind of like the fact that they made everything so realisticAlso that Steam Workshop is included, So you never boreWell i guess my review is great,And i really recommend this game....Have a nice day :D"
76561198030245978,Recommended,255710,23869479,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BrowncoatTrekky,"I bought this game because it was categorically better than Sim City. I invested way more money than I should have in DLCs and the game itself for Sim City, and was massively let down. This game sports one of the largest workshop communities I have ever seen. I have recently met several new friends playing this game where I was able to commission some new pieces in the workshop. I would say it helps if you have a fair size amount of ram on your computer though. I tended to get bored very quickly with what the game initially had to offer and became addicted to utilizing workshop mods and assets. It can take quite the toll on your computer's memory capacity. So ye been warned. However, in my opnion totally worth it. Lmao company even released a free DLC... who does that?!?"
76561198113852891,Recommended,255710,23398551,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,sALTBoY,I built a town and i put about 5 hours into it. but later i decided to delete all the outer connections and after about 30 minutes the whole town was destroyed. I then started building a new town a bit away from the old town and I made it possible to drive in and out of the town again. When I did that the old abandond town started getting better and after a while the town was normal.10/10 Would revive a town again!
,Recommended,255710,25511191,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,TheLoyalTruth,Best city simulator I've ever played. Workshop items make for endless gameplay on many different maps with many different styles and buildings. Absolutely amazing. Highly recommend.Just don't build those god damn dams. My citizens still have PTSD from the island flooding
,Recommended,255710,24508538,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Fishbus,"A really great city-builder with DLC that lacks focus.Addresses 90% of Simcity 2013s stink-lines: Larger areas, editing maps, abstract-enough agents to allow large scale simulation, and moddingThe music and overall aesthetic isn't as good though. However, it's very servicable!"
76561198079563107,Recommended,255710,21373386,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Seadario,Made me hate traffic more than i do in real life.
76561198110354235,Recommended,255710,27901214,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[MR]Trainboy7890,I really do enjoy this game it allows you to basically run any type of city you desire and i hope they keep coming out with great dlc's for this game and keep this community alive
,Recommended,255710,27711834,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,8BitSeaHorse,This game is awesome!!! You get sucked into it and BOOM its been 4 hours.10/10
,Recommended,255710,14975058,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,BananaGarage,Went bankrupt before anyone moved in to my city. 10/10.
,Recommended,255710,26975796,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,eXtory,Nerdcubed brough me here
,Recommended,255710,15169155,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Fiala06,"If you miss sim city, this game is for you! F**** EA screwing everything up these guys did everything perfectly! Not to mention mods and custom buildings from users with the steam workshop! The only downside is no mulitplayer but not a big deal, its still sooo much fun! Do you get my point? Its fun! Fun, fun, fun!"
,Recommended,255710,16786308,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,mike.hipp,"Definately worth buying, best game since SimCity 4."
,Recommended,255710,27362958,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡reuthermonkey󠀡,"Cities: Skylines on its own is a very solid game. Everything I loved about SimCity 4, but better. Larger surface area to build to, more extensible, and a good price point. But the real key is in the mods. The mods can let you go from making relatively large towns to megacities. They can improve the sometimes questionable vehicle AI, and allow you to fine-tune the game to your liking. If your PC can handle it, you can creat an entire region, with a central city and suburbs and towns, all interconnected by road, rail, or metro.Great Game++"
,Recommended,255710,20123532,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mikmoo,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198338930384,Recommended,255710,31868959,Posted: 20 May,all,Minelogical1231,"If you want a highly detailed city game, better than sim city (Much better) than look no further! Cities: Skylines give you everything you want to build a city. The high level of detail is outstanding!! I would easily pick this game over any other city builder on the market! Highly reccomend if you want hours of fun!!"
,Recommended,255710,16499509,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,M16A4,"Even after Cities in Motions, the single biggest fiasco in gaming history,(from my library's perspective) paradox studio is able to pick it up and create Cities: Skylines, the game everyone should have, even you, my friend, who is not at all intersted in city building. Everyone should have it because the lesson behind this game is byond gaming; it's about life, the meaning of life, and the tenacity of coming back up when reality ♥♥♥♥s you with garbage like Cities in Motions.10/10"
,Recommended,255710,20734489,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,[воом] crab chips,"> Bought After Dark espansion, started new city> Grew it to about 15,000 people without any hitches> Made two bus routes> Buses everywhere> Buses made so much traffic it blocked essential services, prompting people to leave> I now have more buses than people> Please send help10/10 would bus again"
,Recommended,255710,24508326,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,charlienatorFL,"I grew up on Sim City, I remember some of my ealiest memories of PC gaming was my dad teaching me how to play Sim City 2000, I dreamed of having a game like this one. It shows how Indie Devs will come to save the day when EA tries to kill it, This game is exactly what a City Sim should be, Some complain about things like the Winter DLC stuff, But This game fixed what EA had ruined for me, I would pay $45+ The DLC for it, The modding community is amazing with this game 11.5/10"
,Recommended,255710,21371405,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,LesterTheChildMolester,"Tried it out because of the fact I was looking for immersive, fun, easy single player games.Reason is I'm going abroad and was looking for good offline games in case the internet is lacking.Small points:+Really immersive+Highly addictive once you get the hang of it+Rewards are felt ingame immediately after accomplishments-Highly addictive-No clear step by step tutorial, although the learning curve is easy enough-Public transportation system seems clunky to me but it's alrightWould recommend it without hesitation."
76561198040303542,Recommended,255710,15002744,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Jxxx6,"+10, eat this EA with your excuses and lame reasons.  Great work Colllosal Order, this is what city builders are about, keep improving and finetunning this game and I will enjoy this for years."
76561197998143434,Recommended,255710,15002905,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,SteelRodent,"*Edited for patch 1.1Unlike the disappointment that was SimCity 2013, Cities: Skylines is a real city simulator/builder. Every single resident in your city has a home, a job, an education (if you build schools that is), and everyone has somewhere they need to go. You can watch them leave their home, take the subway to the bus stop to take the bus to the mall, and then do the same in reverse to go back home.As someone who fell in love with SimCity when the original came out as shareware in 1989 and have played every Will Wright game since (as well as some of the none-Will Wright followups), I highly recommend Cities: Skylines to anyone who likes city builders. This game is what we wanted from a new SimCity game, without all the bad decisions EA made.The game isn't perfect, but it's pretty damn close. It makes building truly massive cities fun and possible, and with the right hardware the cities look pretty good too with an incredible attention to detail. Building a succesful (profitable) city is fairly easy (easier than SC4 that is), but getting past the 50,000 resident mark, while dealing with traffic, water, power, garbage, and sewage is the real challenge. Getting past the 100,000 resident mark requires some creative thinking in the construction of intersections, highways, and bus lines, but it can be done and you can keep expanding your city until you run out of land to purchase.While the game is a true simulation, it has no natural disasters and if you can keep your city from dying to polluted water or choking in traffic jams, then you can continue building until the budget can't cover it anymore.Traffic has been improved greatly since launch and is now much easier to manage. We've gotten tunnels and the ability to build roundabouts and any other kind of road or rail at any level above and below ground, and the game continues to have some of the best mod support of any game ever released."
76561198023944955,Recommended,255710,15003191,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,pjt1974,"Oh dear god. It's like playing Transport Tycoon all over again. I only bought this late yesterday afternoon. 11.3 hours later with boggled eyes and nowhere near enough sleep for a middle aged man.........I gambled on buying this no entirely sure that my PC would even run the game (i5-2310 2.90Ghz, 8Gb RAM, GeForce 560SE) I was suprised to find I was able to run to quite a high detail level. No doubt the bigger a city gets, the more PC power I'd need, but it's trade off I'm more than happy to do. Even at lower detail the game is georgeous.The game is massive and the editor is easy to use. (Oh the water!!!!!) Click on the supplied, in game, Mod to play without running out of cash and you've got a sandbox mode. Pure joy.I recommend the first person view Mod from the Workshop aswell.Score out of ten? I don't know. Poison me with dirty drinking water, take me through traffic chaos to the city hospital and hope I don't end up at the crematorium... ask me then!!!!!!!!Top job, totally recommend, for once the hype was right"
,Recommended,255710,14836126,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Mizipzor,SimCity done right.
76561198192479306,Recommended,255710,23590833,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,chipsnsalsalover,"As people say, it's basically SimCity but better. (By the way, the DLC is overpriced for the content it gives; even when it's on sale, don't buy it ;) ). Also, although the system requirements say at least 3.0 GHz, I am using a 2.5 GHz computer with a i7 intel core and it is working fine. So, don't worry too much about that."
,Recommended,255710,16141382,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Nesse,This game is extraordinary and great. Hundreds of mods and it's bug free.9/8 -potatoes would drown my citizens in sewage water again.
,Recommended,255710,15255507,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,rekk_,"Spiritual successor to the Simcity franchise - large maps, mod support and an enthusiastic team behind the game. Well worth the purchase price and time."
,Recommended,255710,14869359,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,govtcheeze,"Quite possibly the best $30 you can spend on gaming this year. I have played Simcity since 1 but avoided 5, instead going back to 4 over and over. This has finally scratched the itch and improved on so many things I wish were more flexible / possible in SC4.They sacrified graphics and sound for what matters most in games like this: gameplay. Cities are still beautiful and sound can be turned off, but the amount of flexibility and interaction between the systems is outstanding.Paradox has set a new standard for City builders. Maxis would be proud."
76561198175656481,Recommended,255710,18168644,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,thomasdodd11,"Great game, so many options and ways of playing it."
76561198180017953,Recommended,255710,18168754,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,UNTCHD,10/10 Such an amazing game
,Recommended,255710,15127696,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,xiv,"I remember when I bought Simcity 2013. I had huge expectations because it was (WAS) the world's greatest city builder-franchise. This is not the case, this game have def. taken over the 1st. place on the list. This game has almost everything that Simcity did not and does not have. Be aware that the developers haven't actually completely finished the game yet. Tunnels are missing and some minor bugs is to be found in the game. Overall not anything you really notice. I would definitely recommend this game and I'm happy that the successor to Simcity 4 has really come out now."
76561198025114911,Recommended,255710,14896980,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Duke CakeFace,Best sim builder I have ever played.
,Recommended,255710,14957281,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Time4DinDins,"I wouldnt want to start this review like this, but it can't be helped so let's get it over with:There is this genre of videogames called City Builders, the first of which, which is also the most influential for at least the first 4 iterations, is Simcity. It was such a genre defining game that it's hard to separate the term ""City Builder"" from the game ""Simcity"". But in taking a look at Cities: Skylines, we need to define that ofently blurred line.CS (or Cities Skylines as I will refer to for the rest of the review) is a game that falls behind the City Builder genre. It bears a huge resemblance to the Simcity games mostly, because it concerns the act of building and managing cities.Lets start of with the vague similarities:You build roads, you zone areas, you build civic service buildings, manage traffic, get awarded unique buildings for certain achievements, manage budget and make sure everyone has access to electricity and water, et-cetera.Given this, it's hard to separate CS from Simcity, and if at this point you still havent managed to do that, then you're probably better off playing a modded version of Simcity 4 for all of eternity.What exactly separates CS from Simcity?Firstly : the quirky, humorous and iconic ""character"" of the Simcity games is not present. You wont find wittily written lines that can be found on building names, sim complaints or even the loading screen. CS is a light-hearted city builder that offers a touch of personality to save the game from being overly generic and bland, that's all.Second, which is the best part: Where CS lacks personality, it makes up for with all of Simcity's features AND THEN SOME. Take all of the tools, and pump it with steroids until it's about to burst. The game offers you all the necessary tools for you to take on any problem easily, seamlessly and intuitively.With all that's said and done, CS is a game that holds it's own and builds it's own brand in the City Building genre. Robust tools, great graphics, good music (occasionaly tries to be too epic), this is a definitey buy for all city building fans, or those who are curious and want to dip their toes into this wonderful genre."
,Recommended,255710,21983054,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,franz2595,"Great game. bought it including dlc. i did regret that i havent bought this when it was on sale few weeks back but when i bought everything 100% still fulfilled me. i know some people hates the afterfall dlc i dont have any say on that since we have different opinions. mine tho is , if we think the price is too high for this game might as well wait until the next sale . or show appreciation by buying it 100% to help the developers"
,Recommended,255710,21830186,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sgt. Patchnotes,Much better than Sim City. Connections to the Steam Workshop allow easy access to community made mods and more!
76561198252528252,Recommended,255710,21830679,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ignatius_a,Great city builder game/simulation
76561198060701849,Recommended,255710,21707801,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ed_whiffin,"A cracking good city builder, probably the best currently available. It can consume plenty of hours though so use with caution."
,Recommended,255710,14874991,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,SirSuperDeath,Awesome GameAwesome ModsAwesome and funny momentsNo EA = Awesome too so i would say this Game is awesome :D - IGN 10/10 'NO EA'
,Recommended,255710,15040462,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Synthetic,"Its the game called ""Sim City"" you've always dreamed of playing, Except its NOT OWNED BY Electronic Arts. Very enjoyable.Needs multiplayer though, but I think the developers are working on that, from what I heard.Pros- Cities can be built really really big.- A ton of modding support, customizing games has never been better.- Beautiful graphics, cities look amazing- The water has physics, you can make a damn, it will fill up, then break it, you'll have a tsunami.- Many many in game features making it better than Sim City.Cons:- Has some minor bug, not game breaking, such as walkways making holes into the void under roads."
76561198009965591,Recommended,255710,14991336,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Amy Tazenda,I found the time flying by being amazed that I was supposed to be in bed half an hour ago :)
76561198030636321,Recommended,255710,15180355,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Crashed.exe,DON'T PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU VALUE YOUR LIFE
76561198036745772,Recommended,255710,29450172,Posted: 23 January,all,dd31879,"Cities Skylines still remains one of the best city builders available in terms of flexibility, available space, mods, and so on.In terms of available space you get a gigantic 9 tile area to work in by default. Which can be expanded with the 25 tile unlock mod. Since maps are different and inevitably cities get built different every time you play you don't unlock these tiles in any particular order either. You just purchase any tile that is next to another tile you already own. Which means you are not locked down to a simple square.There is a LOT of community content now. The game has been out for a while and the workshop is full of mods, maps, and assets to make your game better.  Of course I always recommend first play throughs be straight up vanilla just to get a feel for the unmodded a game. However, there are some real benefits to using mods.That said though I really can not recommend any of the paid DLCs other than After Dark. This was the first DLC they released and it still seems like the most impactful to date. I would have to say that what makes it better is that it provides things that are useful in building the city or in managing the city. This would be, as example, like the Bus Terminal which is an almost necessary thing for managing your city. Using it you can easily see how many of your citizens will travel between your various routes.Snowfall and Natural Disasters on the other hand always seemed, to me at least, more gimmicky than really helpful. Like they were just put in to say ""here is new content. enjoy!"" but they really didnt help anything like After Dark did.The Snowfall DLC pretty much only gives you the street car (tram) service to help with actually managing your city and everything else is just winter flavored Skylines. Actually one might even say that Snowfall is more hassle that its worth since you have to build in an all white zone which people have complained many times about this causing eye strain and headaches. Then you have specialized services for heating and road maintenance which eats up more of your city resources than you normally would.Natural Disasters is kinda one of those things i remember from the first SimCity game I played as a kid. I remember working on my city and having the a tornado or godzilla go through the city and destroy things. Then I would have to rebuild. Seemed like might be interesting. Not so much though to be honest.Where in that old game when you didnt have much else to worry about except placing power lines and roads... this game you have a lot more to worry about. Probably the least threatening aspect here is the forest fires, but everything else if it hits your city can really be a problem. The thing I find the worst about this, and I have seen this thought elsewhere too, is that I have to spend so many hours building up a great city then a disaster comes and smashes things. Which I am not even one that goes overboard with a huge amount of detail! I have seen streamers that really micromanage on the details and if I put that level of detail in only to have it destroyed I would quit playing.Mass Transit Will be coming out soon and it promises to be another good DLC that will be helpful in many ways. What is known about it right now is that there will be new public transportation added in the paid DLC which will help in managing the city better and the free patch that goes along with the DLC release will have a LOT of quality of life changes which are focused on traffic and transportation.Here is a run down of the DLC content:After Dark:Added PrisonsAdded District Specializations (Industry and Commercial)Added Taxi ServiceAdded Bus Terminal (handles multiple bus lines where citizens can go to change between lines)Added Bicycles and Bicycle Pathssee the full patch here:http://www.skylineswiki.com/Patch_1.2.0Snow Fall:Added Winter ThemeAdded Tram ServiceAdded Snow Plow (only on snow maps obviously)Added more energy consumption and heating requirements (..on the snow maps)see the full patch here:http://www.skylineswiki.com/Patch_1.3.0-f4Natural Disasters:Added 7 DisastersAdded Early Warning System (to warn you about disasters happening)Added Helicopter (fire, medical, and police)Added Evacuation Routes (for disaster events)see the full patch here:http://www.skylineswiki.com/Patch_1.6.0Mass Transit:Added MonorailsAdded BlimpsAdded Cable CarsAdded FerriesAdded Transport Hubs (multi-transit buildings ex. monorail+bus terminal)see the full patch here: TBA"
,Recommended,255710,14888269,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,zzombie13,"I don't want to do a long drawn out review for this game. Not that it doesn't deserve it, but just that it's not really required. I can sum it up in one pithy remark, and you can decide for yourself from there.Everything you wanted the broken Sim City from 2013 to be, this game is."
76561198039350231,Recommended,255710,14934585,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,nolmic,THIS is how you make a city builder. Should be sold as educational software to EA.
76561197985061083,Recommended,255710,14978132,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Splinter,"Never knew I can create jams with trains. I hope there is enough space in the air then...Great replayability/Great pricing/Made my dream come true - now I can see my city from the citizen perspective (great mods from the launch)/ Runs smoothly on my more than outdated PC - e.g. Tropico 5 doesnt run at all/Live updates and hopefully day-night cycle in future.10 of 10. THE city builder game, guys."
,Recommended,255710,15394621,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,CSLlama,By far the best city building game I've seen. SimCIty can suck it!
,Recommended,255710,15503197,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Ludo237👽🤖,"I like this game very much. I'm, actually was, a fan of the SimCity serie but it's dead because of EA and its poor management.Finally Colossal Order Ltd. does what EA didn't and it creates the best City simulator out yet.Eventough it's still in its first phase. and it needs some tweaks here and there, you can enjoy a full City simulator experience like it should be done in 2015.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,255710,15020447,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Jguy,"This is a great game. Sim City 4 will still always hold a special place in my heart but this one comes very close, if not with the flaws of Sim City 4 balanced out with this game, it's the same.The game is fluid. I've had a city with almost 100k residents and no lag moving around the city and taking care of things. the game is a bit more challenging though...don't have the right balance of services and your city and you'll crap out.the flaws of this game:* As mentioned, if you don't have the right balance of things your city will fail, and fast. While laying new subway lines for my CBD my population went from around 15k to around 5k. Turns out that portion of my city randomly died, and fast. I then discovered that I had a minor traffic jam in which ambulances were waiting for a red light! One of the major flaws of the game: The emergancy services don't ignore the traffic lights when they're responding to calls - this makes major problems if you have a minor traffic jam, your ambulences are stuck waiting in it and your citizens die.* More onto the above point, if you have a well established public transportation system, 90% of the vehicles on your roadway are AMBULENCES! This is SO annoying. If you need to get precise, no matter where you zoom, you hear the sirens! EVERYONE in your city will call 911 if they have a bloody nose it seems! THIS IS SO ANNOYING.* The landfills have to be placed in the midst of your city, you can't just shove them off in one corner and have your garbage trucks carry the garbage all that way. This is a major problem as the landfills cause ground pollution. Probably not that badly as an incinerator, but with ground pollution near to your residents they'll get sick.* The onramps/offramps look a bit weird and are hard to manage, same with the curves of the roads. Not a game breaker though.All in all, I definitely recommend you get this game. It's fantastic, and with a HUGE modding community already going, it'll only get better."
,Recommended,255710,14941122,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Bravado,"This game is so good I had to write my first review in years. You owe it to yourself and the developers to buy it - if you ever liked a city builder in the last 30 years, this game has it all."
,Recommended,255710,14857643,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,threepm,"I have played almost every city simulator that has been created. This one by far is the best. Not just because it is a passion project from the developers, but because this is going to be supported for a very long time. Specifically with the modding support. Day 3 and there are already significant mods/maps/objects available.  Can not recommend this one highly enough.  BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,255710,14862830,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Jus#1145,Welp.. My new favourite game. :DDDD
76561198160291595,Recommended,255710,15997782,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,KM.me,"What a game. Simply better than Cities XXL. Offline mode, outstanding graphics, and many more reasons that made this game five times fantastic and half the cost than that mocked game. 9/10"
,Recommended,255710,26938704,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Josh Machlin,"This game is crack, I had to stop playing for my safety"
,Recommended,255710,15156906,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,PixelatedFantasies,"This game does what SimCity should have done.  This game is a smooth-running city simulator with (next to) no fluff added.  Although a few things may get annoying (Chirpy, road creating auto-snapping to intersections, having only two development density levels), overall this game is expertly-crafted.  Definitely worth the $30 I spent on it."
,Recommended,255710,14866795,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,The Shostakovich,"great game, fps doesn't tank when I draw a road 5 feet like CXXL.11/10 would draw roads again."
,Recommended,255710,14829430,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,WarthogDriver,"Flooded a Hospital, still told me not enough water. 10/10."
,Recommended,255710,14834288,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Sam Hyde (AKA Moonman),"Great game so far. I stayed away from SimCity 2013 after hearing all the bad reviews, although I enjoyed SimCity 4 a great deal. Being able to customize assets with a neat in game tool is pretty sweet. Having the game be very open towards modding is a huge plus too, and hopefully the developers will update the game frequently with bug fixes and new features.What the game should improve on/add -- Population and job density: After upgrading low density commerce and residential to high density (which at first looks like the equivalent of medium density buildings from SimCity 4), the increase in jobs and population per building is quite low. The city I have right now has a decent amount of medium high rises, yet sits only at around 10,000 population. If I had built this city in SimCity 4 I would probably have around double the population I do in Cities: Skylines. I'm sure some modders will fix this, but it would be nice to be fixed in vanilla too.- Allow for roads to be dragged across other roads: Currently if I want to build a 4 lane street and connect across multiple 2 lane streets, I have to drag and connect to the first one, then stop, click again and connect to the 2nd, since if you try to simply drag them across all the roads at once the game brings up the ""space in use"" error.- The graphics: Yes I know graphics aren't everything, and I don't need an amazing looking game for the game to be fun. My beef with the graphics is that the buildings and terrain have this blurry feel to them most of the time, which is acceptable viewing them from a distance, but up close they should be pretty clear to the camera.- The cars: In my opinion they look too plain and generic. Yes they have different colors and types, but for the most part they honestly look like those colored cars from The Game of Life board game. More realistic and detailed cars would be nice to see.- Ability to drive around your city, akin to the U-Drive-It mode from SimCity 4. Definitely not necessary to add in the game, but would be neat to drive around the city, either first person or 3rd person. 1st person would be much cooler, but 3rd person would be easier to code in most likely.Overall I would recommend getting this game if you like city builders. I wouldn't give it a perfect score, as the population/job density issue is really bugging me, but that'll likely get fixed."
,Recommended,255710,15258679,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,johndango,Everything we wanted Sim City to be.
,Recommended,255710,14846940,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,ScheduledTiger,"This game is amazing. Everything that Simcity (2013) SHOULD have been, but better. Everything from previous city-builder games and all the things you didnt know you wanted, such as specific routes for buses. Little details from cars parking on the side of road, to tractors driving about. Extensive mod support from day 1 and promises of expansions and updates.Easily worth more than the £30 price tag.P.S the in-game references are amazing, such as;#Black-Mesa,Much Offical, Very Parkand the Colossal Order Offices - HQ of the super successful games company that makes millions.Its a city-builder's wet dream. 10/10 would build again."
76561198143542264,Recommended,255710,17921789,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Freighttrainx,"Really good city bulider game but you have to be careful of where you put the bulidings, powerplants ect, because you will lose money. My suggestion is to have a instruction manual to the game to make sure you know what you're doing, and you could be a successful citibuilder!Overall 9/10"
76561197999594198,Recommended,255710,15073859,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Souler,The cure to the damage Sim City 2014 has caused.
,Recommended,255710,16509510,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MeatFox,DROWNING EVERYONE IN♥♥♥♥♥♥IS THE BESTDROWNING EVERYONE IS THE BESTDAMS. DAMS. DAMS. MORE DAMS.BUILDING ROADS.♥♥♥♥ING TRAFFIC JAMSLETS FLOOD ALL THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥MODSMORE DAMS♥♥♥♥ING AWEOSME
,Recommended,255710,16470026,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sunbutt,I spammed parks. Skyscrapers popped up. I add a fire department. Everything burns.
76561198064876506,Recommended,255710,16756658,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,TheMagicBanjo,"Yes, YES BUILDINGS! RISE FROM HELL AND REAK HAVOC ON THIS PEACFUL CITY WITH MODERATE INCOME AND ACCEPTABLE LAND VALUE!"
,Recommended,255710,16331864,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,beowulf2020,I'd played SimCity and loved it.. then came the most recent incarnation of the game and ..well.. it was terrible. Thank heavens for Cities : Skylines. It's everything Simcity should have been and SOOO much more. I love the game play.. I love the modding community. There's not much about this game I don't love. Would I recommend? HECK YEAH!
,Recommended,255710,28091204,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,H™_Mizore,"Most realistic city bulding simulator since Simcity, 10x better ! All the citizens actually have a "" life "", traffic congestion, roads tunneling and overhangs, dynamic resource shortage ( water, electricity, etc ) problems, many more contents undescribed here ( production import export, tourism, etc ) and most importantly, the devs really cares for their customers !The DLC may be a bit pricey, but we also get a portion of the DLC as major free updates ! The DLCs are more of like a donation ; a "" here's my support for you awesome devs ! ""Should you buy? OFC !"
,Recommended,255710,26014990,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Gay,Great game got it on sale for 75 percent off. Great deal 33 dollars CAD is too much for me.
76561198104129090,Recommended,255710,28053476,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,<Getaboshi>,More realistic for city building simulation.
,Recommended,255710,27408048,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,-=[GLBX]=- Hank Scorpio,My city's water supply is dangerously close to the sewerage outlet. Thousands of people are so close to drinking♥♥♥♥♥♥and it all depends on how I feel about them.
76561198053894299,Recommended,255710,26832395,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Calleball,"Good sandbox, not much challenge though."
,Recommended,255710,27207677,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AndyYap,This game is not bad
,Recommended,255710,14985253,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,THEY'RE ALL PINK ON THE INSIDE,"As someone who never really played any sim games, I've already belted out 33 hours of this on just one map, highly enjoyable, bit of a learning curve, but the challenge is good otherwise it would be boring.Road design is a bit challenging for someone of my limited intelligence and creativity, my road system basically looks like a 3 year old child picked up crayons for the first time after drinking a litre of red cordial.9/10 Will continue making road monstrosities."
76561198041947092,Recommended,255710,14857317,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Badpuppy3,"Addictive game.  Reminds me of the promises from the first concept art we saw from Sim City (2013) that Maxis' team was unable (or unwilling) to bring to fruition.  Collosal Order, you guys are rock stars!  I'm beholden to your talent, and I hope we will get some future expansions to this game from you.  I also can't wait to see what the modding community will surprise us with.Also, I love the art style of this game.  It looks like a photorealistic miniature toy train set, especially with the tilt-shift effect.  The freedom I have to place roads, bridges, and pathways is amazing, and they always join naturally and fluidly.  Also, you can place objects very close together, so the result is tidy and compact, and very natural looking."
76561198095692807,Recommended,255710,31809885,Posted: 17 May,all,Wstar555,"I love this game, it has detail and is nearly the same as behing a actual mayor, without the paperwork of course :p You get to face the some problems as a actual mayor: traffic, money, pollution, industry and many more. Most players and me have all problems with this, traffic. Traffic is easy in the beginning of the game, but gets progressively more difficult as your city grows, lucky we have public transportation; Busses, Trains and subways. Planes and boats  provide tourists/cargo, trains also bring trourists and cargo.Money is generated by offices, industry, shops, taxes and more. In the beginning, money is a bit of a problem but later it will become easier to manage money.Pollution and industry go hand in hand, Industry creates pollution, causing ilnesses to citizens.The game doesnt give you all the features right from the start, you have to meet certain goals to level up and get acces to different services so the game doesnt get too complicated right from the start. You get better things as your town evolves from hamlet to Metropolis and all the ranks between it. The criteria to level up is based on citizen numbers, if you want to level up you need a certain ammount of citizen in your town like take for example 380 citizens to level up to a hamlet witch meens 380 citzens have to live in your town to be a hamlet, if that population goes under 380 that doesnt mean your rank goes down.There is a lot of Dlc's like Natural disasters, which adds disasters to the game that make the game more challenging.I love the newest dlc named: mass transit, it adds more public transit to the game like Blimps for air transport, ferries for water transport in canals, monorails that can travel above roads, saving space. There are cable cars for simple transport over mountains.On the cons:The dlc's are a bit pricy, but you do get really good quality for the money you spend.You will need a good computer to play it, visit the forums.That is my review of the game,Thx for reading!"
76561198024145486,Recommended,255710,27933297,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,êrman kuzu,"Brilliant game, I can't get enough of it. It feels like a reall world city planing/designing simulator :P"
,Recommended,255710,28051837,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Desolator,Arguably the best city builder game out there.With plentiful content and tools to modify almost anything your city needs and with a continuously expanding workshop/communty enabling even more options.
,Recommended,255710,29438133,Posted: 22 January,all,Freak Geniuz,"Awesome game. You can build your own city, rule it, and manage it. Think the possibilities of this game!"
76561197982944694,Recommended,255710,14840284,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Lightning,"I've only had a little bit of play time, and I'm already in love with this game. It's everything that SimCity 5 was supposed to be. At first, when I first started, I was feeling a bit skeptical because you start out with very little, but after the first city upgrade, I immediately felt excited. There is so much in this game that I missed from SimCity 4 that is in this one. Without a doubt, if you loved SimCity 4, then this is the game for you. The graphics are great and the detail is astonishing. 50/10 and then some."
,Recommended,255710,14840322,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,RaineOfFire,"Massive cities. Day one mod support. Everything that SimCity was and more. In my opinion better than SimCIty 4. This is the new city builder that people will be playing for years. The developers listened which made the game even better. No online to worry about either. Seriously, if you are still looking between SimCity 2013 and Cities: Skyline go see a doctor because there's something wrong with you. I can't reccomend this game enough."
76561198015801641,Recommended,255710,15000211,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,[1stTX.H] Pvt. Obermann,"Literally what the last iteration of SimCity should've been back in 2013.  Thank you to Colossal Order, and Paradox Interactive.  There's still hope for modern PC gaming."
76561198010526860,Recommended,255710,14840254,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Lockmor,Built a hydro-electric dam. Accidentally flooded my entire city leaving it an inhospitable waste land. 10/10 would flood again.
76561198026501181,Recommended,255710,14840307,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,JMan,Fantastic game! Nuff said.
,Recommended,255710,14922015,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Phil,"After playing 9 hours I can definately say this is a great game and puts EA's latest SIMCITY to shame. You can build cities 9 times the size of the ones in SIMCITY. The district mechanic is excellent allowing you to easily name and manage different areas of your city. The transport systems are good, you create bus/train routes and set heavy traffic bans in certain districts. The game looks good and runs smooth as balls and with the support of Steam Workshop I can see this game lasting a long time. If you want a good city builder this is worth full price."
76561198123034396,Recommended,255710,17513108,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,[℄]๖ۣۜLιᴍ_,Amazing city builder. The details are intricate and the addons you can apply multiply the game's experience by so much.
76561198046685245,Recommended,255710,16505260,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,THEONEHUNTER426,:]
,Recommended,255710,30027179,Posted: 18 February,all,Goose Black,"Cities: Skylines is heavily inspired by the SimCity model, with RCI zoning, a focus on civic infrastructure, and little to no resource chain management. The game uses an agent-based simulation system similar to SimCity (2013), but with smarter citizens that remember their own home and workplace. Colossal Order has stated there will be a limit of 1 million citizens, each with a home, job, education and many other parameters. This limit may be increased in the future, or be opened to modification. Citizens will take multiple transportation options, with a preference towards public transportation where available. However, timed traffic is not simulated, as the days pass too fast to have an internal day / night cycle.Cities: Skylines also features a unlock system, where new buildings, infrastructure, and services unlock when your city reaches a population threshold. Players start with simple roads, but can quickly progress to avenues and highways as the city grows. However, players can also disable it and start with everything unlocked via Sandbox mode.Maps start at a single 4km² tile, but new map tiles can be bought in game, bringing it to a non-modded maximum of 9 tiles in any direction. This can be further expanded via modding to a theoretical maximum of 25 tiles, or 100km². Maps cannot be terraformed once in game due to the water simulation.japs..."
76561198006739611,Recommended,255710,15053027,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Cheshires,"once played enough with stoppers game becomes very boring, besides drawing zones to think and do there is almost nothing."
,Recommended,255710,24955099,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Fraulein Hilda,I learned more about city planning and management in 10 hours of this game than the whole of my job as a City Planner.
76561197973206419,Recommended,255710,15208148,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Madswitch,"If you want a fun-filled city builder that doesn't get lost in micromanagement, then this game is for you.  I always loved the earlier SimCity titles but I hated worrying about whether I could get the power or water to work.  After playing more casual builders like the Tropico series, I began to prefer that style over the more technical aspects of other management sims.  Cities: Skylines blends both of these worlds beautifully with all the benefits.Learning curve is fairly light so don't worry about whether you have the time to learn what the game has to offer.  I watched a 30 minute tutorial on YouTube and began playing immediately.  Sure the premise is simple but don't let that convince you that the game lacks complexity.  Managing traffic jams, proper zoning, passing policies all allow for a custom experience with tons of replay value.  At a modest $29.99 USD pricetag, you can't afford to wait!"
76561197998108510,Recommended,255710,15200513,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Stongs,The best city sim I've played.
76561197970436203,Recommended,255710,25330744,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,dabba,"Short and sweet, Cities: Skylines is without a doubt the best city building sim I have ever played, and the experience is enhanced by an absolutely amazing mod community.  It is worth every penny and some.  Go buy it, build the city of your dreams."
,Recommended,255710,33369260,Posted: 8 July,all,CrayCrayChicken1,"This game is a masterpiece; however, like all games, it has its cons. But I'll start off with the pros: it has lively and addictive gameplay-you can play it for hours without getting bored. It has so much to offer and it extremely realistic. From ingame radio stations to many types of roads, buildings and transport forms, you can create and control your city like no other game done before. Aswell as a great and easy UI, this game tops it all. Unfortunately, it is laggy and glitchy after the Mass Transit updates and is not as enjoyable but still playable. The DLCs are also quite expensive and I believe they are required for even better gameplay and fun - but the DLCs also don't have a massive amount of content to them."
76561198399070610,Not Recommended,255710,32701843,Posted: 23 June,all,connorhthorne,"For some reason i cant play the game because when i go on it just says the name of the company and i cant do anything after that. I tried hitting enter and clicking on it, but the logo just gets brighter"
76561198235380352,Recommended,255710,25268497,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Pastrymonster,"What a nice and beautiful city, this should work and everyone...What... what are you doing? Why are so many cars here? No...NO don't do that! Just use the other street! No, not this one! Oh, c'mon don't do this to me... stop complaining!... where are the firetrucks? NOOO, what are you doing on the highway?? Not enough electricity? What do you mean not enough electricity, I just gave you two more solarplants!? Low on water? I just... You live next to a river, go and get water by yourself! .... I love this game :)"
76561198207345215,Recommended,255710,32876344,Posted: 27 June,all,Hideyoshi,"I had been waiting to play it! When I finally did for the first time, I was so disappointed that you spend the first 15 minutes on building electricity and putting water pipes. When I finally started building, again disappointment, because I had thought that you could put buildings one by one.But! I continued playing. And then, I found myself sitting on my♥♥♥♥♥for 4 hours straight! Best game ever! You have so many options and things, and it challеnges your creative side at the best way possible!  10/10 would recommend!"
76561198044319679,Recommended,255710,14906574,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,I'm Not a Spy,Most Epic city builder ever.
76561198120678815,Recommended,255710,14911780,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,BearFucker,"The real sequel to sim city 4. I hope EA execs cry themselves to sleep knowing how much money they could have made if they didn't shove unwanted, online only, DRM down our throats."
,Recommended,255710,14837517,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,FlannelFlaps,I dunno what you're doing with your life if you aren't grinding this masterpiece of a game.
,Recommended,255710,14902155,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Robert #1 Musician in Rust,"The best city building game there is right now, everything is how it should be.Buy it!!!!"
,Recommended,255710,14830382,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Gnikrutuf,"Well well well well well wellllll....Good potential, but many bugs are still present after 3 months.I never really made a big city; it bugs, or glitch, get frustrated, ragequit, come back later, star a new city, repeat.Nevertheless, I'm sure it will get bettet in time... but not to much please???   Still recommend it."
76561197979998458,Recommended,255710,14833384,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,CheapO,"If Simcity 2000 was created in 2015, it would be this game.  This is exactly the city builder you've been waiting for."
76561198011702456,Recommended,255710,14834323,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,[Spectre] Wolf,"this game is beautifull, well presented and great to play, I would recommend it hands down as it is not the most expensive game and has great support for modding and workshop content.however the road system needs quite a bit of work as cars seem to only use 1 of 2 left turn lanes on 6 lane roads which piles them together in very long traffic jams causing trucks to not be on time with deliveries, the emergency services also get stuck in this traffic instead of driving past is as they would in real life.the end game does make the game less enjoyable but workshop content will hopefully fix that.all in all a great game and has everything that simity has not got."
,Recommended,255710,14838180,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Munfis,"This is what we were promised when EA announced Simcity. Only Collosal Order haven't gone and cut everything out. The maaps are huge (the default 9 tiels is pretty much enough 99% of the time), the economy and simulation aspects feel right, and all in all, this feels like a pretty, better optomised, remake of simcity 4, which is all most people have ever wanted in a city builder anyway!"
,Recommended,255710,14838951,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Jerkamie,Paradox is becomming one of the only publishes I trust.
76561198097299247,Recommended,255710,14839540,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,danmcisaac,Started Playing last night when I got home from work. Played for an hour and a half. Put it down. Made dinner. Watched TV with the wife. Contemplated booting up SimCity 4 with mods. Booted up Cities: Skylines instead. Made a new city because I felt I botched the other one learning about the tools. Got 3 hours of sleep. Oops.
76561197987910998,Recommended,255710,14904824,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,tfwo,"Dear EA, Maxis...this is what SimCity should have been. Watch and learn."
76561198030769328,Recommended,255710,14909107,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Notho,"The game Sim City (2013) should have been, and the one Cities XL wishes it was."
76561198030781344,Recommended,255710,14832552,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Gentoo,"Excellent game. Feels a lot like SimCity 4, but with better graphics and better traffic simulation. It is by the people who made the City in Motion games, so not surprising. It leaves SimCity 2013 in the trash bin where it belongs.It has social policies you can zone to particular areas of the map. A nice touch. It has a MASSIVE playing area. You will NOT run out of space. Pretty much not ever, even if you try. My  current game has train lines going between isolated town areas, and a big city area. It feels more like a small country than a single city.The negatives I have to mention are that there doesn't appear to be an ""undo"" button once you do something, and there appears to be no way to reverse one way streets. You have to destroy them and rebuild them. Kinda silly.  Those are just small nitpicks though. The game is solid and is the first pre-order I haven't regretted."
,Recommended,255710,14833426,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Uchiha Madara,Better than that sim sh*tty.Worth every penny.8/10
,Recommended,255710,14835841,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Roxbury,"Electronic Arts, take note: this is how you make a modern version of a classic city builder game that you managed to screw up.My review is simple. Cities skylines is a fresh take on a game that most competitors managed to screw up time and time again. yes, it does have its minor flaws such as no disasters, but, overall the game is solid. A fantastic game that deserves the spotlight right now. Only time will tell with modding and add ons wherre this game will go. In my opinion, this game will be the new start and direction to where city builder games should focus on.Hats off to you Colossal Order, Your game is simply fantastic."
76561198074481696,Recommended,255710,14836278,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Xmorphs,"This is how you launch a game, it's Fantastic. Beats simcity at every level."
,Recommended,255710,14837948,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,ContourNut98,This is as good today as SimCity 2000 was 20 years ago.
,Recommended,255710,14902225,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,tbvinhal,"I love how the team of this game is so attentive to feedbacks... so different from EA. I still remind of how angry I used to get everytime we would simply ask for EA not to destroy core game features of SimCity in its 2013s version and they would just ignore the comments on their devs blog... One week after the game is launched and if you go to the Steam Workshop, the team that developed this game is already commenting on the mods they think would bring interesting stuff that should become core in the next update... thats how bad youre gona love this game. By the way, it is a 5 star game, fair price, very open to modding and very close to simcity in its best years, but much more improved. If you are a SimCity player already, the game experience should feel familiar, so not very difficult to start. Buy it."
,Recommended,255710,14836083,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Cenek,"Um, never have I cried so much to the amazement of this game. And it still suprises me!Seriously.. on launch, absolutley no bugs. Maybe a few corrections to be made like with paths and add ons.. but the gamers are making mod's and designs for this game.. it can only get better and holly crap, steam workshop intergrates without you having to exit the game... and you can unclick buildings to mods / they thought of everything for this game!I downloaded a saved game, edited it, its like I've been playing for days. Then I built a few highways from Downtown to decrease traffic on the main bridge.. and wow.. it worked.. everything I think I wanna do in this game, it does it. Re-name suburbs, making it enviromental now. Unlimited money mod day 1, something I credit the makers of this game for (unlike simcity 5 that have been absolute asses with cheats/mods). The Traffic / people are so realisitc in movement.. Its what Simcity should of done!?!If you like builder games, this is for you! Its worth $90.. seriously.. And its perhaps better than any simcity / builder game I've ever played.Just wow.. wow..wow! So glad I ordered Premium - I'll be playing this game for hours on end!"
,Recommended,255710,14836144,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Rory,Stupidly addictive and brilliantly detailed. Get it if you miss what Sim City used to be.
76561197960875525,Recommended,255710,14904780,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Sheripie,way better than sim city
,Recommended,255710,14907383,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,kochavaree,One of the greatest Simulator Game. Must play it now 10/10
76561197981901917,Recommended,255710,14827301,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Toetag,"Best City builder in YEARS! You won't be disapointed if you love city builders.  I'm only 3 hours in and the quality over Simcity 13 is apparent from the start. I've seen some people complain about the graphics but they are good. It's the quality of gameplay in these types of games that keep the true city builder fans engaged, The only bad reviews so far are from people that don't know what their PC will handle, hardly the devs fault. Hightly recommended!!"
,Recommended,255710,14832754,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Gearuser,"After only 4 hours of this game I can say I am in love.PositivesHuge maps (who ever came up with the idea to keep expanding your city limits should get a pay raise)PLANNING TOOLS!Districts (and of course you can do alot with them too)Great OptimizationSo much you can do with roads and pathways (Ramps, ramps everywhere)Great communityeasily moddableNegativesThe two one way roads (connect to the outside world highway) at the start of the game can cause alot of problems with traffic (kind of annoying but in a way fun to work around)Minor things (bugs,etc.)Verdict10/10 - how can it get any better?Thank you paradox!"
76561198007429677,Recommended,255710,14839233,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Marsaray,"This game is really a bargain. Not only is it a great title but it's easy on the wallet and on bandwidth. I couldn't believe this game was under 2 gb.It's very fun to play, you can design your city any way you want, even if it's to your own determent! I've built 3 or 4 cities now that were absolutely awful due to no aforethought.A fantastic city building sim."
,Recommended,255710,14836142,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Elysium,"Spent 3 hours building a city. It was actually starting to become pretty good except I kept having to building wind turbine after wind turbine because peope were tweeting crap like ""I hope he stays green!"". (not a reference to the hulk... or my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..  :o). Decided to invest in a hydro electeric dam. Within 15 seconds my entire city was flooded and i became bankrupt...10/10 flooding simulator 2015"
76561198037194982,Recommended,255710,14840493,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,[PC]Roco45,"An amazing City Building game that takes personalization to another level! There's a lot of content, enough to have you playing for hours and hours. Most people viewing or playing this game have been introduced to SimCity so I'll break it down. There is more content in this game than in SimCity and it's also HALF the price that was at launch. The Map Sizes, with the current mod, can be up to 25 times the map size in SimCity, most computers cannot handle that though so it's a do at your own risk which is fine. The graphics are great and it runs flawlessly on my i7 4790k. The content for this game has unlimited potential in the future. Basically if you like City Builders and Simulators than this is the game for you, it's what SimCity and Cities XXL should have been, hands down (: Also there really isn't any bugs, at least none that I've experienced so far."
,Recommended,255710,21330160,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,assume i am drunk,"Everyone is dead. The hospitals weren't enough to save them. The plague has begun.Also, I can rename someone ""Dickbutt""10/10"
,Recommended,255710,14857325,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,codexus,I haven't had this much fun playing a city building game since the original Sim City.
,Recommended,255710,14829251,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Nospheratu,"Playing this game is a wonderfuly calming experience. The constant management makes you allways busy, but at the same time, isnt overwhelming. You can also enjoy the flow of your city/citizens. Personally after comparing the experience with SimCity, i would say im getting a more richer experience from Skylines. The guys at Paradox have done it again."
,Recommended,255710,14830127,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,rockingrb1,So I've played this for 5 1/2 hours straight and can confirm its one of the best City builders out there. It is exactly what Simcity 2013 should have been if EA didnt ♥♥♥♥ up so much. Even though its only launch day I would already rate this as one of the best city builders out there.
,Recommended,255710,14831721,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Deez Nux,"I love SimCity4. I always end up reinstalling it to have a good city builder fix. It's a shame that there was no SimCity released in 2013. Cities Skylines is just plain fun. It's not overly easy, nor does it punish you, but simply rewards and scolds you for your creativity or ineptitude.There is just so much to it, it's amazing just how damn well this beats runs."
,Recommended,255710,14832977,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,SmokyMtnRed,"To me, it reminds me to the older version of SimCity. They take bits and pieces from SimCity 3000, SimCity 4 and SimCity 2013 to make this game. Sure there are a few minor bugs, but nowhere near enough to ruin the experience. If you are an old-school SimCIty player, you will like this game."
,Recommended,255710,14833870,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Hjarg,"This is a rare gem of a game- the kind that you keep on playing in your head even when you left the computer.City-building at it's finest. Easy to use interface, logical connections and the joy when you see your first skyscrapers building up... or when you complete especially challenging highway intersection and it works. Priceless."
,Recommended,255710,14837497,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Tythus,I could list the pro's and cons and while there are some thing i would like to run diffently mainly roads being more easy to manage and bendy pipes everything is what i hope SimCity wwas going to be and more not a purchase you are going to regret
,Recommended,255710,14837943,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,scurvydan,One small thing I like about this game is how cars will park on the streets. This game is full of tiny details that makes the world feel alive.
,Recommended,255710,14899629,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Dr Mantis Tobogan,"Best city building game ever... and I don't just say that lightly. It has the depth and complexity of the best of the Sim City games mixed with sleek modern graphics.Your City live breathes and evolves constantly through the game, as you grapple to keep it from falling into enviromental and economic disaster.The only disadvantage to this game is the lack of unique disaster events, e.g earthquakes, that the Sim City franchise featured. However the developer has promised to patch them into the game.With strong features, engaging and complex game play as well as Steam Workshop mod support, Cities Skylines in everything that the recent Sim City reboot should have been."
,Recommended,255710,14902382,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,viento en popa,"A real return to city building greatness.I approached Cites:Skylines with a small amount of trepidation, I have already been burnt by the disappointment that was the most recent Sim City.However Cities:Skylines is no Sim City clone. Rather it takes a lot of the best elements of the Sim City franchise, and puts them into a very a slick, playable and user friendly package.  The game is friendly to a new user, introducing new elements and features over time in a gated sense, but don't be mistaken it isn't impossible to fail, on my very first city I managed to bankrupt myself before I had proper infrastructure or even a few buildings because of my complex and excessively ambitious waste management and water system. From the get go there is a lot to do providing an engaging experience, but not so much as to overwhelm. There is enough detail and content to introduce the newer player gradually whilst  simultaneously allowing players with more experience new ways to improve and experiment.You start off small, with a few roads and your very most basic amenities and infrastructure for water and electricity. You attract a few hundred people, build a school, and start expanding your commercial center. Before you know it you are the mayor of a town of 50,000, rebuilding motorways, managing 6 lane roundabouts and trying to build a spaghetti roller-coaster of a highway junction to alleviate excessive congestion as traffic pours into your Metropolis to visit your colossal skyscrapers. It is a very satisfying experience, through your own strategy and planning you have turned a small dull field with a few small houses into a buzzing, noisy city with a real character of your own choosing.Despite how enjoyable the game has been so far in the short term, my most considerable worry going into the future is the potential lack of replay value. You build your infrastructure , you grow your city, you put amenities and services. The play pattern every game is pretty much identical, and there are very few randomly generated elements to change this. Combined with the lack of multiplayer capability really begs the question what will keep players coming back for more. However this is certainly somewhat alleviated by the games innate modability and interaction with the steam workshop, which seems to add a lot of capability and even quality of life fixes to the game.This game has such a low price-tag that you could easily get your value for money in a few play throughs, and even if  you do get burnt out there is not much to lose. The game also has all of the appropriate attributes to evolve and grow with the release of DLC and steam workshop content, making it a really appealing prospect to come back to when you feel like a spending your time building a city.The game is fairly slow tempo by design, this shouldn't be a surprise it's being a  city builder not Call of Duty. If slower simulation games (Civilization, city management games, Rome Total War etc) are not to you preference then I can't really suggest this will do much to change that. It's a great game for relaxing, and thinking, but its not high tempo competitive nor challenging game. Though that does not mean it isn't engaging,  there is always something to do and things ever changing as you grow your city, it always keeps the player considering of ways to improve/diversify or grow the city.The lack of multiplayer is a missed opportunity. Had the game had similar multiplayer functionality to the most recent Sim City, such as if there was some way of building concurrent cities that would evolve and change depending on a friend''s decisions in real time would have made for an even more complete experience. At the very least better functionality in terms of sharing cities and visiting cities created by friends would add a lot discussion and interaction, but  I imagine these  features are possibilities for the future, the game itself is a great platform which could be easily extended to a mutliplayer experience which I feel would round off the experience and add significant longevity.Conclusion4/5.A very good city building simulation that is very accessible, with a user friendly and functional UI and variable gameplay pacing. The game is simultaneously relaxing yet intriguing, and ultimately leaves the player feel very satisfied.The steam workshop, and other modability means the game may continue to grow, but the static gameplay pattern with very little variability or random events and no current multiplayer make the longevity questionable."
76561198007063908,Recommended,255710,14908338,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,trapez,"I feel young again! I feel like not going to work, I feel like not going to sleep. I feel like playing - playing non stop. There are very few games that give that feeling nowadays (although thankfuly once in a while such game pops out every now and then) and Cities: Skylines is certainly one of them.If you even remotely like building stuff - don't hesitate. It's a real no-brainer here!"
,Recommended,255710,14908464,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,yakuza963,"Easily the best city builder to come around in a long time. It also does alot to bring new wrinkles into the established formula. Being able to name and customize pretty much anything in the game is fantastic. And also having the ability to create separate districts within the city is a great addition. You can even set different policies within each district. Want an area with no smoking? You can do that. Want people to recycle? Click the checkbox.Only thing I'd say that could be considered 'negative' would be that you can't take any loans out until you reach a population of 400+. So if you get a little overzealous when starting out (like I did), you might find yourself in a bind. You can take a Bailout, but then that disables being able to do certain things.Overall I'm really enjoying the game, and I can see this being a top played for me for awhile."
,Recommended,255710,14830133,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Deano,"Quite a step from previous city building games. Easy to learn and navigate. Graphically ok, very well optimized. Trumps Cities XL and Simcity for sure. Just proves you can always rely on Paradox to deliver."
,Recommended,255710,14833344,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,zoppp,This is what I thought simcity 5 was going to be like. The game is great!
,Recommended,255710,14833762,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Mystic,"You can tell when a game is created by passionate artists and developers. This could be the SimCity 4 successor that we have been waiting all these years for. Everything that SC2k13 did wrong, Colossal Order tried to make right. City sizes are 9x bigger, and easily modded to 25x bigger than SC2k13. They didn't only make things better, they also introduced many new features such as districts, specialized industrial zones and dynamic water movement. Modding support is also a huge feature that is offered. The Steam Workshop has over 1000 mods, models and maps already online less than 24 hours after the release. There are a handful of requests for features that didn't make it to release, but the devs promised that they would continue working on this game to include as many new features as possible. (Such as road & highway tunnels, disasters and day/night cycles).This is only the first day of the launch, and the game is already extremely stable, and looks beautiful.I look forward to seeing what the devs and the mod community comes up with in the future!This game was created by a small indie development team and look at what they produced. I highly recommend this game to anyone who felt disappointed with SimCity and wants to play a genuine city simulator that has the fun of previous versions, but the new features that modern gamers want to play."
,Recommended,255710,14886081,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Catovitch,"This is the Sim City you've been waiting for, even if it isn't called ""Sim City"". More Sim City than Sim City."
76561198020979772,Recommended,255710,31421559,Posted: 28 April,all,baddoggs,"Ok, 50 hours in game and i am ready to make some comments.Firstly, I am not new to citybuilders. I have played most from SimCity series to the ceaser/roman series so i have some experiencewith this style of game.Firstly, I Must say, for a game that is supposed to enjoy mod support,Mods cause MOST of the problems that i have encounterd in my 50or so hours. Some would say, forget mods, play the vanilla. Faircomment, except You kind of need them to adress some of the majorissues/bugs in the game.Ok, Your first problem is going to be ""how to get utility vehicles towork properly?"" Short answer, You just can't. Ther are many modsthat claim they can but most have been abandoned by there creatorand not updated so... They WILL crash your game of cause Gfx issues.You can almost never tell witch ones will work so you will have to resortto the ""suck it and see"" method. To be fair, there are MANY cerative soulswho have blessed us with literally thousands of player made assets,IE buildingstrain stations, All sorts of stuff to make your city look great. Sadly as with themods, many go un updated and will crash your game*. So Mod at your own risk.Second strike, Taxes are your ONLY source of income. Most games of this typeusually have some buildings to generate extra income. Not this one. I thinkyou get something for transit, bus, train etc but from what im told and seenmyself you rarely break even let alone generate profit.Third strike, Vehicle AI is abysmal. On a 6 lane h/way ALL the traffic will convergeinto 1 lane totally ignoring the outher 5. Including service vehicles such as garbagepolice, fire and EMS.Fourth, Road building. If you like nice crisp grids then Ha ha ha Good luck.It is hard and requires a lot of practice to get any good at it. so try ""random"" placings.Your first few citys will look like you did anyway.. Lol. You can only zone 4 tiny squaresoff ANY roads except h/ways witch you can't zone off at all.Fifth, If you want to use mods, Male sure you have a really good computer.It takes at least 4GB RAM just to launch a vanilla map... Don't even try witha single/dual core CPU or a GPU less than a GTX9something or less than 8GB Ram. Whilst you may get it to run, it will lag and get very choppy as your FPSdrops off the scale.There are many outher issues to numerous and too small to mention hereso we will end the negitive part of the review.So, What i like about the game.With the right system, It runs very well and is easely the best looking gameof this type i have ever played. For me it actually runs really smooth andyour citys look great, especially at night. You CAN use mods, with the rightsystem and there are some terriffic mods/assets/maps made by playersin the steam workshop. Modding through the workshop is smooth andreally easy. Creating your own custom maps/assets is simple too with theeditors provided. Some major improvements over games like simcity.first, free zoning, Great night/day cycle, and much better visually andthe editors. there aretoo many outhers to list here.The 2 best things i LOVE about CS is continued dev support in the formof patches,updates and cool new DLC's. The community so far thoughis the best feature. As a new player i was on the forums, asking the dumbnewbie questions we noobs ask and... No rude comments, no trolling/baitingNo real badwill at all. Just helpful advice and encouragement. No stupidquestions, just helpful advice. Thanks to all who replied to my posts BTW.Do i recommend this game.. Well.. To a gamer who has experience withthis style of game or any game that requires TONS of micromanagementthen an Emphatic YES.. Buy it now, you will love it.To anyone else who want's a more casual gaming experiance, probablynot. to those (you know who you are) with the attention span of a goldfish(or do you remember He he he) Stay right away. You will hate it.I can see myself enjoying this game for a long time Bugs regardless.I payed full price with no regrets.EDIT: After 150+ hrs now i can finish this review.Firstly The free patch relesed with the mass transit DLC has gone a long waytowards fixing most of the issues i have had so far. Most of the gfx issues are fixed,The load speed is a little better And road bulding is much more precice.So, Most of the upgrades were inspired by the major mods in the game,This shows the dev's take notice and care what is happening in game andrespond to it. This has not negated the use of mosd but has made the vanillagame a lot more playable for the more casual player.Another plus is ALL the major mods have been updated since the free patch so..WOOHOO....In short, this has gone from being a good playable game to an exellent exampleof what a citybuilder can be if the dev team care enough. It is pretty clear that they do.As stated in my original review, the community is still the best part of this game.This is now on my HIGHLY recommended list.Disclamer: This review is MY personal opinion only.NOTE: I like the fact all content inspired by playermade mod's was in thefree patch. I dig the integrity."
,Recommended,255710,23376641,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Aurora Blitz,Highly addictive
76561198013529169,Recommended,255710,16655176,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rodario,"""The city sim that Sim City (2013) should have been"" pretty much sums it up.Most of its minor flaws (depending on personal preference) can be ironed out with mods, for which there is a very active community. Also, the developers have been diligently patching the game and I'd like to point out that the European map & buildings pack included for free in the last update would have probably been sold as a DLC by most of their competitors."
76561198070877914,Recommended,255710,24323024,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,CoolSwedish,"Definitely the best city builder ever made. Cities Skylines is like a german game, (not the simulators) it has overdone everything. All mechanics in the game are better than they need to be. The water is DYNAMIC! WHAT! Throw Simcity in the trash and play a real game. It is lacking DLC but makes up for it in mods."
76561198093002203,Recommended,255710,23371948,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Chia,"I had never even been interested in city-building games before I bought this game on a whim. It is awesome fun, for players new to the genre as well as veterans. If you have even a passing interest in city building I would highly recommend this game. :)"
76561198069066905,Recommended,255710,14830213,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Daniel Love,i can not bleave it it is the best city bulder ever played well done to the team
,Recommended,255710,34472990,Posted: 24 August,all,ESper,This game is great when you seek for fun in the city simulator
,Recommended,255710,26581827,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Alt,what a time-sink...
76561198068124545,Recommended,255710,23938816,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,droider1967,Very good game! If you like city builders this is YOUR GAME. I would recommend this game to just about anyone!10/10 would play again!
,Recommended,255710,23383734,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Aerdian,"This is such a great game! This is by far the best city building game I've ever played. I've played SimCity and love it, but this goes so far beyond. There are so many options. I love the natural resources, which really adds to the gameplay. The only thing I think could be improved is the road building; it's sometimes difficult to place the road right where you want it. Overall, this game is great! If you are considering purchasing but are unsure, just buy it! You'll be pleased."
,Recommended,255710,14831419,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,daddy,"They have actually done it. EDIT: BUT... read the end of the review.To be frank, I was skeptical if this wasn't just overhyped in the wake of the SC13 and CXL debacles, but from what I could gather in the 5 hours it has glued me to the screen tonight, Cities Skylines might be the SC4 successor we have been waiting for. The game is easy in the beginning, but not overly so and traffic and garbage can be a challenge even with 8k residents (although not an unfair one). The simulation is responsive and detailed. The interface is confusing at first but you get used to it quickly enough. They reduced SC4's diagram bloat but sadly some useful ones fell victim as well.Soundtrack is nice but rather repetitive, and the modding community will need to figure out if we can make this as pretty and diverse as SC4 was eventually.I didn't like Skylines' art style from the previews, but playing the game it grows on you. The visual fidelity in the lowest zoom levels is lacking, but you have the reassurance that what you are seeing is actually simulated, unlike SC13. You can see individual citizens, but I sort of miss the traffic flow maps from buildings in SC4RH.Variety is enough to keep me going for a couple dozen hours. I'll update this review once Skylines has passed the test of time ;)EDIT: So, I have played for 25 hours now, and thats it for now. Sorry, but the lack of gameplay depth and seeing the same building 10 times next to the others really won't keep me coming back. Yes there is the workshop, but its an unsorted mess and sifting through the thousands of reskinned buildings to find the occasional new one is exhausting. We need some content curators or new gameplay content fast."
,Recommended,255710,17509146,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Krixey,omg yes
76561197999067740,Recommended,255710,25642982,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,-DI- rmjohnson144,"Great city painter.  Not a lot of gaming mechanics, but fun to create large cities.Workshop is awesome.  Maybe too awesome with over a 100,000 items since launch.  If you use a lot of the workshop, you may need a lot of ram.  it's easy to hit 8gb.  16gb can be reached on very large cities.You may be better off with making sure your game meets ""Recommended"" requirements as ""Minimum"" requirements can be reached easily with workshop use.  Even vanilla will struggle on ""minimum"" as you reach the max 9-tiles that is the default of the game.  Workshop items will let you build to 25-tiles with ease, and possible 81-tiles, but not on ""Minimum"" requirements"
76561198188666557,Recommended,255710,15318647,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ItalianDude64,Waaaaaay better then any other city building game!!!!!
76561198020011270,Recommended,255710,25335895,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,TommyTom,"Its a really addicting game. You get to manage to your city, set taxes, and more! So far I dont have any negatives about this game because of simply how good it is."
,Recommended,255710,15089128,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Havok16,"Doesn't ♥♥♥♥ up like Sim City did. Probably one of the best city building games I've ever played (Pharoah and maybe SC4 also come up there).Looks and performs great, modding scene is incredible, developers are in touch with the players and keep it updated well, city sizes are very good (and mods enable it to be 25 times larger than the initial starter square). Go for it!"
,Recommended,255710,18430309,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Bread,Finally a game that brings Sim City 4 out of my nightmares.  Great Game.  Just going to get better.
76561197970617010,Recommended,255710,18437654,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Geez3r,"Cities: Skylines is everything I wished Cities XL and SimCity4 was.  I can build an enormous city without having to build any satellite  support cities.  :cartwheels:  Add in the Steam Workshop mods and I can customize my gameplay, maps, and buildings to get the exact experience I want.  I was a bit leery of purchasing this as there have been so many let-downs with the city-builders over the last decade.  I'm happy to say Cities: Skylines is the one I've been waiting oh-so-long for.  If you're at all into city-building simulators don't pass this one by!"
,Recommended,255710,14900031,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,PESUkarhuVISIO,Love builder games? This is it.
,Recommended,255710,34328650,Posted: 18 August,all,Magic School Bus,one of the best city building games in our time!
,Recommended,255710,15134408,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Ten Year Old Squeaker,"OMG. This game is so freaking sexy. I've played it for 12 hours so far, and my city is so beautiful! Just looking at it makes my nips hard. 10/10."
,Recommended,255710,16690676,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Zephyr,"BEEEE DOOOO BEEEE DOOOO BEEEE DOOOO BEEEE DOOOO BEEEE DOOOO BEEEE DOOOO BEEEE DOOOO BEEEE DOOOO BEEEE DOOOO BEEEE DOOOO BEEEE DOOOO BEEEE DOOOO BEEEE DOOOO BEEEE DOOOO BEEEE DOOOOI hope you like ambulance sirens.Really though, this game is awesome. Great spiritual successor to Sim City and the city game I've been waiting years for."
76561198085948283,Recommended,255710,14836056,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Elater,EA Shuts Down SimCity Developer Maxis.This is why i bought.
,Recommended,255710,18341341,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Kahn,"896 minutes was my casual look at the After Dark DLC today - Nuff said, if you even city sim #jfdi"
76561198306164534,Recommended,255710,34557116,Posted: 28 August,all,Lee_Dat_Boi,"Great game but I do not suggest buying this if you have a crappy desktop, Overall Great graphics. You should buy this game in a sale like when I bought the deluxe version for only 11$ just wait for a sale then buy it before it ends its worth it!"
,Recommended,255710,30234952,Posted: 27 February,all,baslingen,"The best city builde i've ever played.The good:- Fanastic Graphics - Very realistic. The best i've seen in any city builder.- LOADS of downloadable realistic buildings, vehicles etc. avaliable in the workshop.- Complex game mechanics. Especially traffic is challenging (in a good way)- Every new City you build is a new experience/game- Cool DLC likew Natural disasters or SnowfallThe not so good:- Really puts a strain on your graphics card/cpu. Demands a lot from the hardwareConclusion:- If You are into these kind of games. BUY BUY BUY! :)"
,Recommended,255710,15084617,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mr.Zombie,♫ Do you want to build a skyline? ♫
,Recommended,255710,27596128,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,nessumsar,"This game has taken the throne as the ultimate city building game for me, and I don't say this lightly. My first was the original Sim City, because I am old like that. Cities: Skylines is what a modern city builder should be. Plenty of details to dive into, but you can also take a more casual approach, if micromanaging isn't your style. Although some amount of micromanagement interest is probably not a BAD thing in this case (especially when it comes to planning your neighborhoods and traffic). If building cities is your bag, this will not dissapoint."
76561198057898697,Recommended,255710,25305497,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Zara Larsson,"Everything is great except the chirper, ♥♥♥♥ the chirper"
,Recommended,255710,32903644,Posted: 27 June,all,Canada420,"Simply....wow. This game is incredible. Very complex, but addicting. Took me a couple tries to get my city going right, but it's really fun and I highly recommend it."
76561198289555556,Recommended,255710,34909063,Posted: 12 September,all,TNWH,Pretty lit game but it gets a little repetitive and the DLCs are not cheap!
76561198008954980,Recommended,255710,16332163,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Skwangtang,Game of the Year
,Recommended,255710,19644563,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,the boys light up,"This game is so chill, and just an all round decent city builder that helps you understand whats happening slowly. So you can fully get all mechanics of the game. Cities: Skylines is worth your dollar signs fam."
,Recommended,255710,21318568,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Col_Dynamo,"Admirable. Beautiful. Surreal. Cities: Skylines, the most enjoyable and challenging game. And in my opinion, being the most 'worth it' game which I have yet come across. This game covers many various genres and produces plenty of fun for hours on end. I certainly recommend it if you're looking for a 'city builder' - you won't regret it."
,Recommended,255710,15124470,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Kai,"Cities: Skylines is a city builder developed by Colossal Order, the folks who were responsible for making the Cities in Motion series, and published by Paradox Interactive, and I have to say this is hands down the best city builder we’ve ever had on Steam .The scale of the game is simply astonishing, by default the game features a 36km2 map which is almost 10 times the size of the map you’re given in SimCity 2013, and with the help of mods from the Steam Workshop, this can be expanded to 100 km2, which is absolutely enormous. Even though there are no interactions between cities in different maps, it is frankly not necessary, with the help of the powerful yet easy to use building tool, you can simply build multiple cities on a single map.Despite the humongous size, the developers paid close attention to details, in fact, detail is the word I’ll use to describe this game. From the entire traffic network, down to individual citizens, every aspect in Cities: Skylines are properly simulated. You’ll find trucks, colour coded depending on what they are currently carrying, delivering their cargos to their designated factories, citizen actually live in a permanent home, and ambulances that will rush to the scene, then little paramedics will get out of the vehicle, and few seconds later return with a patient on a stretcher.I also love how water works in this game as well as the fluid physics, it is completely unnecessary to have it in a city builder but at the same time it adds so much to experience, water have currents and flows, and you'll want to pump water on the upstream and set up sewage pipes on the opposite side, else you’ll start pumping polluted sewage water back into the system. You can even completely drain a lake dry, or accidently flooding your city because you just demolished a dam, playing with water have never been so fun.This is a city builder perfected, further enriched by the endless creativity of the community with the support of Steam Workshop, and lastly accompanied by an unprecedented scale. Cities: Skylines is a must buy for anyone who has the slightest interest in city buildiers, especially with the affordable launch price."
,Recommended,255710,15156866,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Alveuel,"What SimCity 2013 should have been.  Considering the quality of this game, well worth the $30 price tag."
,Recommended,255710,15206297,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,AMCHEC,Absolutely fantastic! A wonderful blend of challenging simulation (if you don't turn cheats on) and creative building. This is a great new step for the city builder genre!
,Recommended,255710,14865619,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,p.galinos,Just simple as this:Best city Builder until Sim City 2000.
,Recommended,255710,20630232,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Goat Boy,Great game. I personally like it better than SimCity
76561198100420113,Recommended,255710,33138695,Posted: 2 July,all,Jelle1603,best city builder game with an even better modding community!
76561198081763051,Recommended,255710,19638999,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,AfricanSpaceJesus,Too many awesome mods and assets. I spend more time on the workshop than in game.10/10
76561198216463968,Recommended,255710,33193785,Posted: 3 July,all,defiance658,Great game
76561198008705527,Recommended,255710,33191363,Posted: 3 July,all,xenulol-axg,"This game was released some time ago, and for those that do not remember, it was released after the last SimCity. If anyone remembers in the months leading up to the release of SimCity we were promised a true multi-city experience with different specializations and the ability to build a simulated region, rather than just a city. The reality that hit us was that SImCity only allowed the construction of cities that are tiny in size, the modelling of both traffic and people migration was done horribly and no actual modelling was in place and that the game was practically broken from the outset. After wasting some time (since then there was nothing really going on in this space) the guys here released Cities: Skylines. After being disappointed with the Cities XXL, I was cautious in buying this game, but after the sterling reviews I bought it.It is a masterpiece of city building simulation with constant support 2 years after release an extremely active and amazing modding community and simply the best, most modern and amazing city-building simulator on the market.Everything from buildings to traffic, to mass transit, to migration to assets, trees and... well, everything is amazing, and yes, after you install your 20+ mods and multiple assets you might run into some kinks (although none if you just run vanilla), but really, if you like these games (and I do, since SimCity (the original) was the first game I played in my life, while being in 1990s frozen Moscow as a child and SimCity 2000 was what I wasted my elementary school hours back in the states) you should really stop reading this, buy the damn game and enjoy building to your heart's content."
,Recommended,255710,23843874,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,hotziggity,"It's a fun, intuitive city builder.PROS:Nice soundtrackNice graphicsGood building toolsA very large map to build on (IM LOOKING AT YOU SIMCITY)Built In Map EditorAsset Editor for making your own buildingsTons of modsCONS:Traffic is hard to manageOverall a great city builder if you hated SimCity from 2013. 9/10"
76561198281995464,Recommended,255710,33229805,Posted: 4 July,all,Riyad6500,"this game is very addictive, once you start playing you will not notice how hours have passed like minutes. i think this game is trying to sell too much dlc. some of the dlc should be in the game for free like art deco & high tech buildings."
76561198005321825,Recommended,255710,23347467,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Hoogles,Do you like city builders? Yes? BUY IT NOW NOW NOW!
,Recommended,255710,14977258,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,MK,Best city builder since simcity 2000
76561198021921598,Recommended,255710,14899293,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Bearded Zeus,"Can make a crap powered hydro dam, what eles could you need."
,Recommended,255710,14865108,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,I3oogie,Fantastic game and at a good price.  Well done.
,Recommended,255710,14864202,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,{W`C} Sir Spanky,"If you played any City Builder, i.e. SimCity, Cities XL Series, or a game simular and liked it this is the City Builder for you.  Cities: Skylines is not Cities XL or anything from that series, this is a new Breed, this will be the future of City Builders.  Fresh new ideas, plays amazing on my older system.  You need this game."
76561197960442745,Recommended,255710,14864484,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Relentless,"After 20 hours into managing my first city, there are many aspects I would do differently on my next one. It's a sign. It means I have a good game on my hands, and many many hours of remaining enjoyment. Very rarely do I find myself planning for future ""play throughs"" before I'm finished with my first.Buy it and enjoy."
,Recommended,255710,14858111,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Azeriel,"This is what Sim City 5 should have been.The WASD camera movement alone is more than enough for me to highly recommend this game, but trust me, if you love city building simulation, you'd love this game."
,Recommended,255710,15028600,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Herrybiscuit,Everything simcity was supposed to be and more. Also no EA ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t so hats off to you Colossal Order!
,Recommended,255710,14866781,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,CriZ303,"Best  since 2003 (SimCity4), great job !"
76561198314345804,Recommended,255710,31432861,Posted: 28 April,all,Swagmag25,I think this is the best city building game ever made. Before this i played SimCity but this is much better. But something that i dont personally like about this game is that all of the expansion packs cost so muuch. And at last i would recomend playing this with a good Computer.
,Recommended,255710,28114098,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,XGeoCookieX,Puts down hydro plant. Water builds up and floods city10/10 ign
,Recommended,255710,21229409,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,La Spooky Brooky Baguette,"Cities Skylines has good depth, endless possibilities and, of course, a large map.Lag on my computer is the only downside...Overall, it's a good game and even better with a good computer"
76561198122499996,Recommended,255710,23379771,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,MitchellD,There is no doubt that this is the best city builder game out there.
76561198069240954,Recommended,255710,14858182,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,jerjeremy,"Hey EA, that's how a city planning game should be"
,Recommended,255710,33201803,Posted: 3 July,all,xWhitastic,"Probably, in my opinion, the best city builder there is on the market. There are tons of mods and DLC to choose from to make the experience that much better, however the base game itself is still fun and will keep you occupied for hours. The only real bad thing about this is the prices of the DLC are very high and some of the DLC don't really add much to the game.8.5/10 my guy"
76561198309079595,Recommended,255710,28112009,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,BadNews,Relaxing and invigorating at the same time...haven't done it as a group; just been through the workshop it's alot to absorb.
,Recommended,255710,31127983,Posted: 13 April,all,deeplogic,"I've been too busy playing this to give it a recommendation, so, here: I recommend this game whole heartedly. Considering it has nearly 30,000 reviews and is sitting at 93%, I don't think I need to go in-depth here at the moment. I'll come back and flesh this review out later."
76561198069998204,Recommended,255710,20212461,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,The Chosen One,+ Nice gameplay+ nice dlc [maybe a little expensive]+ nice blackouts- you must have a good computer11/10
76561198005520500,Recommended,255710,14832025,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,{HHC} MaggieNoodle,Pros:No Always OnlineNo servers neededSteam Cloud savesFantastic performanceFull modding supportHuge territoriesLoads of innovations in the genreTotalyMooCEO is a womanHas Half Life referencesCons:
,Recommended,255710,15305672,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Wif,"THE GOOD:  Looks nice, plays well, easy to pickup and learn, well paced start, heavily expandable with Workshop.THE BAD:  Some very minor bugs, some city management aspects not really explained.A very well made city builder.  The work of modders creating mods and assets has also expanded this game extensively."
,Recommended,255710,30381297,Posted: 7 March,all,Rrrrry123,Best city builder out there!
,Recommended,255710,30383972,Posted: 7 March,all,DownScale,"I love this game. I love everything about this game. But i want a paint brush for Tree Distribution. I can over hand double click rapidily with 2 fingers on the left click button...but I do NOT want to diminish hardware because of something that should just exist.  Why not allow tree drops like painting districts???  It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that I have to click per tree. I WANT THIS AREA coated in trees...why can't i spend a 1/2 mill  to do it? If it's an issue due to mapping zones that's crazy because Zones are on a predefined grid, while Trees are point to point. so if i have the ""paint the district"" circle in an area, I should be able to fill that area with trees and click/hold and paint it around. Why is this - after many updates and expansion - still a thing? PLEASE LET ME PAINT TREES!"
76561198066419052,Recommended,255710,31704424,Posted: 12 May,all,OldGravyLeg86,"Great game to challenge yourself, or just chill and mess around. A definite buy!!"
,Recommended,255710,25759140,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Joltisy,"399 Hours in. Still loving this game, I can never get bored of being god."
,Recommended,255710,28081321,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Woosens,BUY.THIS.GAME.Its on Sale -75% if you did enjoy a SINGLE SECOND playing a City Sim in your life GO BUY THIS GAME you wont regret it
,Recommended,255710,14869498,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Bridge to Terabithia,My roomate stole my desktop for the last 15 hours and played this game.9/10
,Recommended,255710,15163604,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Rev,Game of the year
76561198073253503,Recommended,255710,28094733,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,WhataFella,"Everything Simcity should have been, one of the best city builders of all time."
76561198006632910,Recommended,255710,14848491,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Knight,What the last sim city game should have been. Hats off boys and girls! RIP MAXIS FOR GETTING AQUIRED BY EA AND NOT BEING ABLE TO DELIVER SOMETHING LIKE THIS EVER AGAIN.
,Recommended,255710,14844774,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,antiyoupunk,"If you were in any way disappointed by SimCity, you should buy this game. The design shows a passion and love for what makes city-building games great, and the execution is near flawless.The road building tool is absolutely amazing. It is powerful enough to let you solve traffic issues logically, rather than figuring out work-arounds, or just suffering through traffic. That's not to say it's easy, it does constantly present thought provoking puzzles. But each issue with traffic has a HUGE number of solutions, and each one is fun to implement since the tool is so well designed. In fact, just designing interchanges is a blast.The new district feature is the best thing to come to city building games since map creation (also included btw). The control it gives you over your city allows you to build the city you want.The dynamic water adds some incredible life to the maps, which changes as your city grows and you make changes.City expansion makes planning much more complex and fluid than previous city building games. You will find that old strategies have to be rethought in a more realistic way.You can legalize drugs.There are a few bugs, but none are even close to game breaking. No need to wait for a patch, or servers. In it's current state it is the best city-sim I have ever played. I've only been able to play for a few hours so far, but I'm excited to get to the weekend and sink quite a few hours into this gem.9.5/10"
,Recommended,255710,14833441,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Tyrgrim,"Were you disappointed in EA's SimCity 5?I know how you feel, so was I. I cried for weeks. Couldn't sleep, couldn't eat, got anti-social and depressed. They had murdered one of my favourite gameseries of my childhood. Thought a silly sci-fi expansion would solve my problems.LET THERE BE LIGHT, HERE IS CITIES: SKYLINES!I can already say it's the salvation we've all been waiting for.Buy it. Don't even hesitate. Buy it already.You're still reading? Buy it. Have your salvation. Build the city of your dreams.Come on, I'm telling you this is the game we've been waiting for. Buy it.Guy/girl, you gotta stop reading this and every other review. Buy it, you won't be displeased.What are you standing around for? Pop this thing into your bag and check out.Now I'm gonna call in sick from work and play it, and so should you! You know it's good for you!"
,Recommended,255710,14844016,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Paddelicious,"Ok. This is the most fun simcity building game. I build up my city, all went good. Suddenly ppl starded dying on me.. Np i fixed that with more hospitals and etc. Unlocked hydroplant and BAM i had huge powersupply.. Suddenly i just saw my city go underwater. Fun and addictingly good :D"
,Recommended,255710,14843781,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,joe,Brilliant game. Would have paid more for it. 10/10
76561198130829055,Recommended,255710,33741827,Posted: 23 July,all,Jakeoc2,"I wish I never bought this game, Obessing over traffic patters for hours like some kind of comatose retard is not how I wanted to spend my free time, yet I cannot stop."
76561197970431534,Recommended,255710,14859283,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Dachande,DANGEROUSLY ADDICTIVE!10/10
,Recommended,255710,14844706,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Frazzz,"Cities Skylines finally itches that urge for a city builder with so much to give. Creat huge cities and expand over a huge region or make mini little towns here there and everywhere. I bought it, I'm hooked and cannot stop playing.The overall performance of the title is excellent and the graphics... you cannot help but sit back and marvel when you have big cities or your creations and running at solid frame rates.Every city builder fan should really check this out or even if you're not you never know what you might find that you enjoy!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hC00DjVAr3E"
,Recommended,255710,26301688,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,CCoasty,"Best city builder ever. Just wish they would hurry up with the disasters dlc .. If you haven't tried this game, and you really love creating beautiful cities, facing the challenges of city management and transport services, you really should just buy it already! 10/10."
76561198177506378,Recommended,255710,23935163,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,brownmichael,"SimCity on roids. Addicting, intuitive, fun and entertaining/challenging. Everything in video is part of gameplay.There are only a few small things I wish developers would change, but otherwise it is great for those that grew up with simcity series, and are now looking to advance… and for any management/tycoon game looking for a different pace"
,Recommended,255710,19910697,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ra,The authentic SC4 successor after 10+ legendary years. Just if SC4 had a steam workshop (and won't CTD)!
,Recommended,255710,17086209,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Spoopy Spooples,"While my city is a cluster ♥♥♥♥ as what you may find in modern day China, it has no rating of happiness and people are still happy to live in my town, meanwhile gaining profit from whatever is in my city.I thought my town would be bankrupted by now/10"
,Recommended,255710,30683162,Posted: 23 March,all,Vivisector,Cities Skylines does an excellent job filling in the game that Sim City 2013 left. The potential city size is massive and the districts system allows you to specialize parts of your city- or just customize their appearance with the theme manager. With each piece of major DLC every user gets a bit of free content so even if you can only afford the base game you aren't bummed out by new content releases. Really if you love city-builders there's no reason not to pick up Cities Skylines.
,Recommended,255710,30974645,Posted: 6 April,all,DrYitz,My highway system looked like tangled spaghetti. Traffic was backed up for miles.10/10 would cause a huge traffic jam again.
,Recommended,255710,16985577,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Sofia the Best Guildmarm,start a city.make some awesome city layout.100.000 population + super rich from tax.demolish everything.make new city layout.100/10 best city builder
,Recommended,255710,15559724,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Taranis,"This is Simcity done right. Excellent -single-player- gameplay, running with no perfomance issues on -huge- maps, excellent agent simulation, plenty of options out of the box, and last, but not least a very active modding community.It's also good looking and sounds nice. EA should take a hint. 5/5"
76561198157002888,Recommended,255710,23381402,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,gq,"Nice game, now I just wish in real city, buildings and roads can finish construction in three seconds....."
76561198071886424,Recommended,255710,25275923,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,reliantenthusiast0807,Traffic report on the 9's showing intercity traffic at a moderate pace. Meanwhile there is a traffic jam on route 89 backed up all the way to the next city. You might want to steer clear of that. Or get our mayor to revise our road network because he built it when he just installed the game.Stupid mayor.
76561198006718056,Recommended,255710,14838456,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,GMG123,This makes Sim City 5 look like complete trash.
,Recommended,255710,32144020,Posted: 2 June,all,MEDTOWIN,Awsome game prices have incresed recently but still worth it .................
,Recommended,255710,30323652,Posted: 4 March,all,yoshisdream,"The game that every single PC gamer should own before calling themself PC gamers, alongside Half Life 2 and few other games.This game literally lets you build your own dream city, try to recreate actual city, or actually whatever you want. I see why this game might not be good choice for players who are looking for challenge, but for creative persons like me, game is absolutely masterpiece. Ability to play custom maps and create your map is also really good, consider that these tools on other Paradox Interactive games are limited.Graphics are really, really good. They might not look that good at day light compared to newer Sim City games, but game is absolutely stunning on night and rain. Especially at highest depth of field setting.Really glad to also see Paradox didn't ruin this game with their crappy DLC policy. Even though I'm long time Paradox Interactive supporter, I always hated their DLC spam, however for this game it's balanced. I can finally enjoy the Paradox game without DLC! Bonus from this game being mainly produced by finns and swedes (as finn myself, it's huge thing).Overall, this game should be on your Steam library. If it isn't, you should buy it."
,Recommended,255710,14827548,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,TobiasQueenMary,makes me so happy I didn't buy SimCIty 5
76561197973523763,Recommended,255710,33836070,Posted: 27 July,all,schmandweg,"this game is more like a traffic/infrastructur simulator than a city building game. this may be the reason why i played it for 1500 hours. (i do not dare to mention this in RL ;)).it is not hard to have a balanced budget, it is not hard to keep your people happy, there are no elections, etc. consider this game much more technical. that is what i love about this game. with all the mods and possibilities, this is a game for people who like logistics, who like networks, who like model railways, who like love for details. graphics are just stunning, but only if you use the right mods and a high end computer.it is hard to build fluent infrastructural network. the game has a built in mechanism, which makes cars stuck in traffic jams for too long just disappear. i do not understand why, because if you turn this ""feature"" off by mod, this game gets really interessting. it is possible to create fluent networks without cars disappearing, you just have to do a good job.so, the vanilla version is above-average, but the modding compatibility combined with the community makes this game just incredible. this should be used as an example for all other game developers. like this, you keep a game alive for years."
,Recommended,255710,27640984,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ntfd,"This here is hands down the best city simulator on the market right now.Cities: Skylines takes the SimCity formula, builds upon it and then expands it even more, based upon Colossal Order's (the gamedevs) previous game development experience. If SimCity 2013 was too small for you and your people not having a permanent workplace and a home annoyed you immensely, then Cities: Skylines is what you need.Of course, some things that many people enjoyed in SimCity 2013, like modular buildings, are not present in this one, but this is only true for the out-of-the-box game. The wonderful thing about this game is that you have an enormously creative community that publishes a huge amount of mods that range from simple ""quality of life"" fixes to new game mechanics and total revamps. The game provides easy-to-use mod tools that allow you to stop relying on someone to make this thing you always wanted for you and try to create it yourself.All in all, this is is a great game that motivates you to learn new things (like real-world city and road design) and rewards you with stunning views of the masterpiece that you have built - only to encourage you to start a new city that would be even better and creative than the previous one.I have played this game for more than 100 hours and I definitely look forward to playing it more when the new Natural Disasters DLC comes out."
,Recommended,255710,18849274,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,†<ȻȻ><SᴋʏᴇRᴀɴɢᴇʀ,"Cities: Skylines ReviewIntroductionCities: Skylines is an utterly fantastic game. Paradox to this day has still never failed to deliver a great game. C:S as I will be calling it in this review is by far the greatest city-builder in it's genre. The realism of the game's details is striking and the way you handle your city's economics is not hard at all. Some people (like myself) will compare this to SimCity: Cities of Tomorrow, and at this point it's safe to assume the C:S has blown it out of the water. I'll put it here in bold:C:S is the better buy over SimCity: Cities of Tomorrow. The last EA game that I consider any good at all, was SimCity 4: Deluxe Edition. I've never throughoughly enjoyed a game that was produced by EA after that.Now C:S; yes, there are DLC's. Yes, they are paid for; but here's the beef on that. The base game is so good that the DLC's are out there to futher customize your city. And not cosmetically (essentially), I'm talking like, take for instance Match Day (which is the only free one at this point), it adds a Soccer stadium to the game. Yes it costs alot, yes it looks cool, and yes it actually does something. Your city must be able to handle the traffic flow of people coming in to see games in the stadium. The game events will cause massive influxes of money, but you have to be able to handle it. Point is, the DLC's in this game are useful (except maybe Snowfall, which has a heck a'lot of snow).General GameplayThe eccentricity of C:S compared to other games is incredible. Here I will discuss how and why it is. C:S offers many, many game mechanics that were never seen in previous city builders. One blatent example is the Steam Workshop. C:S has the ability for the community to create new content for the game and upload it so that others can incorporate it into their cities as well. Yes, SimCity 4 had assets (and dependencies, ahhhhhhhh dependencies), but you had to go through all the generic troubles of installing through directories and have the right dependencies (AHHHH). In C:S you check a box. Boom.C:S in-game mechanics include real-time water. I love this feature. I think it's one of the best mechnics in the game. SimCity 4 has water, but it doesnt...really....move. C:S does, and it moves! If you build a dam for hydroelectric energy, you better make sure that it was placed properly because (coming from personal experience) if you don't, and the water level behind the dam surges up and over the river banks and into your city and suddenly you lose half the populous of your city and then there's like no money, and a crap city, then oh well, you done did bad. That is what makes C:S so good. Your decisions make a direct impact on your society (not to say that you can direclty place this kind of house on this kind of zone (and correction, that is possible through assets in the Steam Workshop)).I don't think it's possible to right a review on this type of game without saying that there is quite a bit of a learning curve. C:S has a pretty big learning curve. Each city starts out with 2 highway connections. 1 incoming, and 1 outgoing. The way to plan this first part of your city will be your money maker. If you plan it badly, then your traffic will cause you some headache when you go to fix it and the placement of certain buildings like medical facilites and schools will make you lose money when you discover that they were placed in an area that won't let you upgrade a road, or something of that nature.Keeping on with the learning curve and moving into traffic. Traffic is another animal in this game. Yes, you have to worry about the flow of traffic in your city, becuase if your incoming traffic is being clogged up with trucks and what not becuase they are making this crazy turn in an intersection, it's safe to assume that you can change that into something more useful. The flow of traffic in your city needs to be carefully managed. Traffic is money. Outgoing goods from your industry earns your city money. So does incoming goods to commercial zones. You need to have an efficient route through your city if just passing through and so forth. C:S has spent a good amount of time developing this system and I have to admit, I'm still a little flumouxed on getting certain parts of my city to flow like they should.Last section in mechanics I want to talk about. Land Value. Ever since release, Paradox has added some amazing and cool looking things into the game. Canals for instance (yes, there are canals, and quays (keys), and other environmental tools) will provide a serious land value bonus to an area. The more desireable the city, the more people come, and the more people come, the more money you make. It's a very pleasing sight to see all that green in an area after you plop down a canal and the water is in there (not overflowing into your city as I have had before). The enviornmental set itself is a very intersting tab. Say you are designing a city not for the heck of playing the game, but because you want to design the most cool looking city you can (and you can, with the infinate money mode (screw the citizens!)), take ""Strictoaster"" on YouTube for example. He is a urban designer, that not only does it as his job, but in games such as C:S (his favorite) and Planet Coaster. His work is phenominal. It's a real testiment to the powerful game that C:S is.VisualsC:S is incredibly detailed. If you were to zoom in all the way onto a road, you could see the minute rocks and pieces of stuff that goes into making a road, IN THE ROAD. When it rains, there is flowing water on the sidewalks, and roads. Citizens will pull out their umbrellas and hats (some are caught off-guard and pull out a newspaper over the head). Not to mention the nighttime graphics. I think the best time a city is in the full screenshotting glory (unless you have a beefy computer (That is, better than this one I have)), is at night. The towering lights of skyscrapers, orange glows of the avenue street lights, and the sky-shining lights of suspension bridges over heavy waters. All of that is just incredibly well designed.I will have to throw this in there. C:S does require a bit of a good computer to get the game looking good. Playing it on a 1.4GHz i5 with integrated intel HD 5000 graphics doesn't do much for you (saying that from experience after looking at longer loading times, trees that look like pieces of plastic, and distance rendering that looks like blobs of paint on a box). I would suggest you actually read the system requirements to get the game running.""Re-use"" and Game LengthC:S is a city builder. The sheer amount of time you spend refining your city is enough to keep me realing on one map for weeks. C:S has an infinate amount of hours in it. Theoretically, as long as you don't get bored of it. As soon as you've spent that 3 month period on a city, and you have that feeling that you've done your best and it's done, you can simply start up a new one. On a new map. Or a community created one.Review OutlookMechanics: 8/10Visuals: 9/10Gameplay: 8/10Quality over SC:CoT: 10/10Overall: 9/10**Thanks for reading that, that's the longest review I've ever published. :P"
,Recommended,255710,31492975,Posted: 1 May,all,Dantje Kardana Natakusumah,Proceed to dig a hole near my city. Suddenly a lake erupts. Flooding my whole city. 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,255710,14937349,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Thargelion,"This game is just fantastic in every aspect. You can just go ahead and buy it or you can read my experience with Cities: Skylines first if that is your fancy.Game is all around pretty great, satisfactory, balanced and it has a relaxed atmosphere. In this game there is no arsonists or disproportionate crime rate (I am looking at you SimCity!), everything is balanced maybe aside from everyone starting to die at the same time. You can just focus on building a very well designed city while keeping an eye on what your citizens need. Game itself is also constantly updated for balance or various fixes, and they release expansions in a true Paradox fashion by not making you feel like you have to buy it to access every feature on that DLC as they give you most substantial game mechanic updates for free with a patch, but of course for other optional features on that DLC, you are going to need to buy it.Now I will list some aspects of the game that I am enjoying the most;-Your space limitation basically depends on your hardware. For example, game allows you to have 9 tiles which are 2 square kilometers each and even a single tile is pretty big but if you so desire you can go beyond 9 tiles by using a mod to have all 25 tiles , however, if you do not own a powerful machine you will probably not be able to handle all 25 tiles that are filled with people and things.-Traffic. It is plain fun and pretty satisfactory to solve or at least alleviate traffic jams. I've been more focused on solving these problems than to collect garbage, dead people etc. Mainly because of that feeling of satisfaction after solving a traffic jam and seeing that intersection or interchange flowing... it fills me with pure joy just watching them. As I am writing this review I also am watching an interchange that has been flowing thanks to my awesome mayoring skills.-Mods and modding community. Since Colossal Order is not a huge company, naturally they could not fit every little detail they may have wanted to put in the game because they had to focus on more core elements of the game and this is where our lovely modding community comes in. You want limitless money? Sure. What about everything unlocked from the start? You got it! There are also hundreds of assets, maps and game mechanics in the Workshop. Basically, if you want something in the game that had not been put in by the devs themselves it probably exists in the Workshop or you can just make it yourself since asset editor is pretty easy to use as long as you are not planning to make something from ground up, because then you'd need some experience with that kind of stuff.-Colossal Order had said they will be going forward with Paradox model in terms of dlc. So basically, when they are going to put out a DLC, they will give some key features of that DLC for free like Paradox has been doing for their games (CK2, EU4). This is a huge plus in my book. And it also means that they are going to support this game for a very long time and they will not just release a new game every few years.-Paradox Interactive. These guys are the publisher of the game and unlike EA or Ubishit, they are not going suck us dry. I've been enjoying their games for almost a decade now and they have never disappointed me.-Public transport. You can set up your very own subway, bus and regular train stops that are actually helping with the traffic instead of clogging it (I'm looking at you SimCity!). You can set up as many routes as you'd like if you are into that kind of stuff.-Policies and districts. You can set districts. This allows you to create a specialized industry and/or to implement some interesting policies like only high tech buildings, heavy traffic ban, raise taxes for only that specific distirct etc... You can implement policies for the whole region too.- You can flood your city with poop water and watch those miserable scumbags suffer. I sometimes do that to a region just for fun. If I hear someone complaining about garbage not being collected I just plop a landfill on top of that whiny wimp's house. It fills me with joy, try it out.Warnings: If you like the genre I can assure you that you are going to be addicted to this game so beware. It can bring out the dictator in you. Your mind will see things differently when you are outside. For example; yestarday I took the bus for going back home and there was a serious traffic jam. I got up from my seat and started to analyse the road network around me to figure out what the problem is and how to solve it. I am a translator but after having played this game I'm thinking of picking up civil engineering it seems fun however in real life you can't just bulldoze something that is in your way which is unfortunate.To sum up, It is a fantastic game all around. If you like the genre and/or disappointed by latest SimCity and Cities XXL, I recommend picking this game up you'll love it. Price tag is also great. Considering they sold ShitCity for 60 dollars... I am pretty sure that I'm forgetting couple of things but alas, I have to go back and bulldoze houses of some whiny asshats.Anyways, thanks if you took the time to read my rather lenghty review. Also, Colossal Order, if you are reading this, THANK YOU!I give this game 1 GabeN (PRAISE HIM!) BUY THIS GAME IN THE NAME OF OUR HOLY SAVIOUR LORD GabeN!"
,Recommended,255710,15097425,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Rahlekk,"Sean for mayor 2016, put Scott out of office."
,Recommended,255710,21356601,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Callie,This game is great! I miss my dad. :(
76561198105350870,Not Recommended,255710,29722379,Posted: 5 February,all,TB,"A city painter that was fun for a while (my play time is in the context of me having the game for two years, trying various mods to improve the simulation and hoping for gameplay-enhancing expansions that never happened).Unfortunately for me, this game is intended for casual and stress-free gaming only.Not recommended if you are after simulation, challenge and replayability in city builders. This game is full of meaningless, unfinished gameplay mechanics.A missed opportunity."
,Recommended,255710,28093069,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,djnapoleon,This is hands down the best city builder to date.
,Recommended,255710,14826551,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Randy Boebandy,"I'm going to say it. The best city building game in 10 years. Playing while typing this, the game is very rewarding and addicting. I expect an excellent modding community to build up. Highly recommended for any city building fan, or any building fan in general. The icing on the cake is that this game is only $30.Buy it."
76561198031986946,Recommended,255710,34875584,Posted: 10 September,all,carmonlm82,"Recommend buying: C.Skylines+After Dark+Natural Disasters DLC. = Good Base GameI do find myself turning off the night mode occassionally since it's harder to see at night, but looks cool also at the same time.  Haven't turned off Disasters yet, but you have the option to.Was debating to purchase or not after reading the reviews about the DLC practices.  Recommend buying it.The cost of the game plus the 2 DLC you should get cost around $60 total.  (if you can get them on sale even better) That is the price of any main stream game out there, (if not more) and this one is good enough to be considered A rated game.With that you get a pretty good base game.  I decided to not buy the any of the other DLC at this time, but may in the future.I can't speak for the other DLC or whether they are worth it, but I think what I recommended earlier is a good buy.  (even at full price)There aren't too many good City Sims (if any) out there, so if you like that type of game, I'd suggest taking a chance on it.Not sure about the longevity, but it seems like the company actually sends out patches, so that's good.I see myself going back to play this casually for awhile."
,Recommended,255710,26925622,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Azedax,Nice replayability!7/10
,Recommended,255710,20180539,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dutchy,"Simcity, but better"
76561198036020066,Recommended,255710,24486700,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Jorji Costava,What can I say? This game is pure magic!
52752572875275272,Recommended,255710,28097069,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,iragut,yes
76561198086702297,Recommended,255710,28096739,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,TheOrphanSlayer,After 1000 hours and 5 gigabytes of mods this is still fun.
,Recommended,255710,14969767,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Rob,"This is a strange game. It effectivelly is just a moddable Sim City. It does not try to be anything else then Sim City. The game it's self you'll most likely find very easy if your a big Sim City player (other then dealing with traffic which is the core of large city developement) .I played it to the point where there was nothing new to build and the game became a balance of just building more. It's okay. It fills the niche that Sim City dropped the ball on, but nothing more. If your looking for a Sim City type game to get abosrbed in, sure this is a game for you, but that's it."
76561198132476688,Recommended,255710,14922379,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Alf,"Cities: Skylines is everything that Simcity was meant to be and more. With a streamlined interface, well thought out game mechanics, nice graphics and animations, and a massive map size allowing you to potentially build a huge city on, this is by far the best city building sim to date.Most importantly though the developers didn't ♥♥♥♥ up the game with features that nobody wanted, and there is no forced multiplayer or always online requirement. And you can get all this joy for about half the price of most mainstream games.Buy this game. Not just because it is great, but also because the developers deserve your support for making something that all city building fans have been asking for."
76561198182326561,Not Recommended,255710,22186621,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Krazi Borscht,"if you are a mac user don't get the game, the framerate is awfulally low."
,Recommended,255710,14830913,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Goat of Wisdom,It's a better SimCity than SimCity.
,Recommended,255710,30662937,Posted: 21 March,all,Astrophilia,GREAT city sim game.
,Recommended,255710,30513397,Posted: 14 March,all,420mm Anti-Tent Cannon,I had no idea what I was doing.But my city is better thanAleppofor sure.
76561198026913459,Recommended,255710,14884695,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,troublmaker,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jsz7aafGvhwCities: Skylines is not the perfect city management simulator.  There are so many things I want to do that I cannot do.However, it is probably the best one on the market currently as it allows you to do the most.  The game brings a lot of innovative concepts to the table that we just have to wonder why no one else thought about it first.Much like every city builder you zone areas for residential, commercial, and industrial areas.  Then people come and build them.  After you progress so far in the game you will unlock the urban zones, urban residential, urban commercial, and office zoning.Once you have a population they will have demands.  The most basic demands are electricity and water.  In order to get water you need to build the pipeline that will connect all the water to the people.  To add a degree of extra care you will also need to pump out the dirty water back into a body of water.  If your poop flows down to your water source you will be feeding people poopy water.One of the big problems with city builders is that they quickly transform into traffic simulators.... which is perfect for CO because that's what Cities in Motion was all about.  All the services you place has to be used around the city meaning they have to be able to get to places.The game comes with built in infrastructure to handle that.  Highways make for 100KPH speedways to get across the city.  Traffic circles can be used in place of four way intersections to allow for a free flow of traffic.  Turnpikes and cloverleafs can be placed down to allow people to enter and exit a highway freely.  And then you have all your standard fun tools like 1, 2 and 3 lane roads, 2, 4, and 6 lane one way streets.The game is a bit preachy on environment, but I guess you have to expect them for a Euro developer.  As you city expands you will have to buy up new plots of land which means more opportunity to pollute.The preachiness comes from an in-game simulation of Twitter.  Every now and then people will tweet to you their concerns using various viral hashtags like #healthcareFTW or #masterrace.  All environmental reforms are universally applauded, while destroying jobs is seemingly never a problem.And there's the big problem.  You can play the game 100% without building industrial spaces.  It's the same old problem with SimCity.  There is a deterrent in which you wil have to buy industrial goods for your commercial zones which means no taxes from commercial zones.  But it's 100% playable without industrial zones.That's not to say it's easy.  The start of the game has absolutely no tax revenues and you have to be able to plot out your city before your money runs dry.  After that it is several hours of being unable to afford services like fire protection and ambulances until you finally enter an urban city which is far easier to manage.The game isn't perfect, but it is the best city builder on the market.  It's cheap and given this studios track record we can expect a tonne of DLC development as well as post-launch balancing."
,Recommended,255710,27404528,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Julez_,"Wow, Cities: Skylines... Where to begin...- Firstly, this game is the game that EA's Simcity should have been, except about 1000 times better. More buildings, more options, better gameplay mechanics and generally more everything!- Secondly, The gameplay and the customisation feature of this game are truely its strong point. With thousands of Workshop items, assets and vechicles created by a community of dedicated fans that are added to your game with a simple click. This adds a whole new level to a game which no other rival city builder can truely compare to. Did I mention that these Workshop add-ons are FREE???- Thirdly, The Developers ACTUALLY CARE ABOUT THE GAME. That is one thing that EA missed on with Simcity, EA just rode the current of their popularity river that the Sim series has created and as soon as the game was released, the game was mostly left to cough, splutter and die due to its lack of new features, AI problems and repetitiveness. Simcity did see a few updates but nothing compared to the love this game has recieved from the developers.This game has problems though, it has to be said. I have experienced problems during my play time, mainly around the stability on my PC, especially seeing as I am not running your typical /r/pcmasterrace beast machine. Asides from the occational lapse of framerate, crashes can occur. In the past, I have been left with a few hours of progress wiped because of foolishly not saving my progress. Collosial Order seem to have fixed this as crashes seem to happen less frequently then it used to but I do still see a occasional drop of FPS in my game, but again, I am not running an epic PC. Thinking of it, this game is so addicting that I have had to force myself to save or enable autosave.But that's really it, a lot of pros and a few tiny cons. Cities: Skylines is a must have for gamers who like Simulation games, City Builders, Moddable games and a whole lot of mircomanaging.EDIT (25/11/'16): I highly recommend buying the game with the extra DLCs. Although it will set you back a bit more, you will be supporting future development of the game and the extra features are mostly worth it. Think of it as a virtual highfive to the devs."
76561198032600860,Recommended,255710,14829766,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Soloeus,"About time we have a good City Builder from a reputed company.After playing this for some time, here are some feedback compared to SimCity4: Deluxe.PRO:1. Game starts as expected. Build some roads, electric, water, and zones.  Bulldozing gives money back instead of costing money.You don't spend money to zone or re-zone.  You can easily lose if you screw up this part. A second failure point that can crop up at this stage is placing something now that creates a pollution hub later.2. There is a lot to manage but you start small - then as you get bigger, the more you need to manage. Progression feels good and appropriate for a game in this genre. Pacing is also smooth. The Pace is dictated by Milestones, as you reach certain goals in the game you get to purchase more land, unlock buildings and more upgrades.3.  Mods in this game are pretty good in their potential.  Anyone can make Assets or Maps.4. There is enough to simulate to entertain you but there isn't too much depth.  The level of depth feels appropriate.  Not dumbed down by any means.5. Lots of potential room for DLC, Expansions and more content WITHOUT being stripped down to nothing.  This is not a half-game awaiting the rest in microtransactions.CON: No big flaws yet.1. Some parts of the UI are primitive.  When you click to view Energy, Waste, Fire or Crime, it doesn't tell you how much money you are spending on it. So there is some juggling of one tab to the next.2. You cannot move or re-size the windows that open for you when you click buttons.3. The music could have a better presence.  It is a bit quiet and often I hear nothing but birds.4. ""Forced"" to start small and build big from scratch.  You ""can cheat"" if you like, but playing without cheats you cannot just start building a large city. Some people might dislike having the same starting situation evey single time on terms of what you can build and how you advance.Linear Progression is the rule of this Sandbox.  Fortunately, you can advance in a non-linear way.Overall:  9/10.  The only thing that could have made this game better is to have more control over the size of Zones - the ""Zones"" appear next to road types when you build roads. You don't place ""zones."" Once the road is placed and the ""Zone Spot"" appears next to the road, you may designate that as Residential, Commercial or Industial.This is the best City Builder on the market, period."
76561198371945057,Not Recommended,255710,34340090,Posted: 18 August,all,TreyR9,"Cities: Skylines is a great game, much like SimCity.BUT:-You have to have an extremely advanced PC to play it. There is no optimization whatsoever in this game.-The DLC is cool but SUPER EXPENSIVE.-The game gets dull without DLC.-There can be many things to keep tabs on, which can sometimes be good, but again, unless you have a monster PC, you cannot do this.-There are some categories that are just lacking in content.Overall, it is a great game to watch YouTube videos on, but it is not good to try for yourself."
76561197992232562,Not Recommended,255710,34377063,Posted: 20 August,all,Bremmon,DLC's are a joke you litterally have to pay more for he DLC's than you do for the original game.. Half the maps do not work withouth the dlc packs.
76561198153045246,Recommended,255710,14832298,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Beamng.mapper.Bob.Blunderton,"This doesn't just hit a home run, Cities SKYLINES bats it out of the park into orbit and to the moon Alice... and then some.9 Hours into this game and I just can't put it down.  NO LAG, NONE, ZIP, ZERO, this game runs SMOOTH (specs below).Started my first city today, messed about for 5-15 minutes getting the feel, then threw that away to start fresh now knowing what I need to do.  Having been playing 'Simcity' since the SNES version was released around 92 or so...Built roads, facilities, zoned as needed.  Plenty of options.  You purchase more map tiles as you go, they are part of your live city.  No loading/saving to access another tile.  This game is downright awesome with that expansion bit - they nailed it.  I mean NAILED IT.  This is the TRUE SUCCESSOR TO SIMCITY 4 DELUXE.  THIS IS WHAT SC2013 SHOULD HAVE BEEN.  I'll write this again so everyone can see it.THIS IS THE TRUE SUCCESSOR TO SIMCITY 4 DELUXE, THIS IS WHAT SIMCITY 2013 SHOULD HAVE BEEN.  IF YOU LOVED SIMCITY 4 AND PLAY IT TO THIS DAY, BUY THIS.  ENTIRELY WORTH IT, VERY AFFORDABLE!There was Simcity on the SNES and pc.  Then there was Simcity 2000 on DOS 6.x on the venerable amd 486 66 ...Then there was Simcity 3000... but 2000 and 3000 didn't quite capture the magic that Nintendo put into the SNES version.  For so many years I kept that SNES and Simcity... and then Simcity 4 came out... it was good, but not until Rush Hour expansion was it great.  Rush Hour combined into the Original was also marketed as the Deluxe version.  Adding in the NAM mod to Simcity 4 deluxe made the game really awesome if you were into highway design, and really could excell at traffic management.  Cities XL was buggy, and laggy... and very vague (and therefor frustrating).  Cities XXL had promise but just did not deliver beyond multicore enhancements - it was generally everything (bad with the good) that XL was... re-wrapped into a new package.  Simcity 2013 had promise, but EA's greedyness and needless DRM and small city sizes/day 1 bugs really got the game off to a bad start.  You just couldn't build to your imagination's content like you could in Simcity 4 Deluxe - beyond the initial degridding.  Simcity 2013 was like a demo, a demo of something that could have been so awesome...  but last week... last week I heard some bad news.Maxis, to us City-Building afficianados - was something quite dear - Maxis was shuttered.  The Sims (EU studio) live on, but Simcity, as we know it, was official pulled off life support and pronounced dead... and know I know why.This game.  GOD BLESS THESE DEVS, SKYLINES NAILS IT.  EVERYTHING.  5/5!!!There is SO much realism packed into this game, and many things I did not expect.Traffic management? Check!Ability to build with realism using roads/avenues/bypasses to hearts content? Check!Highways, offramps/onramps buildable?  Check!Multilevel bridge over bridge stuffs for super-snazzy interchanges?  Check! (Roundabout, cloverloaf, diamond, trumpet, freeform entirely -not just PREFABS only, if you like - your imagination and the space available is your only limit)Large expansion of the city as needed?  Check! (more with MOD support)64bit exe and NO memory leaks?  Check!GREAT graphics (for a city builder)?  Check!  [Directx 11 video card required under Windows!]Sufficient sound feedback and decent music?  Check!  (Music in non-intrusive, sound fx I have no complaints on)Good play control/movement/UI design?  Check!Mod support?  Well, not yet - but devs are promising it!Healthcare AND deathcare? EEK!  Check!Trains for passengers AND freight?  Check!Seaports for passengers AND freight?  Check!  (improves industrial demand)Airports to attract more tourists and connect you better to the outside world (and their money!!!)? Check!Ability to creat custom maps and a terrain editor (and importing greyscale heightmaps)? Check!Ability to build in sunny tropical climate, or the more northern latitudes (custom gfx, sun angle)? Check!Broad range of options to customize the game to your hardwares ability/disability?  Check!Alternative ways to solve the many problems you face, and the ability to see you have them? Check & double Check!!!Game breaking bugs?  Nope - not in over 9 hours into it... not anything I can see. No CTDs, no glitchyness, nothing.I could go on and on...  58,000+ people in the city, 6 million in the treasury and making a good income monthly.I just can't seem to want to stop playing or get bored of this... I am absolutely in shock at how good this game is.Simcity 4 Diehards, This is the game WE have been waiting for - do NOT hesitate!  NO REGRETS HERE!THIS GAME IS NOT AND IS NOT AFFILIATED WITH CITIES XL OR CITIES XXL IN ANY WAY/SHAPE/FORM, OTHER THAN IT BEING A CITY BUILDER, A GOOD ONE AT THAT, A REALLY REALLY GOOD ONE.There are only TWO reasons you should not buy this game.1.) If you cannot afford it.  The price IS very reasonable - VERY REASONABLE.2.) If you have a video card that is not capable of DirectX 11.  Do not use Intel video, it's glitchy.That said, those on Intel-based laptops, you need to force this game to use the dedicated AMD or NVIDIA gpu, otherwise it will be slow and glitchy defaulting to the laptop's Intel gfx.  You can do this from inside AMD Catylist, or Nvidia Control Panel.  You can find these solutions in the discussion forums here on Steam.  INTEL GFX IS NOT SUPPORTED.As stated above, hardware specs are here:i7 4790k @ 4.6ghz on Asus Maximus Hero VII Z97 Chipset motherboard16gb 2400mhz ram (8gb x2) corsair dominatorAsus Radeon 7850 2gb gddr5 [1ghz core] video card with Direct CU II cooling (the don't-ever-hear-it cooler)Dual Toshiba SSD drives in Raid 0 for OS & Games, for quick loading (almost zero load times. maybe a second or two)Soundblaster X-fi Titanium pro soundcardFractal Arc XL case with Seasonic 750 watt PSU, and Phanteks somethin'-14 red coolerI listed everything in the event someone wants to dupe the whole hardware config, game runs AWESOME.  NO LAG on HIGH settings.Seriously, get this game now.  You'll be glad you did.   The devs really got this one right.  Finally, A SIMCITY 4 REPLACEMENT!If you're a small kid with no money, do some extra chores for money!  Paint the dog, wash the lawn, mow the hedges, trim the carpet, vacuum the dishes, sweep the walls, scrub the garden, tiedye your white kittycat, ANYTHING to make money to buy this game (actually forget the bit with the cat, that might get you grounded, or worse, clawed and grounded).Can't wait to see what the NAM team does with this one :)--Cheers guys and good luck!  ... now if I can just kill that annoying little blue bird...***Laptop users DON'T forget if you have intel GFX to make sure this game uses the AMD or NVIDIA GPU!  Desktop users should be just dandy as this issue won't happen.  AGAIN, INTEL GFX IS NOT SUPPORTED AT THIS TIME/POSSIBLY EVER."
,Recommended,255710,14839199,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Tim,If you like sim city then buy this game.
,Recommended,255710,30196194,Posted: 26 February,all,|BENEDIKTATOR™,"Cities: Skylines is an Awesome Game and a ""MUST"" for every City-Building-Champion!"
76561198001580655,Recommended,255710,23412011,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Komadin,I played this for possible hundreds of hours offline... This is an amazing game if you enjoy city building/managing.I liked it WAY better than the current Sim City...
,Recommended,255710,20349111,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Rekawaiiable,"I was so bored of my 90k+ town I decided to try and power it with dam power....Probably the worst choice I've ever made, I put so many down one after another.>sends huge waves towards the town>has music modhttps://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=422934383>dramatic music>POPULATION STARTS DRASTICALLY GOING DOWN IN THOUSANDS>kills the whole town in under 30 seconds11/10 would do again"
,Recommended,255710,14833242,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,-=PR=-_Miller,"Speechless. They listened to us and gave us everything we wanted. Also I have never seen a game where nothing disapears, like cars and people. Every person is accounted for, every car, even dog. Someone drives to the store, then dont just drive into the builder and the car vanishes, nooooo, they acctually park in a parking spot or on the road and walk. SUCH LITTLE DETAIL brings the GAME TO LIFE!!!!"
76561198131012546,Recommended,255710,20458192,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,larryh00ver,"great and not so great at the same time. vanilla game is pretty lacking, DLC overpriced for the content (after dark is borderline), steam workshop really gives it the ""umph"" it needs, very large mod community that does great work. very CPU intensive though the higher your population goes, especially with mods aswell. Vanilla traffic AI is extremely sad, 90% of your population will funnel into the same lane, regardless how many are free and what traffic rules are in place. definitely managable you can force traffic to flow a certain way and it works still, sort of. Mods do answer this, but it adds to the intensive CPU usage.  good builder lots of fun still although does get boring after a bit, the only real challenge after you learn whats going on is battling the awful AI :P,  definitely wait for a sale though or just grab the vanilla game + after dark. the other paid DLCs, youre just paying for weather effects, which is not worth any more than 5$ each imho."
,Recommended,255710,14949347,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Stranger in the night.,"It's been a long time since a really good City Builder has been on the market so every time there is a whisper of a new one being developed, fans of the genre like myself become eager with anticipation. Unfortunately, we have been left wanting for nearly a decade. Yes, it's been that long since a really decent sim has been released. Upon learning that one of my favorite publishers, Paradox Interactive, had a City Building simulation in the works I knew this was a game I could not wait to get my hands on. Paradox Interactive is known for being a leader in challenging and entertaining strategic games so I felt if anybody could do it right, they could. Having been able to test the game for almost a full week before its official release I can say that my trust was not misplaced. Cities Skylines is everything I hoped it would be. This is city building done right.I have played most every City Building game ever made and consider myself somewhat of an expert in the genre. Perhaps I am over-critical at times when it comes to my favorite gaming genre but it comes from the desire to find the Holy Grail in city sims. I can honestly say, Cities Skylines is far and above, the best city building simulation ever made. Period. Colossal Order has come up with a recipe that ingenuously combines just the right amount of simplistic game design with a flavorful amount of challenging gameplay to create a masterpiece. Fans of City Building simulations will definitely not want to miss grabbing this game.There is a very realistic feel to this game. It's not just about throwing out color-coded building zones, but more about true city management. Do things right and your populus will be greatful and steadily grow. Do things poorly and your city will clear out faster than a zombie apocalypse could make it happen. Numerous tools are at your disposal as expected with an interesting dynamic that truly brings the realism into the game. Cities can be carved up into different districts and each district can have its own set of policies and characteristics. Players even choose the names. But it doesn't just stop there. Players can give custom names to just about everything in the game including its citizens.Transportation and pollution will be key challenges as with any game of this type. Having experience with previous endeavors like the Cities in Motion series, Colossal Order has easily found a way to challenge players along these lines. Cars and trains, ships and planes. Cities Skylines has it all. The water simulation is spectacular as well. Placing your sewage disposal upstream, for example, could result in contaminating your citizens' water supply. Realistic flooding is another possible scenario. The maps included are gigantic and beautifully designed terrains that offer endless possibilites when planning your city and continued population growth unlocks the ability to expand to adjacent tiles on the map as well as making more buildings and options available (such as taking out loans). These options are tied in with overall success and not just simply from having enough funds available, a feature which definitely enhances the experience.I could go on and on about all of the things I admire about this game. The graphics are solid but not overly done which allows for most systems to be able to run this game smoothly. The UI is easy to use and understand. The ""Chirper"" social media feature is a clever modern touch that keeps mayors abreast of public opinion and concerns. And, perhaps one of this game's best features is the inclusion of asset and map editting tools to allow the Steam Community to heavily mod this game in order to continue its growth and stability in the future while adding tons of extra content and replay value.In fact, about the only area I found lacking in this game is not having a variety of random events such as natural disasters. I cannot say with certainty why the developers chose not to include them and perhaps they will be added later as DLC since most Paradox Interactive games are known to offer quality additional content long after initial releases. The modding community could possibly offer them as well, since I predict the Steam Workshop will quickly fill up with a large variety of added content. Fires, floods, pollution, infrastructure and transportation issues are still more than enough to keep players challenged and fully engaged though, so overall its not really a major concern.The Good:+ Solid graphics and rich detail.+ Realistic simulation elements.+ Challenging gameplay with various difficulty settings.+ Variety of buildings.+ Many customization options.+ Easy-to-use UI.+ Extremely high replay value.+ Mod-friendly with editting tools included.+ Steam Trading Cards & Achievements.+ Pleasant audio/background music.The Bad:+ Lack of random events/natural disasters.+ Graphics could be more life-like.+ Terrain cannot be changed during actual gameplay.Final Thoughts:Cities Skylines is the best City Building simulation developed in a long time and quite possibly the best ever. Expect this game to continue to grow in popularity and become the new industry standard for games of this type. An amazing game with well-designed features integrated into it for such a small development team and a limited budget. Its definitely worth the price and I highly recommend this game to all fans of simulated strategy/cty building games."
,Not Recommended,255710,32672258,Posted: 23 June,all,Jemburosu,dont raise your price please paradox!need money? just play safe
,Recommended,255710,24534556,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Walang Ina Mo,Recomended Game
76561198116387695,Recommended,255710,14825488,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,BarryStrange,"No more watching Twitch or Youtube Video's Now I get to play, was worth the wait! not dissapointed at allTwo thumbs upnow just buy the game and enjoy."
76561197993531133,Recommended,255710,31128705,Posted: 13 April,all,jamer,The best city builder since the dawn of city builders.
76561198036390168,Not Recommended,255710,34355769,Posted: 19 August,all,Putzo,It's like total war warhammer. They added a new tree to the game so they want to charge you extra for it. I need to take out a loan to buy all this dlc.
76561198069334877,Recommended,255710,18956249,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,BrotherAdso,"Far and away the best large-scale citybuilding game around.  Beautiful, unique graphical take on the genre, cute individual citizens and their lives, appropriate level of difficulty.  Small indie studio, super-responsive to fan desires and ethical about development.  Buy, buy, buy."
,Recommended,255710,33787944,Posted: 25 July,all,Kar-mono,Repetitive. Only recommend for those with creativity.
,Recommended,255710,14836597,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,muymra,Pros:+ It is everything SimCity 2013 was supposed to be+ Actually works on release day+ Mods on the workshop+ Runs smoothlyCons:- Lacking in road building guides like in SimCity 2013- Circular road tool would have been nice- Option to change roads to one-way and vice versa without demolishing and rebuilding- Unwieldy bus route management
,Recommended,255710,14827481,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,[GWJ] WizKid,"An okay game, it might be better if it had forced multiplayer and an always online requeriment...Gah, I'm not fooling anyone.This is the game that Sim city shoudl have been, stop reading this review and buy it NOW!!!!"
,Not Recommended,255710,32577086,Posted: 19 June,all,visher,Guess i'm not buying any more of Paradox's products ever.
,Recommended,255710,19041086,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Zeto,Just Beautiful. This is what that new sim city game should have been. Almost perfect in every way.
,Recommended,255710,14955063,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,"Me, Myself, and I","It's Sim City, but better."
,Recommended,255710,20263244,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Miles,"The ultimate city builder to ever be developed! Even better, it's from the guys that made the Cities in Motion series, which I loved oh so much. SimCity, when compared to this game, is basically that grey mush you find on the side of the road when it snows."
,Recommended,255710,30531125,Posted: 15 March,all,bird,"rebuild prosperous cities like detroit or chicago in this amazing sim-city like game, experience mass waves of crime and violence because there isn't enough welfare money being handed out, put up a ban for all crosses in christian churches and then flood the whole city full of sewage and drown every single last one o f them"
,Recommended,255710,14911024,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,mane,More addicting than cocaine...
76561198074892963,Not Recommended,255710,33127723,Posted: 2 July,all,leo.hoxha,"This game WAS great untill the mass transit update, now there is glitches and bugs all of the time which paradox have still not fixed, why release another DLC if its full of bugs?"
76561197998263532,Not Recommended,255710,21436310,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Greek God Rhodes,"I bought the game when it first came out and had fun setting up my cities. My main compliant, is that the AI is dumb and there are to many traffic jams where there shouldnt be any. No matter what you do, it's really hard to fix traffic issues. I also think the DLC is a fu<king joke. Those are things that should be free with an update, no something we should have to pay for. I mean really $15 for night time and $15 for snow??? Those things should be included for FREE, I hate that companies just release stuff like that for more money. If people would stand firm and no buy stuff that should be free, the company would be forced to include it in a update for free. I think the game could be really good, but feel like you're limited in certain areas that you shouldn't be... I don't really think the game will change directions though, so you have to like it for what it is..."
,Not Recommended,255710,33120997,Posted: 2 July,all,ouro_boros_13,"I think that Cities: Skylines itself only lays the foundation for the fun that game can be. Without any mods, assets, maps, ..., basically the steam-workshop, this game would be quite crappy.I also think that the DLC's are overpriced."
,Recommended,255710,14824535,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,DarkLord7854,Fantastic game
,Recommended,255710,34030359,Posted: 4 August,all,SulthanGA48,no.1 city simulator game for me
,Recommended,255710,19539805,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,WAWSH scoliono,"I hadn't really been interested in city builders until I found this game. I wouldn't call myself a geeky player quite yet, but I'm addicted. It's better than SimCity in about every way.I decided to deliberately♥♥♥♥♥♥off commuters by putting a one-lane dirt road on both sides of my four-lane bridge.10/10, would Chris Christie again."
76561198026498630,Not Recommended,255710,32115887,Posted: 1 June,all,MightyCustard™,"this game has the potential to be amazing, but it falls down in one simple area, traffic. your city is constantly swamped with traffic that will grind motorways to a halt as they all come to one point and inexplicably change lanes by stopping and cutting across multiple lanes to get to another lane instead of doing what traffic really does, smoothly change lanes well ahead of time to make an exit. this has the knock on effect of jamming traffic all the way back to urban areas. it's pathetic and frustrating, just turn down the number of damn cars and make them behave logically..."
76561198062488106,Not Recommended,255710,26521220,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,juginst,"As it was said before, this is not an economical simulator. This is just a 'city painter' without any thought behind the game play or any challenge. I really tried to make thing better and installed a bunch of mods supposed to make the game harder or more realistic but in the end it does not help.  You just sit and paint new blocks. That is it. I would recommend to play Sim City 4 with NAM mod instead."
,Not Recommended,255710,19311232,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Unconquered,"This game is good as a City builder sandbox. But will fail to captivate Simcity 4 fans. Why?Because he management part is simple! There is no real challenge to the game thanks to a progression system and the inability to experiment.All these flaws rears it's head 5 hours into the game.Visual and performance-wise it's fine, nothing to really complain about, the workshop would solve the generic art direction. There are few good ideas here and there,  like how far a service can be reached is shown by street instead of the usual circle. There are some other good ideas which seem incomplete or not having a prominent, noticable effect - e.g.: Day and Night budgets.But the game focuses on macro-management rather than micromanagement.Pro: it's less overwhelming for those looking for a sandbox experience.Con : it's too limited for challenges in maintaining a city.Examples would be how taxation is done, how zones are handled, how structures are available.  All of these have a formula to them, without anything disrupting the formula. The game overall becomes a formula.  No Natural disasters. Fires are harmless and only burns down the building without spreading.The problem solving? Formula!Decision has a consequence, consequence has a solution, 99% it ends there No rinse repeat. Therefore the game just doesn't throw challenges.The progression system is the big deal breaker here. It allows you to play safe without experimentation. In order to get buildings you need to cross a certain amount of population. In my first city I happened to unlock buildings conveniently as I could afford them and sustain them. For some reason it's easy to  earn more money than you spend.There is alot of bad UI decisions, one notable one - the annoying twitter bird, that sits inconvieniently on top-center of the screen. The game is also missing a way to control day and night cycle, however I realized that that would break the game budget mechanic (which allows you to set budget for services based on time - Again a good idea which is very underdeveloped).It's here when the mirror begins to crack. The games popularity and critical acclaim comes from all the anger and spite towards EA's Simcity 5, which I though was such an awful game that people consider mediocre titles like ""Cities Skylines"" as the resurrection of the city building genre which we've been desiring since Cities XL. Yes, that game we would be playing if it wasn't for the crappy engine.Bottom-line, C:S is good as a sandbox for your young one or casual relaxing city building experience. It's bench-marked with SImcity 5, a game which can make a - square drawn in MS paint and exported as a jpeg then renamed to a .exe - look better.Planning takes a backseat here, sadly that part was never advertised. Because this was always advertised as ""A deserved sequel to Simcity 4"". This game seems unfinished and the gameplay is very underdeveloped."
,Recommended,255710,28539971,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Clay,"You can stalk your own citizens! I followed a guy named Mark (I forgot his last name). I was for sure Mark was a terrorist. He looked like a terrorist, smelled like a terrorist, and even talked like a terrorist, or so I imagined. He had just gotten off of his boat as a tourist.All his other tourist friends took the subway, but not Mark. Mark took his car... Fishy right? I followed him in his green van. I knew something was up. Who drives a green van? Mark does. He got onto my freeway and this is where I knew it would go down. Traffic was backed up for miles. What did Mark do? He waited, just sat there. His plan was failing, and I knew it. All of the sudden he merged into the left lane. Oh no! His plan was back into action.He later turned into my industrial area. Well played Mark, you though I would be stupid enough to think you worked in industry. Well guess what MARK! I know you were a tourist! You don't work in MY city! He couldn't shake me, and he knew it.He continued on with his plans to terrorize my city! There he drove back onto the freeway. Trying to cover his tracks I see... He merged left. Then left again. He turned... right into my tourist area. How suspicious I thought. He only wanted me to think that he was a tourist in my city. I wouldn't fall for it. He parked his green van on the right side of my road, only this road was no parking! Mark had slipped up. I knew he was up to something as he got out and went to go ""sight see."" I would NOT fall for that Mark. Not this time.Hours passed, days it seemed, and yet he was still sight seeing in my tourist district. I had to think of something before he carried on with his plan. It was too late. Mark got back into his car... I knew this would be it as he turned on his blinker politely and merged back onto my freeway. He was going to blow up my bridge... I saw it in his eyes, eyes that deceived everyone. Those crystal blue eyes hid a dark secret that I had yet to find out.The sweat ran down my face as Mark crossed my bridge. It was safe. But he was heading back to the tourist ships, there he would surely make his move. He didn't... He left my city. Until we meet again Mark. I'm onto you.9/11 ......Mark"
,Recommended,255710,30385777,Posted: 7 March,all,めぐみぃ,very fun to play.
,Recommended,255710,29792517,Posted: 8 February,all,Gulfstream G280,builds a huge city with more than a hundred addons to make it realistic~log ins one afternoon to check brilliant progresserror pop up message announces that the map has crashed and cannot reload citygg rip 2016 :/
76561198138090022,Recommended,255710,28331900,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Dryrazor,"I got this game on a sale but overall This game is a ""AWSOME!"" 10/10 have to buy!*stunning graphics**thriving workshop**City manager**watch your city come in your hands*"
,Recommended,255710,20493216,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,dotwaffle,"Years of playing city builder games made me wish for a lot more -- and I thought I found that in OpenTTD. However, it's then lacking the ""building a city"" part of the game that was also fun.This is the first game that truly has me wanting to start a new city often to try out new ideas, to incorporate ideas I've seen others try out, and to incorporate a mod system so well that it's almost effortless to maintain.This is not a perfect game by any means, but it's head and shoulders above any similar game on the market right now.I can't recommend you try this enough!"
,Recommended,255710,26436399,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dreppsid,"I love it , the graphics are amazing couldn't not like it."
76561198001656330,Recommended,255710,17992744,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Niklaos,By far the best city builder to come out in the last few years. And absolute must have if you enjoyed Sim City 4.
76561198006765810,Recommended,255710,15263114,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,MrPink,"I have built a dam that was supposed to produce electricity - instead it flooded my whole city. Epic fail.This game is incredibly well made and, most importantly, was released in finished state with minimum of bugs, which is something that is rather rare recently. It is the return of old SimCity in its former glory, ie before EA ruined the franchise with their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.10/10"
,Recommended,255710,25886051,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Thuleguy,"My European heritage has by birthright made me an ill prepared city constructionist. Don't by this game if you're European, your cities will collapse underneath the immense lack of infrastructural capacity. You have been warned."
,Recommended,255710,28666605,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,x i hitmarker,i build a dam i build a city around the dam. then i destroy the dam and everyone dies
76561197998902443,Recommended,255710,30458195,Posted: 11 March,all,danielk,"Best city builder ever, particularly for those who also enjoy traffic management games. This game simulates everything all the way down to single citizens! For example, how well a particular junction design works is not hard-coded (indeed, you can and should draw your own interchanges), but emerges from the simulation of all the moving parts. Check out highway engineering designs on Wikipedia and build them in the game -- it works and is great fun!The modding capabilities as well as the available mods are absolutely great. I have about 20 mods installed and wouldn't want to miss one of them. In particular, Network Extension Project and Traffic Manager President Edition are must-haves.The game is regularly updated in parallel with new DLC releases, which generally add nice features and fun new stuff to play with. The Natural Disasters DLC in particular turned out to be much better than I expected: Whereas in classic SimCity games disasters were something you only turned to when fed up with the game, Cities: Skylines actually gives you the means to respond to disasters constructively, making it an integral part of the gameplay.Some notes on system requirements: The game runs well on both Linux and Windows, with about the same hardware requirements on either. I mainly play on Linux, without any issues. However: To fully enjoy this game, you will likely need more than 8 GiB of RAM (I upgraded to 16 GiB just for this). Also, four CPU cores are needed to run larger cities at full speed. As to graphics, a mid-level GPU should do fine (GTX 950 works for me).Conclusion: Thoroughly enjoyable game and well worth the money!"
76561198067513944,Recommended,255710,15690815,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Klaus Juanderstrapp,10/10
,Recommended,255710,21329097,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,iamallend,"It is the best, most adicting city simulator gamer ever. I give it a 10000 out of 10000!"
76561197972248501,Recommended,255710,20738625,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,joewagner501,"What an empty time pit this game is. It's so addictive. Being able to design, redesign and layout the city you would like to live in is really fun. Watching the people go about their day, taking the train, driving, biking, or walking, is engrossing and hard to stop watching.Definitely worth getting. I was more of an FPS and strategy kind of person but this game has made me into a city builder."
76561197982375312,Recommended,255710,17704576,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Brian Freeman,"This game is NEARLY a perfect city simulator! It's a great compromise between Sim City 4, Sim City, and Cities XL. The ONLY drawback, is I would like to see more US-style (North American) homes, buildings, etc. But otherwise, the game is fun, addicting, and utterly fantastic! I can't wait for the new expansion!"
,Recommended,255710,15404898,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Bangor the Dark,Excellent City sim.  Probably the best one I have played. In my opinion it beats the XL franchise (which is a good franchise.) and certainly SimCity - which was brutally killed by Electronic Arts.
76561198019281268,Recommended,255710,15056556,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,AC with No FUN,真的日狗了I was so close to bulid up my 2nd city.... suddenly my fellow's trash cant be taken out.... then I bankrupted.......3 HOURS SPENT AND I DIDNT EVEN SAVE AT ANYTHINGAddictive 11/10No AUTO SAVE 10/10
76561198156823240,Recommended,255710,21475416,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Gero_timo,"My girlfriend stole my PC!No really, I bought it for my self, but my girlfriend likes it even more xDGreat game, go buy!"
,Recommended,255710,14839436,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Czar,"I am absolutely baffled about how this piece of software can be the best city building I've ever played. Only few hours but so pleased by it.Huge fan of Sim City 3000 and Sim City 4, Cities: Skylines seems like their true successor. Absolutely effective in every corner of it's mechanics, I little rough on the edges, but it's just so refreshing to have a game that works on day 1 and freaking workshop ready to get some mods and addons from the community.Absolutely humongous amount of potential for the devs to implement DLCs, WITH the stock game being excelently playable and feeling complete. Whatever Paradox makes more with this game, they're making even more for the genre.Little cons are summed up quickly:- small routines on building the city could be better forth sofisticated (majority fixed with mods on workshop)- inconsistencies on tutorialGreat to have such game, good to be a consumer to this industry for once.Paradox you lovely!"
76561198161843166,Recommended,255710,23474170,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,EntrancedGolem5,This is a great game that challenges your intelectual side and ability to keep up.
,Recommended,255710,23970543,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,LaDeX,Simply the best city builder.
,Recommended,255710,14838702,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Progre$$ || Betway,.
,Recommended,255710,14849444,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Ramburger,Simply beautiful and fun to play! Beats all the other city building games.9.5/10
,Recommended,255710,16031674,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Maverick,Fantastic Game!
,Recommended,255710,16521652,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Rasta Manjur,Can Rename a dog to Deez Nuts10/10would do it again.
76561198037828522,Recommended,255710,21324537,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,C. Black,"Beats Sim City and any other city builder sandbox by far,good graphics, amazing mods, full steam workshop support, gameplay is just sweetgame mechanics to the detail and also can plan routes for public transport too, really to the smallest detailjust look at the screenshots in the players gallery in the community hub, really can build amazing looking cities and villages, amazing game9/10 due to small graphic lags here and there on highest settings, a bit unacceptable for me on my machine since I am way over recommended  requirements, but not really game breaking at all"
,Recommended,255710,16305626,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,DNF = Dumb As Fuck,This game is better than the SimCity series. The mod community and the creators keeps tha game 'fresh' and free for bugs.  If you like city planning this game is made for you! The mod community can change the game in the way you want it to be played.
,Recommended,255710,15143394,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ThereIGo,"Fantastic game. I have but one complaint: Traffic. Cars all pile into a lane even though there are more open because they need to get into their lane 18miles before their turn. My main highway has about a mile back of traffic all in one lane, while two lanes sit open, just because everyone needs to merge into the right lane. But the Devs listen, it's their third game. and every other part of the game is so amazing. Worth the buy-for sure."
76561198066385207,Recommended,255710,15225685,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Legalrick2,"Best game in a while.With all the upcoming mods, this game is soon to be the next GTA. Not even kidding there will be a gun mod out sometime in the future with a community like this.But still the best game since anytime."
,Recommended,255710,18167595,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Igor,Best city builder ever conceived. The End.
,Recommended,255710,28399057,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,EliTheEpic,"It's like Simcity, but actially good."
76561198007992390,Recommended,255710,14854763,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Glass half empty.,"Throughout my child hood, I was a fan of sim city, sadly, the series gradually declined in quality over the years. But I feel that Cities: Skylines recaptures what made the old games good while still maintaining a unique identity. But be warned, while the game has a definite flow, there are some difficulty spikes native to a more advanced city sim such as proper planning for very large amounts of traffic and so on."
,Recommended,255710,14831343,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,υℓтяα⁸⁵,A really fun game so far!
76561198060611359,Recommended,255710,14823943,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Sir_ Hudson,ive been playing this game for only haf a hoer and I LOVE IT 10/10 10X Better then sims city 2013 or whatever it was
,Recommended,255710,19965324,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,VANO,SimCity killer!
76561198085653287,Recommended,255710,18798679,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,XxX_SwagMasterKid_69_XxX,I bought this game.  Later i got a skype call.  I was beeged to buy it for a friend.  I had to buy T_T10/10  would buy for others agian
76561198057474421,Recommended,255710,23370127,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,zerodivide32,"Growing up with SimCity, I was not expecting to find an all around superior city builder with this title! Runs perfect on both Ubuntu & Windows(which is not always the case...)"
,Recommended,255710,14915897,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,gabrielcrandall,"I have loved this game very very much. There are a few glitches and bugs as of march 16, 2015, but I am sure they will get fixed later on. I say PLAY THE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!=UPDATE= I have played this game a little more and they have added a lot of features to the game. This game runs really well on lap tops, the graphics are good, the gameplay is easy to get used to, and there are many other reasons to love this game. I still say play this game and buy it if you are one of those people who are interested in the game."
,Recommended,255710,16360472,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,That Feel When,All is good there. But need moar HARDCORE.
,Recommended,255710,14835104,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,HappyViet,"Everything Sim City should have been and more.Aside from a few graphical glithces (ships clipping through bridges or drifting up river), this game is the city simulation game you never knew you needed.11/10- IGN"
76561198031575631,Recommended,255710,16380692,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,devilation09,"Absolutely amazing, nothing to fault. What I have been waiting for since SimCity 4. A great customer support base, mod support and no technical issues to speak of. This game will have you spend hours creating the most amazing cities possible"
76561198045395077,Recommended,255710,16379342,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,spoofmaker1,Highly recomend this if you like city builders.
76561198010195713,Recommended,255710,14936768,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,[189th]Darkwaver517,"Before I start the review, let me point out first that this game has a 96% recommendation ratio. So let that sink in for now.So, Cities: Skylines, or as I like to call it: How SimCity Should Have Been.It's really easy to draw comparisons to the EA IP, so let's do that real quick: This game does virtually everything that SimCity does, but better.It has somewhat the same mechanics but with a more user friendly touch to it. Skylines is overall just that, really user friendly. You'll find the learningcurve to be not steep at all. Once you get the hang of it in the first hour, you'll quickly start building your metropol.The difficulty of the game is set by your own creativity. Thats a shame because there is no real challange. If you want to build crazy shapes of roads or an unconventional city all together, youll find that there is de bottleneck. There are no disasters, and even if you mess up your finances or the entire structure of the city, the game will still be very forgiving.Besides that one downside on this game, there isn't anything to add to it. It's flawless in gameplay, there is a huge variety of third party content with the steam workshop implemented. And finally, the game is really addictive. There are plenty of things to unlock. From unique buildings to special types of roads. The game really has a nice pasing in that sence. Also, it looks amazing.So, without any real negative sides to this game, let me just say 'wow'. Buy it already!"
,Recommended,255710,14900047,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,S.Wako,"I'm a person who love in city building simulation games, and this game.. i follow on website everyday..when it realeased, no time to think so much bought it ASAP lol  And this is the better way than any ""SIMCITY"" game..absolutely incredible..cheaper..and the most important is no ""EA""Pros: - Nice realistic graphics and great details-cheaper than Simcity-Maps, features, modding .... the best!Cons: -Your computer will getting stuck easily if it has low specs like mine T_T-RCI is so hard to control on this game cuz of the large maps-No multiplayer mode..but for me i don't care lol-No day/night cycle..hope they will release patch soonNo more comment..buy it bro!total score 9/10 Incredible!ผมละคนนึงที่ชอบเล่นเกมสร้างเมือง ติดตามตั้งแต่ยังพัฒนายังไม่เสร็จเลย พอมันออกก็สอยดิครับ 555เข้าเรื่อง...เมื่อเทียบกับซิมซิตี้แล้ว..ไอ้นี่เจ๋งกว่าเยอะครับ ถูกกว่าด้วย เล่นเพลินมาก เสียแค่ว่ากว่าจะสร้างได้สักอย่างต้องวางแผนเป็นชั่วโมง 55555ข้อด๊: -ภาพสวย รายละเอียดดีมาก-ราคาถูกมากเมื่อเทียบกับซิมซิตี้-แมพกับฟีเจอร์นิกินขาดเลยครับ-ม็อดเยอะมากกกกกข้อเสีย: -ใครคอมกากแบบผมนิ หน่วงใช่ย่อยเลย ขนาดปรับโลแล้ว T_T-RCI คุมยากมาก (หรือผมคิดไปเอง)-ไม่มีระบบออนไลน์เหมือนซิมซิตี้ แต่ผมว่ามันก็ไม่มีประโยชน์นะ.. แล้วแต่คนละกัน-ไม่มี day/night cycle ถึงจะมีม็อดมาแล้วแต่ก้ไม่ค่อยเวิร์คเท่าไหร่นักถ้าใครชอบแนวนี้ก็จัดมาซะะะ ไม่ผิดหวัง!สรุปเลยตามแบบแผนตัวเอง 9/10 เยี่ยมยอด"
,Recommended,255710,15224986,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,hooverdirt,"If you buy this game, you won't play DayZ with your buddies anymore. 100 out of 10, would play DayZ again."
76561198071299756,Recommended,255710,14992178,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Norboo,"This game is awesome! BUY it immediately!It's in the same level as Sim City 4. Great graphics, great simulation. There are only minor deficiencies like roundabout not ""act"" as a roundabout (it acts as junctions), can't build tunnels yet. But I'm sure, that the awesome developers are implement these features soon, because they are already put some features in the first update based on the community reviews :)"
,Recommended,255710,14882154,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Juegoman,It's like Simcity 4 but with graphics
,Recommended,255710,15502906,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,amit.streit,Very fun game it is
,Recommended,255710,14956643,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,HelvetinBarbaari,"Excellent city builder with minor bugs, that i'm sure will be adressed. Mod support is awesome. 10/10 recomended!"
76561198129322490,Recommended,255710,14832417,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Becca,"Spent 8+ hours on a city only to accidentally flood half the industrial district with an improperly placed dam. This game is beautiful, it's intuitive, and the play is limitless. This is the city builder Simcity should have been.10/10, this game is the cat's pajamas!"
,Recommended,255710,14915239,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Vid-szhite,"This is the game SimCity should have been.I got a small twinge of anxiety when I saw that the plot of land you start with was just as small as it is in said SimCity, but then I played the game a bit and realized you can actually expand the area later on by buying land, and your first land upgrade comes early on. The game makes your goals and milestones very clear. There are no conflicting messages, and the mechanics of the game are well explained. Especially nice is the ""relocate building"" button, so if you make a huge mistake, or just change your mind down the line, you aren't stuck bulldozing something ridiculously expensive. Even better, the price of the game itself is extremely fair.Fans of City Simulators will love it. While SimCity was full of all sorts of little things that wore away at your patience, Cities: Skylines has all sorts of little things that endear you to it and immerse you. Couldn't recommend it more."
76561197981199435,Recommended,255710,14977089,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Radmain,I built London.I destroyed London.I built Berlin.Berlin died.I built RomeI destroyed Rome.I built Moscow.Moscow stay strong. Soviet addons!BEST GAME EVER
76561197973813966,Recommended,255710,14855974,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,DD-Chinook,"Wow, just wow!!!!Rediciously easy to use interface (except annoying popup for new ""items""), really nice music, awesome graphics, incredible fluid physics, huge (spacewise) fully integrated steamworks on frontpage... list just goes on...How the h**l didn't EA think of doing it like this? What do they pay the CEO for really? Oh, wait! They just crapped on the last ppl of the incredible brand of Maxis (it doesnt exist anymore).In short, VERY fun game! ALOT of bang for the buck, just buy it before OC realize ppl would still buy this game at double the price.."
,Recommended,255710,15099521,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Dondolf J Trimple,"These are the things i like about this game:A: It has water physics, wtf?2. no EAd- mo' money, mo' hoes, mo' trainz.0.1=i like trainzi r8 this 8/8i have no friends"
,Recommended,255710,14987253,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Pjpg,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes a game where you start from nothing and build on it. They constantly update the game and the modding of it is brilliant. It's tricky at first getting used to simple things like water and electrics but once you get in to the swing of things and keep trying, you'll have a great experience!"
76561198099168084,Recommended,255710,15159953,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,rafabro,Absolutely briliant! Almost perfect in any meaning.Now i'm waiting for tunnels and elevated rail. And take off the limit of 1 mlilion of population. I want build 25mln citizens city :)
,Recommended,255710,14829294,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Ursiel,Better than SimCity. 'Nuff sed.
,Recommended,255710,14959406,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Smoosh,If you love city builders you'll love this one. A lot of mods already available and a lot more incoming.
,Recommended,255710,15453572,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,DeMexi,"It's what you hoped the sequel to Sim City 4 would be. All of the city building fun you'd expect, minus the tedious micro-management and clunky interface EA made us grow accustomed to.If there's one issue I have with the game, it would be its difficulty. The game starts of challenging, but once your city starts to take shape and you've managed to find some sort of balance, money will start rolling in and the hard part'll be over. The game is also a bit light on content, meaning you'll run out of new types of buildings to construct somewhere down the line.Personally, it doesn't bother me that much. Watching your citizens go about their business and your buildings evolve is more than enough fun in itself. Managing the various aspects involved with city planning is a rewarding task and, due to the game's intuitive interface, a fun one as well.And luckily, there is a large scala of mods that improve the game by adding to the gameplay or content. You'll definitely want to shift through the most popular mods before you get started with the game.All in all, I'd say: play it."
,Recommended,255710,28834427,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,</F.2.5.N>,"i am an architect, this game beat me so hard. but i still play it."
,Recommended,255710,25764795,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,jackDets,"This game did what EA couldn't.As in, make an actual modern Sim City.Sim City 5 or whatever you want to call it is trash, this is the real sequel to Sim City 4"
76561198034886909,Recommended,255710,23386974,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Kontra Kommando,I highly recommend this game for anyone that is looking for a more complex city builder game. This is one of the best games I've played in a while.
,Recommended,255710,14958872,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SisterFister,"I'm sure everyone's saying it but it's true: Cities Skylines is what Simcity 2013 should have been.I could go into detail to explain how the game plays but it's pretty much just like Simcity 2013, just without always-online DRM, multiplayer and half-baked traffic and agent mechanics (Skylines still uses agents for traffic and sims, but not for things like electricity and water, which frees up resources to have a lot more sims on the streets without fudging population figures. Every single population point is an actual sim which actually has a proper home, car, etc., unlike Simcity 2013 where sims just ran to the closest house, shop or job in some kind of pitiful game of Musical Chairs). You can even give sims names (hell you can give animals names as well), though good luck finding them again with all the other sims running around. And the base price for Cities Skylines is also about half that of Simcity 2013 as well.And while Cities Skylines initially starts you out with city limits roughly the same size as a Simcity 2013 map, you can later purchase up to 8 additional adjacent sqaures so you can end up with a city 9x the size of anything you could build in Simcity 2013 (and there are already mods which allow you to unlock a total of 25 squares, which is crazy and will probably bring all but the most beefy of rigs to their knees).Colossal Order's only other titles to date have been Cities in Motion 1 & 2 (which are traffic simulators rather than actual city builders) but they have really gone all out with Cities Skylines. You can tell that they have experience with traffic simulations (which is important given how traffic is such an integral part of city builders, especially agent-based ones). They have also pledged to support the game with free and paid updates for years to come (with possible expansion packs). They have said that one of their first free updates will be one that introduces the ability to build underground roads and tunnels, for example.Colossal Order have already released a patch within the first week addressing a few issues that people had (for instance it introduces the ability to disable the Film Grain graphical effect, allows you to now upgrade between one and two-way roads and right-click one-way roads to change their direction which are both significant quality of life enhancements, and addresses a few other bugs and balance issues like parks decreasing Commercial demand). Oh and of course the game is completely offline (there's not even a multiplayer mode to speak of, which frankly is the way it should be) and the game has extensive mod support via the Steam Workshop (unlike a certain other city builder..)The game has a few nagging problems but nothing that makes me sit back and think 'yeah stuff this, back to Simcity 4', and that's an achievement in my books. My only real gripe is with the Chirper notification tool. It can get a little repetitive seeing citizens constantly tweting the same few inane things when you'd rather just hear about any actual problems in your city (even then it seems that for most problems or events there's only about two types of messages you get from Chirper - one positive and one negative, if that. For instance, if you have a district dedicated to oil industry you'll constantly get messages that either say something along the lines of 'oil pumps look bad, why can't we import oil from.. wherever it comes from' or 'good thinking using the oil beneath our city', and that's it. Basically there's no variety in the messages and they just keep complaining to you or praising you until the end of time, when you'd rather more meaningful feedback.I don't normally bother to recommend games but in this case I have to make an exception. It takes a lot these days for a game to actually impress me to the point of writing up a review for it. Honestly the only thing I legitimately hate about Cities Skylines is that it reminds me of just how much better Simcity 2013 could have been and that I actually forked out money for that pile of crap. Keep in mind that Colossal Order are rather small compared to the Simcity team.If you're a fan of city builders like Simcity and similar games you're doing yourself a great disservice by not at least taking a good hard look at Cities Skylines.One could almost say that creating a city builder that could not only stand up to Simcity but legitimately topple it is a.. Colossal Order ~snicker~"
,Recommended,255710,17044447,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Malicious,"It's the best City Simulator out there.Pros-Steam Workshop-Actually works-Lots of mods-Active devsCons-Needs a modern GPU-Intel Graphics will not work well, low fps.-You're gonna need lots of ram after you download 5,000 mods :D"
76561198041340561,Recommended,255710,17666085,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,down diggidy dog,-Build city-Put hospital down-Everyone gets sick-Proceeds to demolish all houses-No room for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in Chuckleville
76561198104322459,Recommended,255710,25834287,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,PepePls,Playing this at night is the biggest mistake you can make. A little road can turn into a 7 hour project
76561198144015520,Recommended,255710,22013754,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,The Man With a Plan,I love this game =) My computer can barely handle it and I have to put all of the graphics settings on low to even be able to play the game properly. Even with all of the graphics setteings on low the game is still absolutely beautiful. especiall at night and when the sun is setting/rising. Another good thing about this game is that you can easily download mods and just make the biggest possible city without having to deal with money and unlocking buildings. I completely 100% recommend this game.
,Recommended,255710,21066772,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Atomkarnage,"Build a City. What more do you want? If you're here because you like city sims, then you've obviously need no further introduction.Remember Simcity 2013? Well imagine if that game was the way it was supposed to be, you would have Cities: Skylines.I don't need to say anymore."
76561198070218795,Recommended,255710,23404063,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Curry™,r8 8/8 gr8 m8
76561198121589205,Recommended,255710,28215828,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Skeeyou,So far the game has been great!Losts of Steam Comunity workshop items mods customs buildings and maps and weather.Really cool how big you can make your City !
,Recommended,255710,14826881,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,ChromeAdders,"I'm going to edit my review since I don't think my previous one was that good.In Cities: Skylines, you can build cities. It's pretty realistic: you have to deal with traffic issues and what not, you have to build fire stations so your buildings don't burn down, you have to build cemeteries and crematoriums, etc.Overall, the game is very good, but what makes it even better is the Steam Workshop support. Without mods, I wouldn't have gotten the 67 hours I have logged on it as of time of writing. There's mods for basically everything. You can install mods so you'll have lots more of building varieties, you can add landmarks to your city, you can have a gigantic statue of a hamster if you want, there's mods to change the color of your roads or even Americanize them if you want.. As of recently, you can even mod VEHICLES: I can now see DeLoreans driving my city.And you can install a mod... with one click. You don't need any dragging & dropping folders, etc. like for other games like GTA IV.The developers are very great as well. They listen to their community and they are very active.This game was very well worth it in my opinion."
,Recommended,255710,24664282,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Efire1098,"Honestly Extremely Fun- A great Time waster and strategic game.It goes both ways!With amazing mods to choose from and smooth gameplay, it is easy to learn yet hard to master. (Sorry for the stealing of that) Overall enjoyedEasy 6.5/7"
,Recommended,255710,20435693,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,MintyJimmy,Outstanding game with amazing graphics and mods.
76561198033347121,Recommended,255710,14995603,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Carlxyz,"Simcity is now dead... Cities: Skylines, the best city builder by far!"
,Recommended,255710,14831787,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,joescrufff,i cant stop playing!
,Recommended,255710,16332769,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DaShreker,The best city simulator I have ever played. Complete with a kickass modding community. 11/10
76561198278333117,Recommended,255710,21341337,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,simonnorth2008,This game is amazing. I can't stand city builders usually but thought I'd give this a go n I'm addicted to it now.
,Recommended,255710,15009768,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Faradäy,very good
76561198081484630,Recommended,255710,15597490,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,marcvantilborg,Playing for some weeks now. And it is absolutely amazing.Still figuring out how to optimalize my cities.Pros:- Mods- Large cities (been busy with a city for a few weeks now and still haven't got 50% full)- Easy way of making mods- Nice graphic styleCons:- A lot is focused on the traffic- Some aspects that should have been covered in the game itself like the treebrush that are missing. (but luckily covered by the mods)
,Recommended,255710,18412893,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Zhi,What Simcity had hope to be
,Recommended,255710,18338823,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Luciforged,"So freakin' addictive. It's like the days of Simcity 3 all over again.Building plans and road layouts have to make sense, traffic is very realistic and will build up and drive to and from destinations. Have to create special roadways for heavy cargo to make traffic flow like a beating heart. I've never been a mayor but how you play this game, really makes sense in how you would actually run a village/town/city in real life. 50% of my citizens have a college degree, and they DO NOT want to be underemployed lol I found this out after I noticed my population started to drastically decline when I got to about 24,000 people. But you will have to find a good balance, not eveyone is going to want to college, so you will need good high paying highschool education or lower jobs. It's satisfying to find out why a zoned area is having a problem and then turn it into a bright part of the community. Interestingly enough, it's a very simple concept. Treat people like human beings and they will work hard, have ambitions, and in return give the city more money in the form of taxes to help improve said city. Every citizen is going to want to feel safe, have a local hospital staffed by local people close by with honest doctors, not worry about their house family and belongings being burnt up in a fire, Keeping their houses tidy by keeping garbage out of the streets. For instance, the laws have a invest now-risk/reward later effect. Sign a law that encourages people to recycle to help produce less garbage which will keep your garbage dumps clean while you wait to get approval to build garbage powerplants to burn the excess garbage. You'll get slightly less tax income, but you won't have to spend as much as quickly mantaining more and more garbage dumps. I love this game. I wish there were more extreme policies that could only be approved if you met certain conditions like for example- cime is 8%, I can now unlock an outreach program policy that would further reduce crime. I LOVE that they made a policy just to ""legalize it"", I signed that bill as soon as I could, and then turned around and banned ciggerettes. In my mind, I do not trust cigarettes because of the extra chemicals they include with tobacco, so I wasn't actually banning smoking tobacco, just big corporate ciggerettes; my citizens, seemed to approve, health in general went up 5% and oddly enough so did happiness. It did dip 2% for a few weeks, then rose about 5%. For a small gain of 3% I hope they continue to make dlc for this game, it has so MUCH potential and it's already my city management game of choice as of this review."
,Recommended,255710,18237231,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,EviltoastSA,Been playing city builders since the original simcity to the last disaster of a simcity game and this is simply the best one out there hands down.  Complex with a large scope to build massive cities. Coupled with the mods and extra assets one can get at the steam workshop this is all win. Could use a tweak in terms of some mechanics here and there85/100
76561197970524513,Recommended,255710,18444005,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,BlackOm,If you loved Sim City games of old and were dissapointed in the latest offering from EA this is the game for you.    It is a fairly easy city builder with a great sense of progression.
,Recommended,255710,18278456,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Kwekkie,"Awesome city builder. Love the mods and the after dark DLC, must have for every fan of early SimCity games when it actually was good. 9/10."
,Recommended,255710,14851147,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Pman,Disappointed with SimCity? Sad EA took down Maxis? BUY THIS GAME!
76561198024128039,Recommended,255710,18286310,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Snuggles,"When it comes to a city builing game, this is on par. It brings back great memories of how a city building game should be. With community support, players are able to create building, parks, road systems actually in the game and share them with the steam community. Additionally, the mods allow's one to customize a game to their liking. For anyone that likes city building games, this is the one to play."
,Recommended,255710,16416653,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,CosmicSpark,This game brings both elements from simcity 4 and cities xxl together with a smoother engine. would recomend this game to anyone.
76561198071947543,Recommended,255710,15364436,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,norm754,The city builder the world has been waiting for. Run out of things to do? Mod it? Too easy? Mod it.
,Recommended,255710,15965130,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Dannoth,"Insanely good game, supported with a plethora of mods and a reddit based community on /r/CitiesSkylines/.Endless fun, best game I have bought in a while."
76561198052518259,Recommended,255710,14829724,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,andrewcul,"This game does everything simcity should have done. The attention to detail is astounding! The way the water works, the reflections in the glass, carrying stuff to their cars, the list goes on and on. I couldn't recommend this game more to city builder lovers.Also the mod support opens up a whole new amount of options, I have already downloaded the full map mod which allows purchase of the entire map rather than the 9 additional spaces. Can't wait to fill it all!"
,Recommended,255710,18249808,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Ed_Wick,"If you've ever played a city builder and found it to be a genre of your taste, chances are that you've already got this game but if you're thinking about testing the genre out, Cities: Skylines is, without a doubt (one of the, but this is my review so!)thebest platforms to start of at.I've spent the last ~8 hours in game just trying to figure out how to set up the infrastructure to a city. Heck, I think I've only ever built one town with over 100K cims. I've never had this much fun in a city builder even though I've never even been close to touching the ""end game"" of what this game has to offer. Just planning and building highways and all the way to walk paths is sooooo much fun in my opinion. And that's just a tiny aspect of this game! As I'm writing this I'm getting overwhelmed by how good this title is."
76561198120188842,Recommended,255710,18254772,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,blueaura94,Fantastic game
,Recommended,255710,15863170,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,captainburger64,PLAY DIS GAEM U FIGS IT'S AMAYMAY
,Recommended,255710,25081993,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,xJYNKZ,"bit of a learning curve for how dynamics work, such as; efficiently using roads, placements of tiles, utilities, taxes, etc.Once you learn it, you will NOT forget it.really seperates from other City Builder games.(prefer Cities over SimCity since the release)You can make a really beautiful looking city!If you love it so much, destroy it with some Disaster DLC!the Workshop for this game is just amazing...,i refuse to play vanilla anymore because i lost myself in the community!A must have for the creative, simulation collection!a top 3 game for me!love this game. 11/10"
76561198080496667,Recommended,255710,18247256,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,DollaryDoo,"I've had an account on Steam for years and this is the first time I've ever felt the need to review a game, and wow what a game. I'm not going to make a list, or tell you all the good things (and bad) I'll leave that up to everyone else. All I can say is I've spent more hours in this game than any other game on Steam and I'm still enjoying it. Now's the best time to pick it up because of the newly introduced Day/Night cycle (free by the way) and their first dlc.Just buy it, I promise if you enjoy city-builders you will not regret it. Now go and build cool shiz!"
76561198101292369,Recommended,255710,17814404,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Skytop JF,"This is a great city-builder. You can really customize your transport network. Although their aren't too many tall buildings, the workshop and constant updates always make it better."
,Recommended,255710,15025637,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Xyrus,"Simply the best city simulation I've ever played. I played for the last couple of days and managed to raise a gigantic metropolis and I'm not even done yet! The mod support is excellent - people are adding features the devs were planning already which makes them think: ""what can we do for the players now?""Everything SimCity (2013) ♥♥♥♥ed up royally, Cities: Skylines did right. And instead of EUR 60, this game only costs EUR 30!Positive stuff:+ Huuuuge map!+ Comprehensive UI for 99% of all cases (see below for exceptions)+ Great performance even on weaker PCs+ Simple but complex paradigm, no annoying clutter+ Wide zoom range to play like a god or like a pedestrian whenever you feel like+ Newbie-friendly (""I are baboon, I make house, ugga!"") to insanely challenging at the right times+ Price is totally alright! Go ahead and get digital deluxe, even! Still worth it!+ The region system (a paint tool for defining city regions) is really creative and usefulHere be the downers:- Chirpy is ♥♥♥♥ing annoying (would have liked advisors better)- The public transportation is messy to figure out because the UI is a bit wonky (in Cities in Motion it was better...)- Most of the time have to look where problems are located (dead people not getting picked up? YEAH BUT WHERE!?)- I would like more complex policies, even though the region policies are already great. There are just not enough different policies I can use to fine tune my cityBUY BUY BUY!"
,Recommended,255710,18002901,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,mastikator87,"I don't know how they did it but it's incredible, it FEELS like a real city with real people populating the city who need real jobs and real places to go shopping.There are some caveats, roads and planning is hard when you get really big scale. There's a reason there's a science behind city planning and as someone who hasn't been educated in that subject I feel like I might benefit from it from this game.It's really easy to make a town (and very fun) but it's super hard to make a city that doesn't implode.This is not just a successor to Sim City, it's going beyond that. Sim City wishes it was City Skylines!"
76561198076190210,Recommended,255710,14988636,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Hyperion,"Excellent game.It's obvious that the game is automatically to be compared with Simcity game series, and it's not about saying that the one's good and another's bad, but Cities: Skylines really has what it lacked in Simcity.My main points:— The controlls are great;— The cunstruction system is very convenient and easy;— I really loved the zoning;— All the in-game atmosphere: city-growing, the traffic (traffic jams, parked cars, public transport management), the presentation of influence of adding different constructions near the zones — all that looks really vivid and lively, so it's a big pleasure to play the game;The game's absolutely lovely and great, and I'm glad that someone is making quality products like this."
76561198111514431,Recommended,255710,28214227,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,InkedRatzQc,"BEST. City Building Game. EVER !!! So Addictive, It's just perfect in every ways, you can do so much micro-Gestion !10/10"
76561198056995059,Recommended,255710,28215595,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,GodsGrace,"Fun game, you can even play with your loved ones. Aweosme job Karoliina and company."
,Recommended,255710,28214742,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,buffaloman,awesome game.
,Recommended,255710,14844935,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Vintage Zombie Upskirt 2000,"It's simple: This game is exactly what Simcity 5 should have been. While it's not perfect, the gripes about the game's issues are fairly small and petty when the simulation itself is slick and easily modded. This game learned from SC5's shortfalls and vastly improved on itself. AAA game at a great price."
,Recommended,255710,19896697,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ImpactCrater,"Everything SimCity should have been, and more. It's so refreshing to see a small team who takes passion in their work and community create something of this quality and popularity."
,Recommended,255710,14840189,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Art Monkey,"From loving games such as Sim City and Roller coaster Tycoon I have been looking for a good city management game for some time.  I can spend countless hours reworking roads to improve traffic flow and find laying water pips to be a peaceful experience. If that’s you, you might want to give this game a go.Unlike sim city, which it barrows heavily from there are no disasters. The biggest threat to your citizens will be fire. My few play throws the fire became a pain in how many burnt buildings I had to bulldoze. Though that was partly my fault I got rid of a street connecting the fire house. You could say the game was trying to bring my attention to this by burning the people of my city.City: Skylines is the definition of a city builder simulation game.  Its goal is to give you the tools to create a prosperous city the way you see fit. Through a wonderful mechanic called districts I could regulate an industry heavy district to provide farm goods. Personally I like my cities to be eco-friendly and concentrate on resident happiness instead of trying to make the most profitable city I can.From years of playing these types of games, the fun comes from living the fantasy of running your own city your way. City: Skylines seems to understand this. From their UI and overall look of the game people will compare it to Sim City 2013. Though I think as time goes on people will start to point out how this game sets it self apart. You can only see this through playing it.  It's a warm and welcoming feeling for people that want to dive into a city they can make into their own.This game also comes with a map and assets editor. From little I got to play with this feature I have to say its nice to create your own intersections to use in your maps. It keeps things uniform and saves you time from wasting cash and deleting unnecessary from roads that you have to replace, anyways.The developers have thought of steam workshop integrating from the get go. From seeing games of this type try to integrate other players into your game, like having a multiplayer function I much rather have this type of integration where players can add to each other's cities through making unique props, buildings and intersections.I would recommend this game to anyone that love city management games. It's one of the better ones."
,Recommended,255710,14879966,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Autistic as Fuck,No EA. No Ubisoft. 10/10 would bankrupt city again.
,Recommended,255710,14827659,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,constchar*,"This game is the SimCity killer we've been looking for. As far as city building games go SimCity 4 is probably the pinnacle of the genre and until now no game has ever come close to it. People are already enthiuastically playing it, posting screenshots, uploading videos and building mods even on day one. In my time playing it I lost track of the time and really enjoyed watching my first city grow and I could see myself easily losing hundreds of hours to this game.My only real complaints about it so there is no day-night cycle and the scale of some of the buildings are kind of off-putting such as; factories using up the same amount of space as a single family home or pump stations being a magnitude larger than houses (the windows on the pump station are the size of a house), sometimes the traffic will clip into each other or pile on top of each other, the depth-of-field filter seems too aggressive (so far I haven't been able to figure out how to adjust it or turn it off).All of these issues are purely cosmetic problems though and the underlying gameplay is solid so I would definately recommend picking up this game if you've been looking for a great follow up to SimCity 4.I really feel this is a solid title, some of the problems will be fixed in time and this game is a great foundation for future sequels. I haven't felt this excited about a game in a long time!"
,Recommended,255710,15246803,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,planetarian,"They got right everything that simcity got wrong. The game works well, has a vibrant modding community, and is enjoyable. Some of the in-game systems can be a little iffy (e.g. traffic management) but otherwise thoroughly entertaining."
76561198140471070,Recommended,255710,14968603,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,antydoom,"thnx paradox you've done it again, a game worthy of decades of play and thnx modders for all of the great mods :D"
,Recommended,255710,26918633,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cassius X,Recommended.It takes time to learn and come up with designs that won't such when your city grows big but it's a lot of fun.  Get the mods too.Someone on reviews mentioned a lot of good mods.  Install those and you can have a lot of fun.DLCs are a costly so I didn't bought any DLCs but I might get the upcoming natural disasters DLC because it'll probably be the only DLC that'll add some real content to this game.
,Recommended,255710,14836829,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Ðřăĸě🐈✨,Took everything good in Sim City and left everything bad out.
76561198047019880,Recommended,255710,21721696,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Frognutz,"This game is great, I've had many of sleepless nights building city after city. It take a little to get use to if you never played a city builder game (I've use to play Civ) Traffic takes some getting use to, and how to manage the flow. But after awhile you figure it out or you spend hours reading the guides. There are plenty of mods that will help with traffic to ""tho unless you also add the Achievement Mod you won't get em""The DLC's are decent, tho they are left little to really be mention. Your best bet on the DLC's is to wait for them to go on sale for about 50% off. The makers listen to what you have to say for the most part and it seems they are doing a fairly good job at keeping it intresting.I have yet to experance a CTD even using 26 mods.The more you play the more you figure out that its not as easy as it looks. I've clocked nearly 200 hours on the game and I've only had it little over a month. This game will suck you in and leave you dreaming of what to do next time in your city to make it a little bigger.UPDATE 3/16The new core content they added adds another level to playing, terain improvments and man made rivers, don't expect to get sleep now......."
76561198081952789,Recommended,255710,20533435,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,GleipnirV2,"Oi, You! Stop reading reviews for this game for a second and follow the following instructions;1. Scroll to top,  Put cursor over blue letters in this location - User reviews ""Very Positive""2. Read stats as to why this silly simulator is  ""Very Positive""3. Shreak uncontrolably and shake about with glee so people think you are high because this is all you ever wanted in life.4. Add to cart.5. Launch game and commence traffic jam simulation.6.Bonus level- mod all the things and simulate with custom content."
,Recommended,255710,25312038,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,drivec,"This game is not perfect, but it will scratch your city simulation itch. Great game."
,Recommended,255710,15913555,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Snipes,"Imagine an alternate universe where EA isn't an @#$%hole to gamers who buy their games (this might take quite a bit of imagining). Imagine that, when the gamer masses cried for a new entry in the SimCity series, EA did not go and create a SimCity loaded with online play, ""social"" features and other miscellaneous dead weight just because these things are ""in"" right now. Imagine they instead made a sequel that was actually good, with a focus on gameplay and fun (yeah we're really pushing it now).Now imagine that the developers of Cities in Motion sneaked into this alternate universe, stole the game, and brought it back here and stuck it on Steam. That's this game in a nutshell."
76561198168853433,Recommended,255710,21040118,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,jsCP94,"An awesome city building simulatorI can't get enough of this game. I think it's enough of an endorsement to say that I played 100 hrs. vanilla-style, with no mods whatsoever, and I enjoyed every minute of it. However, it became much more enjoyable once I decided to use mods.What's there to say? You build roads, set aside land for houses, shops and factories; you build parks, hosipitals, police stations, etc. to service your city.  The customization is incredible, not even including mods. The ""simulation"" part with the Cims is also awesome and breathes life and spirit into the city. Yes, there is limitations, as eventually you see many of the exact same buildings repeated again and again. However, there is enough diversity of the buildings for me to be immersed in the city I built (again, this was before mods).If there's one thing that annoyed me though, it's building the roads. If I tried to make them the same length (and often one road wasslightlylonger than the other, then the perpendicular road connecting the parallel road would be slightly off. Yes, I could turn snapping off, but that messed up the city planning and the zoning, and I couldn't optimize area usage. Often, I had to build one parallel roads somewhat longer than the other in order to connect them with a perpendicular road. This results in me wasting money (or time if I made a big mistake and wanted to reload a previous save file). I wish there were more zones that were available when it comes to curved roads. Also, I wanted the traffic in the ""vanilla game"" to be more realistic (yes, I know there's a mod for that, I'm currently using it).But all in all, that's a nitpick in an otherwise great game."
76561198112624918,Recommended,255710,20272790,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ace Neutral,traffic management simulator10/10
,Recommended,255710,14834912,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,MoreMarty,Everything SimCity should have been. Best City Simulator in years. It sure could explain a little more before start but you'll figure it out eventually.
76561198079650515,Recommended,255710,15130006,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Teddy Westside,The commercial complained about not getting supplied. Found the bulldoze tool and problems were solved. 10/10 would demolish again.
76561198068154603,Recommended,255710,19440116,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,包仔,"A great city-build game. Can try many thingsout and be creative in the way how you treatyour citizens and workers in your town. WellI became the unpopular mayor trying to screwtheir lives, all of them have 15% happiness XDYou will manage the pollution and traffic problemsin the town most of your time, so be ready tohave mind blown. Planning roads your biggestchallenge too.Graphic is okay, background music is not impressivebut i can deal with it. Very nice city-build game to go.You will never notice how fast your reality time passeswhen you are playing.I can give 10/10 rating to this game."
76561198041839928,Recommended,255710,19392390,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Brando Calrissian,"I would consider myself avid simulator/RTS player. I really liked Simcity 4 and was excited when this game came out. Cities: Skylines is way better than any other city building games I've played.Pros: I really like how the workshop was integrated right into the main menu. It is supper easy to look for mods and activate them. Zoning and districst are also a huge plus for me coming from Simcity 4.Cons: The way the hydro dam works is annoying. Maybe there is a trick or a certain way to use those, but I've always seemed to flood my city.Once you learn about weeping willows, the game kind of gets repetitive, but I'm sure there are a lot more cool ways to design you cities. This game has a lot to offer for a city builder and I can't wait to see what expansion might be added. Steam workshop community is a huge plus."
76561197984643241,Recommended,255710,14849234,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,MechanizedMonk,Plays like a modern Sim City:2000. ive been waiting for something to fill this roll for a long time.
76561197998701258,Recommended,255710,14986131,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Psygnal,"This is an excellent city building game, which puts the latest Sim City pretty much to shame.It is beautifully crafted, relatively well balanced (tweaks are still in progress) and just so damn detailed.It's pretty special straight off the shelf, but if you feel like modding, I can recommend you get one of the First Person ones that lets you get right down to street level, because actually walking around the city you've just built is very cool - and you get to see all the little details that you just don't see from 100 feet up.If you know about the Sim City style games, you'll know what to expect.  It's not too fiddly about it though.If you don't know about that stype of game ... essentially:Place roads, pop your residential/commercial/industrial zones down, make sure there's enough power and water, and watch your city start to grow.   You'll need to manage traffic, population density, crime, emergency services, garbage removal, sewage, pollution, income, taxes, budgets, happiness and tourism (and a few other things) to get the most out of your metropolis - but it's not as daunting as it sounds.I've heard this game described as a Sim City rip off.  I don't care if people think that it is. At worst, they took a deeply flawed product and did it right. At best, they've just produced a fine example of the city building genre.This game is a VERY good city builder. With a few tweaks from the devs, it could comfortably become the jewel in the crown of all city builder games... it's THAT good.   I'd hit he recommend button twice if it would let me."
,Recommended,255710,15008241,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,ThornRage,"Best city building game I have played since I started playing city building games.I got into city building with SimCity 2000 but left that for SimCity 3000 a few months later when it was released. It was one of my favorite games until SimCity 4 with Rush Hour came out. I spent hours making my own terrain and connecting the different cities. I was happy but I had 1 major wish: curved roads that buildings would attach to.SimCity Societies was a dull useless game that I gave up on quick.Then came Cities XL with its multiplayer pitch and the ability to make curve roads that buildings attached to. I dare say they did pretty good job but the game was riddle with memory leaks and bugs. It started as an MMO but that didnt catch on. I tried Cities XL 2011 and 2012 and was suckered into Cities XXL. None much better than the last. I wish I had seen the video for Cities: Skylines BEFORE I got Cities XXL.Before the last Cities XXL, there was one called SimCity 2013. Me and a few friends bought and loved it ... for a short while. The huge problem was the limit on the size of your city. After that, I had no intentions to returning to the game especially since it was incomplete. That was on purpose, so EA could sell parts of the game as DLCs. No thank you.Skylines puts all of the previous city building games to shame. It is the best I have ever played and I believe it will be the best ever. I look forward to see what Colossal Order has planned for the future of this game."
76561197972490364,Recommended,255710,14903136,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Extremer2099,"Expandable city limits, terrain editer, mod support, FUN.... all things that Sim City was not."
,Recommended,255710,14845193,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,InTheGhett0,"A quality city-builder though not as Messianic as some make it out to be.Graphcis are solid, but not stunning.Mechanics are a harmonious blend of detailed and easy-to-use.TL;DR below.This game borrows from previous city-builders which had success, namely SimCiy 4 and Cities in Motion, while avoiding the pitfalls which made Cities XL and Simcity 5 disasters.In the end, this game's appeal is greatly heightened by the disappointments of Simcity 5 and Cities XL and it's ""Sequels"" which looked frightening like clones of their predecessors.While innovative and clever (especially with way pollution directly impacts the game environment via the soil and the water), Cities:Skylines innovates only mildly while maintaining an overall pleasant experience.The graphical experience does come off a bit fuzzy despite settings being maxed and the game is sorely in need of an update which establishes a day/night cycle. A solid game with excellent gameplay. Easy to grasp, semi-tough to master, this game is as solid 8/10 with the potential to become a 9 - 9.5 with a high definitions texture upgrade and a few feature upgrades (smog effects, clouds, weather, day/night cycle to name a few.)While it scratches an itch long unscratched given that SimCity 4 is 10 years old and there have been no legitimate challengers to it's dominance save a disappointing Cities XL experience, Cities is a good that could be great but seems to be a few steps away from being genuinely terrific.TL;DR8 / 10 with the Potential to be better with a few solid updates that will (hopefully) not end up as cash grab DLCs.A good buy at $20 or less, but unless you are desperately in need for a city-builder, I wouldn't pay full price for it.Fun, easy to get into and enjoyable, though a bit fuzzy graphically and asking for an HD upgrade."
76561198076091413,Recommended,255710,14940420,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Bott,Outstanding city builder sim
,Recommended,255710,14829136,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Minerva,"At first I was like ""What's all this hype about? This looks like another SimCity game. Does the citybuilding crowd just get really hype about citybuilders for some reason?Turns out, it's just because the game is fantastic. The city building is great, and you can tweak even the smallest things like policy management and building zones, but the coolest thing, by far, is viewing the individual lives of each of your citizens. They all have their own jobs, houses, and families, and that's just absolutely awesome. It actually makes you feel like a mayor protecting their citizens. It's not about ""Get firetrucks to get the burning buildings to stop flashing."", you're actually trying to protect these people (from themselves, admittedly).In any case, I've had a ton of fun so far. I can see myself playing for many more hours to come."
76561197961906069,Recommended,255710,14931303,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,ausknipsr,"Downloaded it, played it the whole day and skipped all my work, everytime i have to do something else i get all shaky and depressed.10/10 would get addicted again"
,Recommended,255710,15029326,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Ikem,"Best City Sim out there. Map editor, terrain import, good traffic engine, districts, back to the basics utilites.Love it"
,Recommended,255710,14930622,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Captain-Weasly,"Its fun, its hard, its micro-mangement, a city building sim that is not like the last Sim City that was bad.This game took 5 hours in my day and it's 4am, I have lost my life to the game when I have class at 9 in the morning.9.5/10 would stay awake to play and till the bus arrived to go to class."
,Recommended,255710,14828524,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Sykke,"The new SimCity. Amazing game from a small group of Finnish developers.  Runs great, cities can actually be big.  The best city-builder around currently."
,Recommended,255710,17730896,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Jubez,The sim city you are looking for nuff said.
76561198074309016,Recommended,255710,15511225,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,LiR,"As a lifelong fan of SimCity, I can say with confidence - this is the SimCity that we've been waiting for ever since SimCity 4. Buy it, you will not regret it."
76561198136435685,Recommended,255710,17283370,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Dave,"first city tanked to terrible planning road  by me and traffic congesstion to point i lost 8,593 people in one hit, i had a fun 6 hours of the city though lol time to make a new one"
,Recommended,255710,20257679,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mango Fett,Flood all the cities! :DBuy this game.
,Recommended,255710,15482970,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Spencinator,>Raised my school budget all the way up>A few weeks later I see an expensive sports car parked in the school lot>It belonged to one of the teachers>She just happened to be an uneducated adultpic 4 proof:http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/38617858245718106/444B91CD690B20DDF05E8763421B9B301AF91AFA/10/10 realistic school budget simulator
,Recommended,255710,20280560,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,[DBG] Carto,It's everything SimCity wanted to be but couldn't because of EA :)
76561198271702074,Recommended,255710,19989083,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,rasheemlovett,I really like this game and yes I would tell my friends and family about this game
,Recommended,255710,14827923,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,MilesNocte,"This game is incredable, in no other city builder have i been able to get a city to work, but something aobut this game makes me understand. Its perfect for any skill level player and its is loads of fun, i think i told my self ""ok save and get off"" 3 times before actually doing it."
,Recommended,255710,23612948,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,arreguin00,I just have one word to describe this game. Epic.
76561198215474855,Recommended,255710,23696255,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,vansynr,"I'm a recent grad with a degree in planning. I can say, without a doubt, this game could be used as a teaching tool. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,255710,23692862,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Ishvii,"The best city building game I've ever played. Great interface, good systems and very satisfying. Had to stop playing when I found myself looking at real life photographs of German motorway intersections to improve my traffic flow."
,Recommended,255710,15993674,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Covert,More content then Sim City. Possibly the best city game currently out there.
,Recommended,255710,23676044,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,jonm111,"Great game, lovely graphics. I've finished building a city and I'll be creating a second one when I can. I do recommend this game because its all about problem solving and lets you be creative with how you go about doing things. I've learned about roads and intersections and city layouts, at least from what the game offers. However this game boils down to traffic management, road layouts and transportation systems. At times problems arise unexplicably, but its rare. Nonetheless, great game."
,Recommended,255710,19078938,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Caballero de la Iglesia,"This game is really great!, but here is one thing:Since we've been playing citing building games for decades, I would suggest something... How about making this game into a Nation-Building game!"
76561198015019839,Recommended,255710,23746870,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Tooter_Fish,"Like many other fans of old Sim City games, I was really disappointed when the new one came out. Then, I heard about Cities Skylines and everything was much better! After watching a few Let's Plays - which I suggest you do - I decided to buy the game. Then 10 hours passed without me even realizing it. That's how addictive this game is - the hours fly by and it seems like only minutes.The latest updates to the game have really improved it - you can make tunnels now! Infrastructure is a big thing, and now it works a lot better. If you want even more granularity and control, head over to the Steam Workshop and grab a couple metro mods. There are a couple that let you color and name your individual metro and bus lines.If you like building cities, get this game. Plain and simple."
76561198128500678,Recommended,255710,23747893,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ArvL,Best city builder so far.
,Recommended,255710,16546654,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,KaiserRix Edselstein the Great,I love this game. I just which there was more government like buildings to build. It is weird that there no city hall or stuff like that. I mean in a real city that is important. I just think it needs more buildings to build and have a system that makes it a little more complex. Love it though!
,Recommended,255710,18623782,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,NoRDiC,"Great game with tons of features. Paradox done a very good job, again."
,Recommended,255710,15983644,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,FriedNatzie,Spent an hour trying to solve traffic issues
,Recommended,255710,23720294,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tawria💓KniveS 💛 SkinS 💚,"nice game, but i think they have to work on small things or new things like food and travel."
76561198145666728,Recommended,255710,17001177,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,karenhlimongelli,"The thing that seperates Cities: Skylines and SimCity is all the DLC and mods, the ability to expand your city, and you can practically never run out of things to do on this game. 9/10"
76561198007313218,Recommended,255710,18883031,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,UnHolyLegion,"Best thing about this game? It's not EA. This game is everything SimCity should have been. Comes with mods available too! If you miss the Sim City of old, get this game. It does everything a city sim should do and then some!"
,Recommended,255710,21321840,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,GamingMatt,"Cities: Skylines is probably the new benchmark for City-Builder games. It has so much to give, and so much to love. Not only does it allow us to create our own maps, we get to share them and more with the Steam Workshop! All the possibilities of this game makes it comparably superior to SimCity (2013). If there was one City-Builder you would want to try first, it'd definitely have to be Cities: Skylines."
76561197995793728,Recommended,255710,21313287,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Fragged,Completely satisfies my city-building erection.
,Recommended,255710,21314140,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,TiltedCube,"The City Builder Game that I knew will be expected beyond Simcity SeriesMore Detailed Gameplay, Detailed Economic and Demographic SystemAnd one that I very hate to playing City Builder Game...""Why I always getting Bankruptcy when starting new city to build!!! Why...""Oh yeah I forgot...10/10"
,Recommended,255710,21318864,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Piña_Colada,"This game is simply beautiful, i love the graphics and the simplicity, the large amount of mods on the steam workshop is also a great bonus!10/10 would recommend to buy"
76561198054906218,Recommended,255710,21321798,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Yr Mom,"This game is straight-up addicting. I was a little worried when I bought it, that it would one of those games where you get lost in the micro-management and numbers-crunching and if you don't keep every detail perfect, then everything goes to hell.But in fact, playing Cities: Skyline is straight-forward, stream-lined and actually pretty easy. You don't have to build individual buildings - just zone an area, and the buildings will sprout automatically. If your citizens are unhappy, it's easy to find out what's wrong. Dragging roads, water lines, and establishing zones has a very intuitive feel. There's a solid, steady pace to the game: you're not inundated with responsibilities, instead, they gradually accumulate as your population expands.The tutorial is sorely lacking, so for the first 30 minutes I was thoroughly confused - that was aggravating. But C:S shows you all the information you need to know with the overlays and information panels, so it's not difficult to find out what to do."
76561198114950823,Recommended,255710,15253583,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Vespy,"Cities: Skylines is everything that people wanted from Sim City 5 and Cities XL.It combines the best of those two games, and got rid of the bad stuff of them both.As a Sim City 5 pre order fool, I pirated this game first, tried it out, then bought it cause they actually deserve the money!If you like city building games, I know you have been disappointed before. But this one is very very solid!"
76561198085882486,Recommended,255710,15054811,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Murat (lehnugget),As a person that played every Sim City (except the newest one) I throughly enjoy this game. There are very in depth mechanics in this game that are not appreciated enough. The traffic system is what really impressed me. It simulates traffic engineering in real life very well. Another reason I love this game is because it already supports mods. Overall every minute of the game is interesting.10/10
76561198093149417,Recommended,255710,28814203,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Atoma231,"It's like SimCity(2013), but better."
,Recommended,255710,15056108,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,JimboHostetler,This is everything SimCity should have been and more.10/10 Best City Builder.
,Recommended,255710,18320205,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,neilhem,Definitely one of the best city simulators I have ever played!
,Recommended,255710,20629948,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,NewEngland017,"Excellent game. Brings back nostalgia of the old Sim City 4 days. If you are (or ever were) a Sim City fan, this is definitely the game we've always wanted that EA failed to deliver."
,Recommended,255710,14849514,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,cRAGGLE_Oz,Followed a CIM to work. Turns out his job is to sit outside the factory on a bench all day. Beats my job.
,Recommended,255710,23749515,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[QPO] ROOT,Cities Skylines has many details. All of systems are connected each other.When you forget something you see chaos in city. Steam Workshop is amazing.
76561198156046386,Recommended,255710,16750853,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,mathbunny,"Excellent game with a lot of mods and a very strong community. The game itself is very good for being recently released and is constantly getting updates.Here are my ratings:Graphics: 7.5/10 (It is OK but not the best... some mods can make it better)Content: 9.5/10 (Mods make it excellent)Realism: 9.5/10 (Traffic simulation could be better, ie the lane usage)Replayability: 10/10Performance: 6/10 (Extreme lag on cities ≥250,000)Overall, if the performance would be fixed then i would find myself playing the game more. However, I'm capped at playing with a population ≤100,000 people because of performance related issues. Regardless of the performance setting I would choose, the game would fail to surpass 15FPS which deems it unplayable, and I am playing this on a Core i7 2.3Ghz Nvidia GT650M 8GB DDR3 RAM... not impressed."
76561198149136237,Recommended,255710,21001635,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Eh?,"It is a good game but it has it's pros and cons.Pros:RealisticAwesome graphicsAddictiveEPICConsIt has an extremely annoying bug which makes it so no emergency vehicles come out of the hospital, police station etcThose were the pros and cons but I really want them to fix the bug."
,Recommended,255710,14937896,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,shamd,"Overview:  A simcity killer that does everything right, plain and simple.Pros:-Beautifully simple and easy to learn interface.  Took me about 5 minutes to figure out where everything was.-The ""chirp"" system of notifications is a really good way of bringing a realistic form of alerts into the game.-Tutorial is very helpful but not in the way if you already know what to do.-Map editor, asset editor, editor editor...-Endless community assets, mods, and addons-Beautiful looking and not hard to run on modern laptops.-There is an immense amount of depth to the game and it is simplified just enough to make it so youre always doing something, but youre never confused.  It is always clear what you need to do, how to do it, and why.-You can rename anything and anyone, to anything you want.Cons:-A couple of bugs (that already have community fixes)-Roads can be a bit frustrating at time.  However, updates are already rolling out concerning updating / downgrading them.-Intersections and redoing roadways when it becomes a high traffic area basically destroys any local economy based on those roadways.  Wish there was a more efficent way of upgrading intersections themselves, rather than just having them prebuilt.Final verdict:If you've been looking for a city simulator that is fun, but simcity just didnt do it for you, then this game is for you.9/10"
76561197990426151,Recommended,255710,14864906,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,AaronWestley,Far better than Cities XL. Reminds me more of classic Sim City.
76561197974925430,Recommended,255710,14865369,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Psyc0nauT,"Cities:Skylines brings the best features of SimCity and CitiesXL in a single game. Very smooth game engine, nice graphics and very... VERY addictive."
76561198021440099,Recommended,255710,14922534,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Lord_Bowler,Imagine a modern SIm City without EA and you'll get Cities: Skylines
76561197990611704,Recommended,255710,14922969,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,leezle3,"Amazing game for a small dev team. Optimization in this is 100x better than Cities XL. Everything about this game is better than Cities XL besides the graphics ( Which are in no way bad)Upgrading is easy, and this game all in all just plays great.10/10 would bulldoze your home for a criticall tweet again..."
76561198065486629,Recommended,255710,14923464,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Happily Ham,"A throwback to the old city builders.  A great way to kill hours and hours and hours.  A boat load of fun and somewhat nostalgiac.  A good price for a city builder of this calibre.  It is a perfect city builder.  Really, it is."
,Recommended,255710,14833627,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Kyu,"Extremely addictive on a level I haven't seen since SimCity 3000.It differs from the City XL series by its emphasis on roads, in contrast to the other's emphasis on zones.If you like city builders, I recommend this one."
,Recommended,255710,14829049,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,KIERAN,This is the best city simulator.
,Recommended,255710,15009260,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Ben Kata,Great game Buy it NOW
,Recommended,255710,26974435,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hype,I Love This Game
,Recommended,255710,25001162,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TheOtherASAPFerg,"A very fun game that keeps me entertained for hours. Far and away better than SimCity, but traffic AI and management is an extreme challenge in the game"
,Recommended,255710,17075487,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,theRealRLP,"Absolutely amazing game, this game is by far the best City builder out there. This game has tons of things to make your city look and work great. If you can't find something you want, just look on the workshop where you'll find a mod for pretty much everything (Yes this game supports mods).So all in all this game is amazing, I would recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,255710,16115194,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Totally Harmless,"Hey, Want to hear a joke?""SimCity is the best city builder to date""ALL PRAISE SKYLINES! THE NEW KING!"
76561198015863844,Recommended,255710,15253637,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,dj.megalodon,"Great city builder! Yes it's not perfect, but what game is! This is just a great game at a great value, and i haven't even really started with all the mods and extras the community has to offer. Must buy for any sim lover."
76561198058264675,Recommended,255710,14868917,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,DonzQ,"I only bought this game because media in Finland was praising this new Finnish game that has sold quarter million copies. I had no prior experience with city simulations and the genre didn't appeal to me at all.And now I'm hooked to this game. It's brilliant, fun, intuitive and easy to learn. Get it and play it!"
,Recommended,255710,15063832,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,$tef$arch,Beautiful game. Makes my horse shed dollar signs all over it. 8/8 m8
,Recommended,255710,14989826,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Moss,Best city building game
76561197983567795,Recommended,255710,16409554,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Wild Samich,"City building is easy, but very deep. Clean interface. Hours of fun."
76561198046607091,Recommended,255710,15931786,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,casonator,"Fun game - pretty much what Sim City should have become, had they not been taken by evil overlords.  Roads are finicky and lacks terraforming.  Other than that, great game.  9/10"
,Recommended,255710,17315774,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Heeheeheehee,"Amazing graphics, beautiful music, what can you ask for?I have been playing this game for a week already. What I did these few days were thinking hard and hard, planning my city's urban development as there were multiple problems popping up from everywhere. Jeez, it is hard and fun. Loads of fun!Browsing Steam, I discovered more city building game such as City XXL and Tropico 3, but they are far far behind from the quality and content of Cities: Skylines.What can you even ask for?29.99 USD, definitely worth it!!!"
,Recommended,255710,17268155,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Kreon22,Good city simulator which becomes great by the active and listening creators + the huge modding community. Recommend 9/10.
,Recommended,255710,14838735,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Sheepdog,"This is everything you wanted in the newest Sim city, that Maxis wouldn't give you."
,Recommended,255710,14888086,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,DCS,One of the few jewels that for me restore a bit of faith in the modern gaming-industry
,Recommended,255710,17194044,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ukgamer,Miles better than SimCity. Mods make this game even better.
,Recommended,255710,17197843,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,gelin_refira,Everything Simcity should be but never is.
76561197961216103,Recommended,255710,16582273,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jobbo,Pumped faeces into the water supply and everyone died11/10 would poison them again
76561198016938959,Recommended,255710,15010926,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,payonel,"This game is incredible. Note that some of the reviews from some well known game review establishments clearly did not play the game but used the infinite money mod and all items unlocked - and then built a megatropolis, and reviewed what the game did after that point, skipping the gameplay and challenge that it requires to even build a city that large. The time it would take to build a city as large as theirs would take upwards of a hundred hours of gameplay."
76561198029894264,Recommended,255710,14998012,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,8 m's,"This a super fun game. Basically simcity 5, but better and not on origin!"
,Recommended,255710,16733715,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Gamemaster10476,Just amazing. Literally fixed all the bs from sim city. 12/10 would build for days
,Recommended,255710,16706423,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,things,"This game is quite fun if you enjoy micro-managing everything. I personally do not so I didn't get much more than a few hours of entertainment. Without mods, the game can get kind of annoying in the later game stages where there is a lot of burned down buildings and abandoned bulding that pile up. Personally I felt that the world creator tools were clunky and hard to use. It wasn't easy to control them when scaling height for terrain.All around though it had some nice features and customization. However, I personally did not enjoy it all that much"
,Recommended,255710,14952624,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Surufka,"Fantastic game.  A really great city builder with smooth controls and a great UI.  Everything about the game screams ""THIS IS WHAT OTHER CITY BUILDERS SHOULD BE DOING"".  A must buy for anyone interested in this genre.Buy it if it is $60 or less"
,Recommended,255710,16932876,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Sentura,The first time I booted up this game 24 hours passed instantly. The second time it was 40.Don't get this game if you have pets or dependents or a job or anything else in your life that you value above playing this game. Because it is so good.
,Recommended,255710,14895209,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Commandelicious,This is the city building game everybody espected from an (in)famous AAA publisher. The other publisher made us cry and Collossal Order had two lists. One with everything we hated about the other game. They never did these errors. The other list with all the stuff we wanted and they put it in. Half the price; A hundret times the fun. Well done.
,Recommended,255710,17331470,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Trouter,I think most people stop playing after 20 hours though. And WHY do you have to build a road and delete it just to build anything else? This game needs some touch ups.
76561198006917462,Recommended,255710,17351810,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Renegade,The best citybuilder!
,Recommended,255710,15641990,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,.✪ Jaf,Best City builder simulator evar. AAA TITLE!
,Recommended,255710,17553764,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Mibit,Very good!
76561198050943185,Recommended,255710,15411931,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,15:52:33,Best city-builder ever !
,Recommended,255710,17564019,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Deathslayer [Valkyrie]̎̔͂ͬ,"this game...its stunning. Ive played it for over 20 hours, im an avid fan of citybuilders, before this game, i tried cities XL, oh boy, that game was pretty bad, but this. This is what SimCity 5 shouldve been from the start, this is one of the best citybuilding games ever made, it even goes toe to toe with simcity itself, if you havent bought this game yet, please do, its worth all the money, its worth all of your time, its amazing. And the amount of mods, oh my god, theres thousands of mods, thousands of maps and assets, if you need extra stuff, there is probably already a mod for that.all in all, get this game, its worth every penny, its worth more than that, id buy this game as a 60 euro release, its worth that much in my opinion."
76561198068880306,Recommended,255710,24338797,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,NewFaggot,"Says its available on Mac but doesn't support any Macs' graphics cards. Its a good game, but if you have a Mac i'd check your graphics card before buying."
,Recommended,255710,17120360,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Erathresh,"This game is currently the best city builder around.  If you have ever enjoyed a SimCity game, then I would highly recommend picking this up.  It's insanely moddable, and the maps are huge, especially if you mod out the default size limit.  Just a word of warning though -- if your computer is very old or underpowered, you may have trouble coping with a city with over 100,000 residents, especially if your game is heavily modded.  My computer just about hits the recommended settings, so it struggles a bit with my 130,000 population city if I run any other program at all in the background.As with any city builder, there isn't much to do once you unlock all of the buildings and do most of what you set out to do, but it's extremely addicting to keep growing your city and managing the inevitable problems that a massive city comes with.EDIT: I have a new rig and this game runs very, very smoothly now, 100+ FPS.  It's apparently very processor-intensive, so keep that in mind if you have a very old processor.  My old computer had a 2.93 GHz quad core i-7, and it could just about handle it.  If you have something beefier than that and a decent GPU, you should have no problem.  Anything less and you might run into trouble."
,Recommended,255710,30512702,Posted: 14 March,all,yohnsy,"The game that I have been waiting for long.Since Simcity series stalled with 4, I was left doodling with the community mods and all their endless creativities to keep the game going for more than 5 years. But then came along Cities XL. All of the Simcity 4 players were hooked and promised to ""migrate"" there, as the game tries to be the spiritual successor of the seemingly dead Simcity series. But it just failed. The lag, the emptiness, the simulation isn't alive, and somehow the community and all.the creative modder didn't move.Now, I am also down by $60 from 2013's Simcity pre-order. Months of unplayability aside, patches after patches, it is simply to say, everything is perfect except the city size. Yes, the simulation is weird, there is little mod support, and DLCs started churning out, but the community is still stuck with Simcity 4, relying on its massive custom contents to produce superior city-building experience.Now we were in 2015. In dilemma between Cities XXL and this game. Still, in doubt 2 years on, after I purchase the supposedly ""correct game"". But after browsing through hundreds of Workshop items, watching amazing city builds, and especially that Lindblum city by CreativeDEX, now I am convinced that I have made the right move. It was sort of confirmation that only, and only this game can finally show us realistic city in game, well, not just visually, but also from its simulation aspects. But boy, would you just look at the stunning realism of Lindblum.To loyal Simcity players: yes, this is the place now, move here, invest your time here, unleash your creativity here, in this game, You will find it rewarding!Have my money Paradox! Keep the free updates and the development coming!"
76561198046680858,Recommended,255710,30519271,Posted: 14 March,all,RⒷoiiii,10/10
76561197970499534,Recommended,255710,16807002,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,AwfulRob,Everything Simcity should have been.  My only complaint is that it's all a bit too easy and eventually becomes a traffic management game
76561198202373309,Recommended,255710,16885391,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Rob The Builder,"The best city-building game I have ever played in my whole life...Sure, the Simcity series was good, but there are things about this game that aren't so bad at all...-this game isnt a total ripoff, youll be dang lucky to get a good deal of $39.99 on a deluxe edition-this game has steam workshop, unlike simcity where you download stuff and might get viruses trying to install 1 single mod-unlike simcity, you get to expand 1 single city instead of simcity, making a lot of cities in one single area-cities xxl is a complete ripoff, where its basically a sequel to cities xl-Cities: Skylines has been #1 city building game ever since it came out, making simcity not that popular anymore"
76561198060421127,Recommended,255710,16916941,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,S1ickReed,"I havnt been into a city builder since I was a kid but  love City Skylines. Very intuitive UI, fun MODS, beautiful graphics and the game runs like a dream on my laptop and desktop. This game is a must have."
76561198019801317,Recommended,255710,16924433,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,smuel,By far the best city builder I've played and getting better all the time.
76561198026469113,Recommended,255710,16831843,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Miki,"Wow, its what a city building sim should be like. Very refreshing to play a game that actually makes you think about how to design a highway intersection, forces you to build roads that comply with the terrain (you need to weave the roads up the mountain) and give semi-realistic hydro power station dams to play with (nice way to flood your city). There are also no ""magical""buildings that will clear your pollution. You can get creative with building your infrastructure and send things underground whenever/whereever you want.Its a great game, and clearly worth more than the $30 they are asking. If they keep this up, they will own this genre for some time to come."
76561198186601210,Recommended,255710,16887866,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,lac2004,good game over all i enjoyed takeing away the fire department and waching them burn 11/10
,Recommended,255710,17641026,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,[ATC]Lyndiman,A surprising success after Cities in Motion wasn't that great. This is probably one of the best buys in recent years. Prepare for a game that is easy to play but difficult to master. Once your cities get beyond a certain size you'll need to start employing some strategies around policies and transport to stop your city from grinding to a halt and crumbling.Mod support too!
76561198030929654,Recommended,255710,17800092,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Brian84,"I can just recommend this awesome game,the game is just much better then all it`s competitors like sims city or other games, because it opens you a much bigger variety of things you can do, it`s just great!I personally like to mod for my self and my friends and sometimes for the community, and normally it is very ignoring to mod a game because you have to always restart and reupload the model to the game, but because of the asset editor it is really easy and fun to make new models or other things.I can just recommend this game!"
,Recommended,255710,17761189,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Artiensign,"Cities Skylines is awsome, I highly reccomend it. The worst thing i can say is that the traffic is hard to controll when you get a larger city going. There are so many great mods and assets on the workshop, its incredable."
,Recommended,255710,18024531,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Cringy Doggolord,"While the game has its flaws, (I'm talking about you, Mr. Not Enough Workers!) the game is fantastic. It is basically like the Sim City games, but not crappy like the most recent one. The game is beautiful, and runs smoothly. Building is super easy, especially with roads. The game is fun and challenging, perfect for a typical Sim City fan."
,Recommended,255710,18220919,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,piffpaffjoe,Best city builder ever!
,Recommended,255710,18178844,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,willyd09,Probably one of the most versitile and resposinsive city builders of all time.
,Recommended,255710,15922491,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,TheMiniMan1,"Cities: Skylines is by far, the most in-depth and detailed city-building game I have ever played. Never before has your city felt as alive as it does in this game. Probably the best part of all is the built-in workshop support, as it allows for glitches to be easily fixed, and little problems to be easily tweaked by the community. Overall, Cities: Skylines is a fantastic game, so why don't you already have it?"
,Recommended,255710,18155796,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Milambervonkelewan,"days are to short to play the game, i need more time and less work. i love it!!!!"
76561198020881431,Recommended,255710,18170376,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Wakko,"The best city builder out there! Awesome mod support, awesome company! Just a awesome city builder."
76561198030351216,Recommended,255710,18171198,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,eHzxz,Very Good!
76561198026887977,Recommended,255710,18171483,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,SledgeFox,The best sim City game in my opinion. I highly recommend it!
76561198006757028,Recommended,255710,18171583,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Slippin Jimmy,Greatest city building game ever made.
,Recommended,255710,18171682,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,phil2415,"This is the true successor to SimCity. After Maxis pulled off the impressive trick of turning the best-loved city sim of all time into a joke with their 2013 SimCity release, Paradox came along and showed them how it should have been done with the truly amazing Cities Skylines. The simulation is rich and believable, the scope for building is enormous, the modding community has been not only admitted but embraced and allowed to enhance the game. The developers of this title show a clear and focused vision of what the game should be, and a complete understanding of what the players want. If you like sim games, prepare to lose many hours of your life, in the best possible way, playing Cities Skylines."
,Recommended,255710,18171700,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Nucloid,Its' a very well done game. It's challenging without making the game impossible.
,Recommended,255710,18173218,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Intefin,"Great Game with great workshop support for unlimited fun with tons of mods and custom in game assets. I have been playing ever since launch and I still really enjoy it,"
,Recommended,255710,18173661,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,BamaMedic,"I have played my fair share of Simulation games. And unlike the other saturated genres, simulation games (good ones) are VERY few and far between. Especially City building games. But this game is phenomenal. I love it. It doesn't get stagnant or reptitive like Sim Cities 4. I highly suggest this game. The learning curve is great for those of you who have never played a city building game. And the devs are amazing when it comes to PR and adding more content."
,Recommended,255710,18173870,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,themrkizza,"Cities skylines..... Oh.... What a game, what a game indeed. Growing up with the classic city building games like Simscity 2000 and 4 i was among the many disapointed with the latest game in that franchise, so much so i nearly gave up on the genere all together. but this game brought it back for me.There are so many good features in this game i don't even know where to start, so i won't! i want you guys to buy it and exprence it yourself. i know you'll thank me!11/10 would be happy to buy 11 times"
76561198095306868,Recommended,255710,18175607,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Gepizi Rader,If you love city building this is the game for you!
,Recommended,255710,18169014,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Gnomeria,So much better than the new simcity
,Recommended,255710,18169058,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Watch,Amazing game
,Recommended,255710,18169352,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,FolkBear,Amazing game Its like SimCity done right!
,Recommended,255710,18169499,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Adonis VII,"Everything I'd hope for and more with a City Builder! The price for what you get is amazing, and I wouldn't have minded paying more.  The modding API, allows a multiude of mods, especially considering the game is built off of Unity.  Just as Bethesda games become amazing by offering a strong game and platform through which modders elevate teh game, so are modders elevating Cities Skylines to horizons not thought possible when first released! And that was only in March! The first DLC has amazing new features, the core of which are free thought additions for full package cost, but at an acceptable price point.  There is no pressure to buy a thousand transactions and the game isn't artificially gated making it seem cheap but with hidden expenses.  It rewards different types of play styles and doesn't pressure you to recruit friends or hit goals counter to your playstyle. Definately a fantastic game.  I look forward to continued work, both by the devs and modding community!"
76561197969580952,Recommended,255710,14925734,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Daveyyy,"Reticulating Splines,,,,Seriously, this is the second coming of Sim City 4. We can all pretend Sim City 5 never happened now. Even though this game shamelessy rips off many aspects of Sim City 5, Skylines does it all x100.  Complex, great graphics and HUGE CITIES."
,Recommended,255710,20251049,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Alfonso Matador,Really good city builder game. I can't seem to progress really far without using the Unlimited Money mod but it's still fun nonetheless. I just hope people stop waiting for the bus for 2 days on the bus stop.
,Recommended,255710,17124170,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,[LSG] RAMBO,"I grew up playing City building games. The latests Sim cities have left me not wanting to play this genre anymore then Cities Skyline came. Love this game, Does everything right that Sim City should have done. On steam with the modding scene its just brilliant.10/10"
,Recommended,255710,18123738,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,AlienNutsackInvader,"Cities: Skylines+ Roads - Highly realistic/ challanging road mechanics, traffic jams can cripple higher population cities if roads are not placed right, VERY VERY satisfying when done right+ Transportation - Metro, Subway, Train (Cargo and Public), Ship (Cargo and Public), and Air+ City Services - Education, Fire, Police, Medical, Electrical, Water and Sewage, and Garbage+ Variations - Multiple types of industry, two types of residential, and two types of commerical+ Decorations - Usefull parks, monuments, trees, and more. Both visually pleasing and functional+ Mods - 20,000 + Mods, many game changing mods that are very fun, maps and building mods and variation- Diminishing Entertainment - when the city grows you start running out of things to do slowely- Maps - 10 or so maps and many are similair (mods do add lots)- Difficulty - Not that hard, slightly to easyOverall - 9/10 When DLC's and Expansions start droping this game will improve becuase it is a very strong foundation for a long and prosperous game, it is a fun game and well worth the money but needs some more content to keep your entertainment and intrest up."
,Recommended,255710,21163049,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SaturnsVoid,"Fun game, I love to play it in my spare time. If you are a loner like me you can still have fun!(Also kinda fun to kill all your people, hahaha)"
,Recommended,255710,14840115,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Dirtbag Dave,"This game is fantastic, huge size, large selections of buildings, great graphics, and amazing mod tools. This game fixes all issues in EA's garbage. Great buy."
76561198059520771,Recommended,255710,15176538,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Mookiebear 1020,This game is groovy.  There are alot of issues and bugs for Mac and Linux that need to be worked out still.  Be patient humans.  I am missing a ton of terrain modifying options in the Map Editor....so.....I am playing other games until they get er done.  BUT!  From what I have played this game is neato-completo.  Good jobs Devs.
76561197973149646,Recommended,255710,29799339,Posted: 9 February,all,garyp156,"I liked this Cities, but it kind of felt like Sim City, except it worked. Build a city and manage everything.  It's more fun building then Sim City ever was.  There are tons of mods for this game - look them up.  Mods that let you change the roads and make better overpasses.I played it all day the first Saturday I got it, and I still play it once in a while.The downside?  Remember that stupid papercip from Microsoft called clippy?  He's alive and well and is called Chirper.  I want Chirper gone."
,Recommended,255710,29576834,Posted: 29 January,all,GS_Gaming,"I bought this game hoping for a breathtaking experience of what a city simulation builder should be.I got into the game and was greeted with a very nice menu with some nice music to add a bit of atmosphere to the game which I liked but at times it got kind of annoying forcing me to turn the music of.I got into the game and had a bunch of responibilites to do as expected from a city building game at first it took getting use to as i have not played many city builders in my time so if you are in the same situation i was you may struggle at getting to grips with the game at first which is frustrating because the first responibilities keep your city going if done, there is plenty of begginers guides on Youtube though and they should teach you within 10 minutes of how to get the basics of this game.Once i got the basics of the game, i was enjoying it it had really good features like, bans, tax rises, even a smoking ban stuff like this can really help your city, i also like the in depth stats so like traffic and so on it the stats really show you enough to guide you on and know what you need to do when fixing a problem which is great!The people, well the people that populate your city are well to say the least demanding which is expected when they have no power or water once they have the basics though it always seems they have something to complain about and create a problem out of nothing which can be anoying so you have to keep on top of your people.Some things i would like to bring up, is the realism of the game i see a lot of people comparing this to Sim City, having never played Sim City i have heard of a lot of people that Skylines is the more advanced and realistic game which well benefit you depending what sort of player you are but anyway as i was saying the realism of the game!I find it great i love stuff from rising water levels, to just traffic which brings me on to another point about this game that i found great, traffic has a purpose instead of just wandering around everyone you see in traffic is going somewhere which really add's to the realism of the game.So the negatives, well like every game this game has it's negatives as well so let's get on to it.Although a good game, it's negatives well aint really full on negatives but i would count them as coming across as negatives and they are!Repitivnes, like every game it get's a bit boring and after a while i feel once you have made a few worlds and done everything on this which is achievable to do in a fast amount of time the game get's boring, but if you really like these sort of games then i can see you having a good time with this!So should you buy this game?YES! this game is currently retailing at £5.94 at♥♥♥♥♥Com so i mean you can not really go wrong with that i would pay more then that for this game so for it to be so cheap, it is really a must have!"
,Recommended,255710,21371519,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Labons,better than simcity
,Recommended,255710,29589845,Posted: 30 January,all,Hong Meiling,"This is a good game. That said, I reason I really like this game is it provides you everything that you would expect. you need to build water pumps and pipes, but then there are things like building powerlines and small little details that make this game slightly better then simcity. All in all I would defently pick this game up when it goes on sale. great price for a good game."
76561197976544383,Recommended,255710,24612520,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Mighty,"Sim city as it should be. together with workshop, this game is endless."
,Recommended,255710,28213366,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Nook,"You will lose track of time playing this, and the modding community is amazing"
76561198124601968,Recommended,255710,29517185,Posted: 27 January,all,Durry,Good game. Fun. Realistic. If you are interested in the game go ahead it is a good investment.
,Recommended,255710,29511780,Posted: 26 January,all,Bearaids,"First time I played this game, it was 2pm in the afternoon. I got a bunch of texts from my friend that I totally missed. Next time I looked at the clock it was 5pm. What was odd is when I responded , it showed another date...9.5/10 With rice.Be sure to check out the workshop. Sweetens the experience tenfold."
,Recommended,255710,24604380,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Otaku,At 134 hours I guess I can come up with a review for this game now...... no wait... I can't.
,Recommended,255710,15484994,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MrCheez0,"This game is pretty awesome. It's the city building genre at it finest. (almost) Everything that went wrong in other city building games has been fixed with this. It improves on so many aspects, and brings a few new concepts. The traffic is so complex and, to be honest, addicting to mess with, but this game is a definite buy."
,Recommended,255710,24461475,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,AXZERO,"Good gameBuy now10/10 would not buy again, but still cool"
76561198032023737,Recommended,255710,24735470,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,DevilSpeed,"Just stunningly superb. My itch has'nt been schratched like this since theme hospital.The developers have done some proper engineering with this one, and the quality of the job done is ever present. The game runs super-smooth, even when all the stuff that is going on, and all the stuff being fully and beautifully rendered, should be enough to bring even a full gaming-rigg to it's knees. Even disregarding the gameplay itself, it is simply stunning how well optimised the engine is.And the gameplay... No words. The youtuber NerdCubed summed it up perfectly in one of his videos covering one of the DLC updates: ""This game is pure heroin!"" - Nerd3. [Edit: It was actually in his latest video about Factorio he said that, not Cities, but he was equally in love with both games still, as both made his top10 of the year awards...]Workshop integration with a active, content-creating community, this game makes it easily into my top ten EVER games...I fully recommend this game, and even if you are not necissarily a fan of this genre, you might still like this game in particular, as it is nothing short of a true piece of art!"
,Recommended,255710,24519669,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,baecon-,"A modern city builder with many ways to expand your city!I bought the game on sale and I can proudly say that I don't regret it! I think the DLCs are a bit overpriced for what they offer, but when they are on sale, the price is much better! And I'm going to get both, Snowfall andAfter Dark(Now I own that one at least!].This game is made for creative players and those who aren't as creative might get bored after some time. I'm one of those who are not that creative, but I don't get bored that quickly.ConclusionI recommend buying the game and the DLCs on sale only. Otherwise you might regret paying so much money. But if you own the game, you should consider grabbing the DLCs,who are slightly overpriced for the things they offer, to get the best out of it!"
76561198138391940,Recommended,255710,22013022,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,TommeT,nice
,Recommended,255710,24512176,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Smellblood95,"A very good city building game with lots of ways to create your own city.Be aware however that you cannot fast forward as much anymore when your city gets bigger. So the larger your city, the longer its gonna take."
,Recommended,255710,19687773,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,_Juri_,Highly entertaining and detailed city simulator! It is a perfect game combined with awesome comunity adding more and more content.
,Recommended,255710,23221225,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Number One Piano Player,"Used to be pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥, still kinda is slightly. Paradox doesn't give a f*ck about new players and it takes a f*cking millenium to load. Takes 2 milleniums to actually get into a ""World.""Good Things:-Great workshop.-Community is great at responding to questions (Paradox cannot be bothered)-Once you create a good ""City,"" you will enjoy it (However, newbies, you will have to watch many YouTube tutorials <3)"
,Recommended,255710,18194129,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,ClockworkNinja,"Definitely the best option for city builder games, especially after the controversy involving SimCity and Cities XL/XXL, the only other big names in city builders. It's the cheapest in price, but far from poorest quality. If anybody has enjoyed city building games in the past, and have been disappointed in the lack of quality from other games, definitely pick this up."
76561198033207685,Recommended,255710,15026781,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,vineetv76,Love the pure city building without boundries of a small city. However contents could be richer to make it more interesting as the city grow bigger. There is not much left to achieve once you reach a 75K + city.Still a top game.
76561197970671558,Recommended,255710,24633600,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,_your_mum_,Best City simulation game ever. Unbelievably good traffic especially when you add some of the mods in. Not too difficult and really hard to put down.
,Recommended,255710,23998786,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Napalm3030,"Tons of fun, excellent workshop content."
,Recommended,255710,24032896,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Jet,What simcity should have been...
,Recommended,255710,24035725,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[REDi]1R REC Bake,Lost many nights playing this game.10/10 Would build again.
,Recommended,255710,28233602,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Romanov,bought it a few days ago and POOF! I spend almost 74 hours playing this game. Recommended for long sitting session. Beer is optional if that's your thing.
76561198020145132,Recommended,255710,14844928,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Shrute Farm Beets,10/10 amazing game best city simulator i have ever played
,Recommended,255710,14887312,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Exavier126,"The best city builder that I have ever played (and I have played quite a few). While I was burned by the most recent Sim City, Cities: Skylines takes the good aspects of that game and incorporates them into a reimagining of the fantastic Sim City 4. Moreover, things just work the way you would expect them to. While Sim City 4 inspired your creativity, sometimes it felt like you were just imagining that the systems were allowing you to acheive cool goals. In Cities Skylines, the systems are transparent enough to let you know when your ideas are working, allowing you to see how your innovative thinking pays off.If I have any qualms with this game, it is simply the paucity of unique buildings at this point. Luckily, the developers seem to be hard and work on new content and have created some powerful and easy-to-use modding tools and full Steam Workshop support to allow the community to mold the game in a way that no Sim City ever allowed.This game would be a must-buy at $50 or $60, but at $30, it's a bloody steal. If you have any interest in city builders, buy this no."
,Recommended,255710,14830271,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,«SRN» themisfitjoe,"This game is what Sim City 5 should have been.I've dumped a couple hundred hours into the disappointing EA SimCity, and after playing this game for a few hours, I uninstalled SimCity, and will never play it again.I would highly recommend this title for those interested in the genre"
,Recommended,255710,14926820,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Lead Magnet,"As much as I ""wanted"" to love SimCity2013, Cities: Skylines has delivered a great release who will do nothing but get better over time thanks to their thoughtful approach to supporting to modder's community. It's well worth the cost of admission and I'll likely spend 100's of hours with it. It's a must buy for anyone that like city building games."
76561198033165044,Recommended,255710,14932786,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Umbra,"Finally! An extensive City building simulator to rival those of SimCity 4.After the flop of Simcity 5 (2013), Cities: Skylines brings a much more fullfilling city building experience that I personally haven't had since SimCity 4 with mods back in the day.Cities Skylines also uses the graphical fidelity of SimCity 5, and uses full persistent traffic and demand in any city that you build.It is also great that Colossal Order have enabled extensive mod support for this game, as it takes the game that one step further, and after watching some of the pre-release strreams with Devs, this is something that they plan to develop upon for years to come!With this, we shall finally have the city builder to rule them all!Excellent work to Colossal Order and Paradox for this near flawless game, with amazing potential."
,Recommended,255710,14904256,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,JamesP,"I have played 2 hours of this game so far, and I am already impressed- This is also one of my first reviews.I really, really like this game. Colossal Order and Paradox did a BRILLIANT job with this game, it feels so good to play, the mechanics are great and it has a better feel that SimCity.I like the style of this game, unlike Tropico games where building is very specific as in you have to place each individual building on it's own, this game has a bigger feel in size.Don't get me wrong, the Tropico games like 3 & 5 are amazing but Cities: Skylines feels more general in building with the different zones.So far, I have not come across any issues and/or bugs and glitches which is brilliant.I am looking forward to future content that may get released, and I heard that they are doing like a few years worth of updates which is brilliant.Great job Paradox and Colossal. I give a solid 10/10"
,Recommended,255710,14833147,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Badabam,"AFTER OUR FUNDING HAD BEEN CUT BACK, THIS SHOWS UP.I TOLD YOU. I TOLD YOU, YOU WOULD REGRET THIS ELECTRONIC ARTS.I'M NOT HAPPY ABOUT IT, BUT 10/10."
76561198016997126,Recommended,255710,14936218,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,altenter,"It puts Simcity to shame, makes simcity look like it was crackworkshop just makes this game a whole lot of more fun"
,Recommended,255710,14840196,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,The Sandvich Guardian,"The best citybuilder to come out since Simcity 4. Cities is everything you want from this genre, as there is so much content in the game and a lot of planning and managing to do. With full workshop support there is so much to do with this game. Buy this if you enjoy games like the old Simcities or other city builder games."
76561198046765275,Recommended,255710,14934884,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Microsoft PowerPoint,After playing a lot of citybuilding games - starting from SC2000... And this is far the best citybuilding game I've played!+ Water dynamics. Ah. Making your own map and you can make water flow just the way you want it to.+ Everything seems to be simulated. You can realistically see where the roads get blocked.+ And making those roads? Bliss. You can create them just the way you want.+ Mods+ Easy use of workshop+ Good pricing.- Save issues now and then.- Upgrading zones isn't as easy as upgrading roads.
76561197970828289,Recommended,255710,14937993,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,RLJSlick,"The city building game, I wanted SimCity to be. Excellent and very deep, city building game, with HUGE maps, and tons to do.  Maxis and Simcity kinda lost its way, took out all the fun things that made micromanaging a city fun.  Cities: Skylines brought it all back, with so much more!!The game isn't yet as polished as Sim City, the menu seems are a bit odd, but the depth and  details of the game really made up for it.  With mods, and promised updates, this is the game to play for city building!"
,Recommended,255710,14903865,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Bort,"Great game. Cities are over 9 times bigger than Sim City's cities, 25x with mods."
,Recommended,255710,14936336,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,dad,"This game is of course all that simcity 2013 was supposed to be. It's glorious. If you're still playing Simcity 4, I urge you to buy this game. If you enjoy city builders, I urge you to buy this game. If you like video games, buy this game. It's pretty sweet."
,Recommended,255710,14940092,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,RustySpoon,"Worked on launch day, A+."
,Recommended,255710,14876086,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Sippin',This is the Simcity 2013 we deserved. Just buy it. Trust me.
76561197989509231,Recommended,255710,14939844,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Blaze,Amazing game this is what simcity should have been!!!!!!!
76561197960869436,Recommended,255710,14949216,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,eterNaLk1ng[1^],"really addicting game. i purchased simcity a few weeks after its disastrious launch since i was a simfanatic. this game is what simcity 2013 should have been. mod support, large maps, great detail and content, and all for UNDER $40. worth every penny."
,Recommended,255710,14825722,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Ⓐlex Slime,"When I first got the game, all I could get was a black screen when I launched it. putting -windowed into the launch options seems to have fixed it for some people but it did nothing for me, I ended up reinstalling it, and restarting steam and that fixed it.Now that I've actually had a few hours to play it, I would definitely recomend it. It's a bit lite on content at the moment, but DLC, and mods will help that over time, and the quality of the base game for the price is excelent."
76561197972739253,Recommended,255710,14873051,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,dazld,"Its not pretty, but it does play ok with an intel iris GPU on a macbook pro.Game is lovely!"
76561197975419503,Recommended,255710,14872036,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Rasvarmo,"Thank you so much, I've been waiting for a game like this for ten years."
76561198021519814,Recommended,255710,14829033,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Condorscondor,This is the City builder i have waited years for. what are YOU waitin for!? BUY IT
,Recommended,255710,14953580,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Babycham,Just a note to say that despite the minimum system requirements stating that Intel Integrated graphics aren't supported I've had no issue running this game with intel hd graphics 4000 on a laptop with an i5 and 8gb RAM.
,Recommended,255710,14971407,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,dzgndrtyzl,"for years, there hasn't been a game like this. every aspect of it was carefully considered. nothing very unrealistic happens in the game. and the devs respond to every single problem, question and recommendation on every social platform. they are taking this serious and willing to cooperate with the community. there is a reason why this game is currently on top of the ""bestsellers"" list.buy it and you won't regret one single second (and penny) you spent for it."
,Recommended,255710,14865687,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,pancakewizard,"Pluses to why you should get the game:---No forced online only modeBig citiesPlanned content expansionsResponsive dev team from Steam and Reddit feedbackDay 1 Mod supportCloud SavesThere really hasn't been a game like this in yearsWe all got our hopes up and crushed from SimCity 2013, hoping for basically SimCity 2000+4 with better graphics. After that rehashed released of Cities XXL, Banished seemed to be the only 'city builder' game worth playing. I've already put close to 100 hours into Banished and wanted something more on a meta level. Well Cities: Skylines is it!!!I want to try out mods but I'm not sure if it will prevent achievements from popping.Other things I enjoy are how smooth the game runs (tested on 8core 4ghz, 16gb ram, ssd, gtx780). Cities XXL and even Banished ran at low frames after awhile, this game does not.I don't like the fact it doesn't have auto saves, that's really my only complaint. Last night, I spent 2 hours on my town and for some reason stopped getting oil for my power plant which caused the city to lose all money and most of the population. I guess I should have been saving but figured it was assumed based on other city builders."
76561197970503345,Recommended,255710,14855272,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,verse,"Support this game, after the fiasco of the last Sim City game this game is refreshing revival of the genre"
,Recommended,255710,14861838,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,#NumberTwo,A city building that i've been looking for a long time.
,Recommended,255710,14833658,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,-DDP-JoeTheLubricator™,After seeing birgirpalls video i bought it. ♥♥♥♥ my life. Citizens drank poo water and died 11/10 would drink again.
,Recommended,255710,14844563,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Pumpkin Spice Wo,The the city sim I was looking for to replace the joke of Sim City 2013. U BAI NAO.
,Recommended,255710,14956483,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,turtlepimplord,"Never played city-builders before but I love this so far.My experience so far:City 1: lol noCity 2: BankruptCity 3: Not enough money for police, clinics, or fire dept. so high crime rate, everyone is sick, and industrial part of town was on fire10/10"
,Recommended,255710,15004418,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,[Black][Navy Net.]Nav,"When I first bought Cities: Skylines, I questioned if it would really be as good as the other reviews said. After playing it, I can attest to the high quality of this game. The map size is huge, the gameplay is fun, and the game has yet to get boring."
76561198051212302,Recommended,255710,15280691,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,BigBoss,love it! one of the best city sims i have played!
76561198038953547,Recommended,255710,14897153,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Professor Meowington,"This is an awesome game, and doesnt even cost 50 bucks.Go buy it NOW, the developers did everything right.Also we need to top the simcity sales to slap EA in the face."
,Recommended,255710,14981446,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Baby B,I love this game only three changes I would suggest. 1 Railroads can cross roads. 2 EMS able to bypass trafic. 3 EMS only roads.
76561197991344117,Recommended,255710,14981532,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Victari,"Basically if you like city builder games, you need to play this one.pros-The menus are functional and streamlined with little or no fluff.-The mechanics are intuitive and simple, yet, difficult to master and balance.-Actual thought needs to go into planning out your city.-Game fully utilizes mods and the steam workshop (more games need to do this)-Nicely addictive gameplay. Prepare to lose a few days to this one.-Price point. At $30 this game is great value for money-City size. while the standard game will eventually let you purchase 9 2x2km squares, mods will let you buy up to 25.-This game run very well on my rig, and looks great too.Cons- I would have liked to see more buildings, only having a firehouse and a firestation for example feels lackluster. But mods can and do fix this issue.- AI can be a bit doofy sometimes. cars will stop in the middle of the road sometimes for no apparent reason causing traffic jams. Realistic I suppose but a little frustrating when one dummy clogs up a whole interchange. They also tend to drive all in single file lines a lot not using all of your nice 3 lane highways or strategically placed roundabouts.- The menus kinda look like cheap Iphone apps or something to me. they just dont have the polish that I was expecting. I am ok with this though, they are completely functional and it feels like the effort saved on not making the menus flashy was put into making the gameplay interesting.Other thoughts:This game can be very unforgiving. This may be a + or a - for you depending on how difficult you like it, but expect your city to die of plague or something first few times you play. My first city lost 40k population because everyone was over educated and wouldn't work in standard industry, and because my industry was dying, no goods were being produced and the economy crashed. I now know how to fix this, but it took some trial and error. I suppose I was lucky as it seems many other people's first cities died in toxic clouds of poo gas. 8.5/10 not perfect, but pretty dang good."
76561198030093099,Recommended,255710,17359651,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Spudgun117,Best city sim game by far! Highly Reccomended!
,Recommended,255710,17897307,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,B5oard,10x better than sims city
,Recommended,255710,21123997,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,bagas95141,"The Good of Cities Skylines :+You can build a big scope of big city+The change of getting a profit in order to expand an area of the city is 70:30.....or 90:10 , which is good...depending from how you  manage it+The scale of the city are outstanding , beautiful , gorgeus , amazing , and also makes you wanna live there+With Mod , everything can be so fun , especially when it comes to create the city more impressive+It is way more better than the previous leading of the genre , SimCity series+Even without the features of Disaster effects and random event , the game still impress me with the the detail of the big city . But with that kind of random event and disaster effects could make the game getting worse+My favorite Mod so far is the First-Person View Mod , you can see the scope of the city that you create by becoming the Citizen of the city and explore it everytime you want ... AWESOME !!!!+It's suitable for every age , from the young one to the old one+The graphics are so immersive and giving the sense of big city is like+The musical score was more better than the previous SimCity series . But still can recreate the sense of big city+It's only 2 GB size of HDD storage , with 4 until 6 GB of RAM , but still can make the whole fun things from the first 40 hours of gameplay (which is LONG and GOOD) , untl to the next hoursThe Bad of Cities Skylines :-I can't open for more expanding area . Alhthough you can open one area in one map until 100 km2 , but i want more than that , like i can open the entire map (324 km2)  so i can see more open world of the game's environment . I hope this one will be considered in the their new series or updateIf you still keep yourself hoping for a kind of a City-Building game , grab your wallet and and see if there's still 15$ and BUY THIS GAME , IT'S REALLY AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,255710,18541807,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Alecxkzs,This game has brought tears to my eyes every other hour i've played it. Amazing! Beautiful! Outragious!Simply a masterpiece of cinema.
76561198011895512,Recommended,255710,21334493,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Civil,"The best city builder I've played in a long time.If you like city builders, you already know it's worth a try!"
,Recommended,255710,21289368,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Patagonian Duck,9/10 wish there was way to burn people alive so traffic wouldnt be such a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥of a problem
,Recommended,255710,15648229,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,HoodyNinja72,"Mods, so many mods.It was the mods that really made me want to get the game. There's so many you can get and customize especially when choosing from a whole list of thousands of assests. The game in general is built pretty well. Like everyone else has said, it was what SimCity 5 should've been. 100% agree."
,Recommended,255710,18167499,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Fundevin,"This game is a must for anyone who likes simple city building, to complicated traffic operations. It is great for all ages and fun to play."
,Recommended,255710,18139067,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,burnout26,Very fun game just wish I could get a bit better fps and that the game wouldnt freeze/crash when I exit out of the game.
,Recommended,255710,21238386,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,¥ung_Salad,"Were you excited for SimCity 2013? Were you then promptly disappointed with SimCity 2013? Then get excited for Cities: Skylines, but leave out the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ disappointed part.Quick Summary: Cities: Skylines aspires to be everything SimCity promised to be. Highly customizable, moddable, large scale...the list goes on. For the most part Cities exceeds at everything it aimed to do, and at a great price point. If you love making your Cities, and not having to think about worrisome volcanoes rising from the ground and alien invasions destroying your city, Cities: Skylines may just be the perfect city simulator for you.Positives:-EASY TO MOD. This is by far the best part of this game. The community is active in developing important/essential mods to improve gameplay and interactivity. There are also built in asset tools, which means you can boot up the game and make your own building or map and upload it to the workshop or just use it for yourself!-Active developers, that are adding new content every couple of months through paid DLC. Although if you do not want to pay for DLC, non-paying players will still get some of the features from the DLC.-LARGE SCALE CITIES! Yes, you can have a city with 1,000,000 people in it. Or you can have a small village of only 500. It's up to you! Cities gives you tons of space to experiment with. 9 tiles max in unmodded gameplay, which adds up to 6x6km, or with a mod you can get up to 10x10km. Much larger than SimCity provided.-Great price for what you get. At $30 dollars base and $12 or so per DLC this game comes out to be an amazing deal for the potentially endless city building entertainment you get.Downsides:-EASY TO MOD. It's a double edged sword...there are many basic flaws in the game (no easy public transportation management panel, no built in day/night changer, no in game terraforming tool etc.) that the developers have seemingly passed off to the modders to deal with. None of these issues are huge, but it is certainly sad to see, considering the massive potential of this game.-No modular buildings (except for modded buildings which can be finnicky). Lets say you have a school in SimCity, and you are over capacity. Simply add another wing to the school! In Cities, the buildings are not able to be added on to in a modular fashion. Not a huge gripe, but a downside none the less.-No real difficulty curve. While there is a hardcore mode, which enables huge death waves, plagues and city-wide fires, Cities is extremely easy to manage once you have a hang of the basics. In survival it is normal to see massive reserves of cash that the player will never really end up digging into.-Seemingly uncurable city collapses. So, this contradicts the last downside to an extent. This can be a game-breaking bug which causes your city to catch the plague and never return to it's healthy self. This is a RARE bug, and I have only had it happen once out of my 15-20 cities, but there is evidence that it has happened to others. This is more of a heads up than a true downside.Overview: Cities: Skylines is the best city simulation game on the market right now. It's ability to be modded in any which way, and with such ease, makes it easy to customize your gameplay exactly how you like it. Whether it's building an insane city with roads going straight up and through eachother, or building your perfectly designed metropolis, there's always something on the workshop that will catch your eye and your imagination. The community is what made Cities the amazing and endless sandbox that it is today, and that is what will continue to make it an amazing game into the future. If you love making pretty stuff, and not having to worry about the bully on the playground ruining your sandcastle, then Cities should be a no-brainer for you."
76561198149721625,Recommended,255710,15930394,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,QueQue,this is one of the best city building games i have ever played. i cant even begin do describe how much i enjoy playing this. everything is so well streamlined. from the main menu to the map creator tool. its just awesome. the developers really put there soul into this game.
76561198185261111,Recommended,255710,17525304,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,xfalcon_,"Even though the 'Release hype' is now over and this game has been hanging around for a while, I would still reccomend it. This game gets the balance of micro-management and general care of your city just right, with fun and captivating gameplay.A fantastic modding community comes with this game aswell, with literally thousands of items to add to your client to improve gameplay or simply make your city unique.As well as that the game is still being patched on a regular basis with the recent addition of european buildings, new maps, and tunnels for roads and walkways. The developers have also recently said that they will continue support for the game as long as they can.This game is certainly going to be around for a while and with such universal gameplay features and even more options added thanks to the mod community this game is certainly a great purchase with good value for money."
76561198063109007,Recommended,255710,17579491,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,sourabh2504,"One word - WOW!Likes- The scale of the cities you can create is amazing- Looks gorgeous and gives the ambience of a Real city- Love the Tools and the Analytics presentedDislikes- Traffic AI could be improved - built a 6 line highway, yet everyone's still using one laneVERDICT - 10/10 :)"
76561198021470890,Recommended,255710,18764614,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Aachor,I've been playing city simulators since SimCity2000 and this is my favorite.
,Recommended,255710,17192696,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,JoyceGaming,One of the best games I've played and streamed online. Love playing it
76561198005722805,Recommended,255710,14890846,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,D.S.Jensen,"Think SimCity...Now think SimCity just with no DMR, no EA, and a finsh product on laungh day...Welcome to Skyline. Only one thing missing: Multiplayer.But this game is so worth it, and at a low priz its just a bigger bonus."
,Recommended,255710,18820111,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,M..,"Cities: Skylines... Where do I start, no seriously.. where do I start?"
76561198143604157,Recommended,255710,30594329,Posted: 18 March,all,Shmoovin,"Really fun that keeps my eyes stuck to the screen for hours, until everything just becomes a cluster ♥♥♥♥ and you dont know how to fix anythingbut with added workshop, makes it 10x as better."
76561197999757013,Recommended,255710,18229894,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Raef,what simcity couldn't do
76561198123617303,Recommended,255710,16664903,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,PinkiRoo8001,"I am enjoying this game immensly!A fantastic city builder. Before this game came out I was looking for a city builder and couldn't decide between sim city 4 or the recent sim city. On one hand you had updated graphics and a smoother interface, and on the other it was functionaly better. This game gave me the best of both worlds!"
76561197970260106,Recommended,255710,18238816,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,grumpy,So I was one of those dissapointed in Simcity 4. This... this is a masterpiece so far. Love the way it works. Free-form and fun.
,Recommended,255710,18257074,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,"huelsemann, fletcher",This has quickly become one of my favorite games of all time. I'm a sucker for good simulation games. I can't get much sucked in than this game.GOTY 2015
,Recommended,255710,17361180,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,GLOGANG_Jared,This game is a lot better than Sim City... a LOT better. You can look at other reviews for why but here is why this game is awesome. Ive only played the game for 12 hours and I love it. Its not too much micro managing and not too sandbox. I fell in love when my city began to fall to ruin when my dumbass placed water towers in a heavily polluted industrial area. This quickly made everyone in the city ill and people began to die... rapidly. I went from making 20k+ a week to -10k a week. After I was in debt and lost over half of my city residents I realized what I had done. I fixed the problem and after destroying all of the abandoned houses and whatnot I was back on my feet. That moment when my cash flow was in the positives again was the most glorious moment in any city builder game I have experienced.
76561197979139992,Recommended,255710,18322415,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,VVebz,"One of the best city builders ive played. With the backing of some of the best user created content i have seen this game offers a varied and unique experience on scales that are much more believable than previous city building games yet it is easy to pick up. The size of the buildable area really gives you the flexibility to build your towns and cities how you want them to be rather than being forced into a style based purely on space limitations.For anyone considering buying it or who already owns it, there are a few essential steam workshop items to have:-Road protractor (tells you the angle in degrees and length of any road being built from another road),-Extended Transport UI (makes it much easier to manage your transport routes once they have been placed),-ARIS remove stuck vehicles (requires ARIS skylines overwatch first and gives you the option to click on and then remove  any vehicle in game, which is essential!!),-All areas purchasable (enables the purchase of every tile on each map. You still start with 1 tile and have to purchase the tiles as normal but can build in a 5x5 area which makes the scales feel much more realistic) and finally-Prop Remover (autonomously monitors and removes certain ugly repeating signs such as the donut squirrels and identical illuminous billboards, this also makes my game run a tad smoother, especially at night)"
,Recommended,255710,14981486,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Telgriff,"This is what Simcity should have been,"
,Recommended,255710,15971608,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,dcolanduno,If like the Sim City series and felt a bit... 'blah' about the last incarnation.This game will solve the massive let-down that version was. It is what any Sim City fan really wanted.
,Recommended,255710,32904044,Posted: 27 June,all,☻☻☻☻☻,"Game is great, it's a little confusing to start but easy to pick up once you get the hang of it. Everything is nicely organized and there are tons of mods which can add to the game, which make it even better. Note that it'll be a little bit harder to deal with traffic if you don't have the Mass Transit DLC, but since I love simulation and city building games a ton I didn't mind getting the DLC with the game. There are tons of features, and whatever you can't find, I'm sure you could find it in the workshop."
76561198189226483,Recommended,255710,32959266,Posted: 28 June,all,rengr29,i've had this game for only six days31 hours put in alreadycall 911 now★★★★★
,Recommended,255710,31828678,Posted: 18 May,all,A͞ ͏L̛ I E̷ N,"Das is gut.Pretty great city simulator, on the surface level things are easy enough to understand. But if you want to get more involved/in depth with the way things run, it goes surprisingly deep."
76561198070061690,Recommended,255710,32898419,Posted: 27 June,all,Mann,Good
76561197995107402,Recommended,255710,31834005,Posted: 18 May,all,rakkar,I'm seriously loving this game.
76561197970892649,Recommended,255710,31834008,Posted: 18 May,all,Saudi Arabian,Its fun and addicting!!
,Recommended,255710,33094022,Posted: 1 July,all,Ω5 Deano,"This is such a great game I would reccomend it to anyone who likes sandbox simulator games. I got into this game because I first loved SimCity but then when I found it out, it is like a much better version of SimCity and there is so much more space to use. If the game is on sale (the summer sale currently), it is a must to get. I know I don't have to many hours on it but I love the game. The only problem I have is having to pay for some of the stuff but overall I would reccomend buying it."
76561198038002763,Recommended,255710,29775091,Posted: 7 February,all,Gold Dust,best city game iv ever touched if you liked sim city when you were younger get this it is so much better watching your city grow is the best feeling ever.
,Recommended,255710,33094685,Posted: 1 July,all,Alex Crossan,good game
,Recommended,255710,33098227,Posted: 1 July,all,Forzen | Chauncenator,"Fun game to mess around in to kill time. Although the controls are a little weird, it is easy to get past them when you have a friend to tell about all the stupid stuff you may or may not do."
76561198327767214,Recommended,255710,32320329,Posted: 10 June,all,Raytruth,"They did it, the city builder as it should be, great work from guys of the CO.i didnt like when they started to sell radio stations (what?), but it's a minor critic, if u spent years in front of a screen with SC4, like me, you would cry of joy from the first steps, seeing it becoming 3d and definetly a better game.best money spent of my life :)P.S.i own the new SC too but there is no comparison, under many aspects, this product is way more what a gamer would want.IMO? nope, its objective :)"
,Recommended,255710,32114699,Posted: 1 June,all,Aggron,very very very nice
,Recommended,255710,14867680,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Plazmic Flame,This is the city building game we've all been waiting for! Stop reading reviews and get this game ASAP~!!
,Recommended,255710,33124457,Posted: 2 July,all,xDayTx,"This is a great game. Been playing sims city for a long time, but it is blown away by cities skylines"
76561198028189095,Recommended,255710,16387448,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,crunchy,Citizens in this game use too many #hashtags
,Recommended,255710,33112918,Posted: 1 July,all,Pochi Panwa,This is probably the best city sim on the market but not without it's flaws.Pros:-Can make massive cities and manage tax income-Doubles as a map builder with fun physics (especially liquid physics)-Hours of fun with a extremely large modding community.Cons:-Vanilla gameplay can get boring after competing a few cities.-DLC is over priced in my opinion.Overall this is a good title for any simulation loving gamer.
,Recommended,255710,27662549,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,rikZ。,Great game for people who loves building a city.
,Recommended,255710,18248838,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,mister_cold_as_ice,A fantastic city builder simulation. Try it. Buy it. Love it.
,Recommended,255710,23797534,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Casual Dad,"A beautifully done game that dethrones SimCity, Cities: Skylines is a must-have for any fan of city builder games. Intuitive controls and UI, great graphics, and an overall smooth game. Don't pass this one up."
76561198090180380,Recommended,255710,33011507,Posted: 29 June,all,CakeMix,Way... Way... Way... better than Simcity.By far the best City Builder game on the market 10/10
76561198045261969,Recommended,255710,14882510,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Tortilla Bread,"It was all going so well my people thrived in the great city Murder Central. They lived off the land as they saw fit, traffic stretched to the horizon. People were happy.But then...I decided i needed more power, i only used 200mega watts in total for my entire city. But seeing a chance to have more produced, I lept on the oppertunity. I wanted more. At the peak of my city I raised over 400 megawatts of power. At what cost you ask?3 damsThe first 2 worked so well. A slight flood to begin with, but nothing major. Then when I built the third, it read +180megawatts for 1 dam. That was to good to pass up. So I built it. And that was when Murder Central began to fall...The dam burst and the water spread. The factorys were covered first, the water then started to head to my main cityIn an effort to stop the tsunami... I deleted the dam that was blocking the water.In an instant the water flew up into the air and spread out over the map. The small flood that would have been caused by the initial water was then turned into a full on extinxtion of everything I had builtAnd in my cities dieing breath...Somone tweeted how amazing of a mayor I was."
76561198317850110,Recommended,255710,33110551,Posted: 1 July,all,Ice_Cream_Taco,Very fun game
76561198105068852,Recommended,255710,33088089,Posted: 1 July,all,Sgt. Scoobz,"I dont under stand why I burned 20 hours of my life on this game in only about 3 days, Its so addicting for some reason. When im outside and I blink my eyes I see traffick routes its weird. It makes you look at things differantly. I forgot to feed shaggy his hourly blunt and now hes rabbid and I dont know where he went. But any way the gameplay is good enough for me to consider purchasing the DLCs.I give it a 5/5 scooby snacks."
,Recommended,255710,33140731,Posted: 2 July,all,[CBF].dddjflip,"a nice relaxing game, and imho way better than sim city."
76561197999813471,Recommended,255710,24527987,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Estalio,"Fun sandbox game that's the best in its class.  I grew up on Sim City for OS2 then Sim City 2000 for Win95- skipped 2, but played 3 and 4.  I also played Cities XL however, I believe this one to be the best.There's a sandbox mode where you can play with unlimited money or you can play for challenge trying to balance your taxes/services.The DLC add ons for the game are good for a nice change, but save your money when they go on sale as they do not change much in the game."
76561198045681204,Recommended,255710,32976153,Posted: 28 June,all,sseltniop,Pretty enjoyable game.  I like planning and building city.  Totally recommended if you're into this type of game.
,Recommended,255710,16022178,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Mr. Orange,"This is how SimCity should've look like. Amazing game, great UI and gorgeous support from the community with Workshop integration. Great job!"
76561198263957201,Recommended,255710,33033115,Posted: 30 June,all,melimushroom,"As a newby to the game, I found that it was very overwhelming and I had trouble navigating the tools, etc., at times."
76561198050162710,Recommended,255710,15117811,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Madpack,I would reccomend that you buy this game
,Recommended,255710,33025879,Posted: 29 June,all,Officiallycharlie,Great game!
,Recommended,255710,30472788,Posted: 12 March,all,TheGoblinLord,VERY GOOD GAME. I LOVE IT.
,Recommended,255710,14887079,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,[151] Chrisster,So much fun and just beautiful.  Runs fine on my HD 6700 and I have an R9 270X in the mail (can't wait).  Buy this game.  The free-form style layout of city building and planning makes this game truly enjoyable.  Smart navigation controls.  You can build slow and small and work your way up to larger and larger communities without getting brutally punished for things like running out of money or♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off sick people by clipping the hospital budget to stay solvent.  This is a game and it stays true to form while implemeting real-world aspects like loan structures and social media feedback.  Buy it now and play it.
,Recommended,255710,32536100,Posted: 18 June,all,MrCookie,"The best city building simulator experience from the last few years in my opinion.The different mechanics cling together nicely, planning your city ahead can be advantageous but is not necessary. Building the city can be asthetically pleasing as well as fun to manage and optimize the different parts (how well distributed are services like police security, garbage or traffic options etc.).The late game can get a bit dull, as you can have at ease no money problems at all; especially if you unlock the 5 monuments which each maximize one need of your citizens. But that happens after many hours of gameplay and you always can start a new city on a new map!Lastly the DLC politics of this game don't fall in my liking as I rate them a bit expensive for what they offer, but that has nothing to do with the core game and as you have the steam workshop support I can fully see over this optional content."
,Recommended,255710,27234731,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,iMAD,I really like this game. it's slow and fun
,Recommended,255710,33137417,Posted: 2 July,all,billyK_,"I normally don't play city building games, but for some reason, this game has pulled me in, and I really enjoy it. If you like making things, micro-managing, or just like making insane cities, pick this game up. Can't say anything on the DLC's, still don't have them FeelsBadMan"
,Recommended,255710,33124940,Posted: 2 July,all,Baros,Awesome. Best city building games atm.
,Recommended,255710,33146129,Posted: 2 July,all,Raigna,Best city builder I've played to date
76561198219562456,Recommended,255710,31830740,Posted: 18 May,all,Vladimir Pupper,This is a great game To accidentally spend hours on when you didn't plan too. Lots of moddability for the game and good community. Fun to build cities with different themes or challenges. Also has a good amount of mass transit to get people around your city. I rate this IGN 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,255710,26831335,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rafiick スマイリー,bae
76561198053357408,Recommended,255710,25434206,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,J3sus,Best city building game ever!Worth every last penny!Tons of great mods to.
,Recommended,255710,17192676,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Herogus3xD,Very nice game! buy it if you love city building games or startagy! :D
76561198202268232,Recommended,255710,15007907,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Cornholeius,"Some minor bugs here and there, but definitely worth the money, much better than Cities XXL and Simcity :)Edit: Love the ability to edit building in the asset editor, makes the game much more interesting when you have one windmill powering a megapolis. If you dont use the asset editor, I would definitely give it a shot.Game also has improved with the expansion packs, makes gameplay a lot more interesting with night and day changesOnly thing I don't like is deathcare, but oh well, not everything has to go my way."
,Recommended,255710,21503704,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Penkovsky,the best city simulation games.ever.made.
76561198001691588,Recommended,255710,21509118,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ohWhatta,"First of all - I'm a big sim city fan. Not that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ last sim city but the classic Sim City 4.I've been in a search of good city builder game for a long time (but still in love with SC4). This game gave me almost everything I wanted. There's a good look, there's a good grid to build, there you can build the districts you want (not just squares and stuff, but round O with Z inside). And also the biggest slice of a cake is awesome roadbuilder ft. traffic management*. Managing hospitals, hotels, 24/7 funzones, trash services and schools is a joy here. That's the best part here.*as soon as you realise that cars going only the shortest way you'll say a-ha! I'll make a nice turns and turn-arounds, swings and twists. But you know that won't help you. You'll still see the dumbest ever situation when you got a nice 3/3 speedway with a turn to right connection to a maincity and in a few hundred meters a turn to the biggest part of a city (also with a maincity). And everybody is in need of getting their carses to biggest part > they're turning the first turn. And even having a spare city on this single speedway everybody is jamming around the first turn. North part of a city is in fires? The best way is to make 3 turns without any jams, no shi- we'll stay in a jam because it's only 2 turns. Let it burn. LET IT BUUURRRRNNN. Someone is sick or even dead @the north part of a city? LET HIM DIE OR EVEN LET HIM DIE TWICE BECAUSE &$*# ITS 1 TURN CLOSER.But that's manageable to get with lesser amount of jams, but still sometimes it looks waaaaay too dumb to drive like that (also I heard you gotta check the mods for Traffic+, I haven't tried, but you gotta do it).And also there's the worst and the most sad part. The biggest city trouble is traffics jams, no you did hear it right. There's no challenge but just a  traffic jams. In SC4 you had to break your brains so your building grid is just ideal that your buildings can reach the skyscraper levels.But still this game is a big sweet cake. If you like cakes ofcourse.As for me... it's a big KFC bucket omnomnom.Also, you, the guy without a big furnace SLI-computer, if you're experiencinglow framerate - I hear you praying and here you go:check out the properties and make the game to launch with ""-force-d3d9""That'll force directx9 to go and you'll get better framerate.Also if you're that kind of a guy without PC furnace but also playing on a mac.I don't have anything to tell you. Erh.. Bootcamp is the way."
,Recommended,255710,18286293,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,☣PHOOMSKY☣,good game
76561198195428562,Recommended,255710,21751208,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,TR_supersonic,Its a perfect combination of everything. When I was playing this game I feel like a mayor.1.First Of All you can make and load mods to your game.2.With the last update day and night cycle added.3.You can build metro lines.One problem ambulance and police car sirens have disturbing sound please change it.
76561198178305911,Recommended,255710,18755385,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ching chong man,awesome
76561198269459133,Recommended,255710,22052437,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,le fromage,I've been playing this game for 100hrs+ and it feels like I've been addicted to this. This game challenges you to strive harder with awesome updates!
76561198053889296,Recommended,255710,21714181,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Bin Juice 27,To good to be true
76561198046910654,Recommended,255710,21991275,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,sterling the gamer,OMG THIS GAME IS SO GOOD the mod are the best
,Recommended,255710,14836203,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,VanillaCakePeople,"2nd Best game in my libary!5 stars!I would recommend this to whoever loves city building games, It has some of the most realistic things I've ever seen not only that but it adds things that you wouldn't normally have like Docks, Airports, Buses and Metros! (Most city builders don't go through those things) I strongly Suggest this game!Update: 3 stars (Until my game is fixed), There is a terrain bug that pops up when I buy a tile."
,Recommended,255710,14864209,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,dead.beaver,Planting trees like crazy.Thank god I don't have to go to work.10/10----After some 700 hours in the game still planting trees like crazy.No time for work.11/10----1789 hours behind. Still planting trees.I'm afraid I will get lost in this forest.12/10----Building cities is fun too. Gives you tendencies to megalomania.https://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/index.php?threads/hellsinki-aint-a-bad-place-to-be.899596/
,Recommended,255710,21507127,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Anime Johnny Sins,I like this game.11/10No natural disasters button to completely ruin a city.0/10someone make a mod for that pls.
,Recommended,255710,21861759,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,TAROLATTE,"this game is awesome. but i buy this game when not perfect time :"""
,Recommended,255710,19915163,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,chatters,"Better then sim city hands down. Very fun, community workshop is very active and keeps the game going. Nice and relaxing when you want to just play a game."
,Recommended,255710,20399770,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dharma__,
76561198005683958,Recommended,255710,25299292,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Kaerondaes,"This is the city building sim for people who really liked those old city building sims... although it looks and feels a lot like some of those old games, it was clearly built new from the ground up, just like you'll be building your towns. Good attention to detail, interesting build, etc. Nicely done!"
76561197961219193,Recommended,255710,21649679,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,CloakedStarship,"SimCity, meet what you should have been."
76561198032073091,Recommended,255710,14953937,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,imaphilosopher,"10/10In my opinion, this is the PERFECT city building game -- the one I've been waiting for since I first played SimCity2000, oh so many years ago.  This game does what the new SimCity (on Origin) SHOULD have done, and tried (but miserably failed) to do.  For me, Cities: Skylines takes the cake as the best city-builder.Cities: Skylines allows the player to start from nothing, and grow one tiny neighborhood into an ultimately sprawling, fully integrated and interconnected network of high density cities and lower density towns.  You start with one (farily large) square of territory, then build up a nice bustling village, and gradually expand your city by purchasing other, directly-connected squares of territory with new resources and topographic features, until you have a realistic-feeling region.  (This feature contrasts greatly with the new SimCity, which only technically allows you to expand into a ""region,"" since it really only allows you to focus on one square of territory at any one time.  Cities: Skylines gives you a full view of your expanded territory, you can build in any part of your territory at any time, and you can see that your various smaller cities are all a part of a larger interrelated region.)  This ability to gradually expand into a true, interconnected megalopolis, and the additionalability to create smaller districts (neighborhoods), and set policies that are specific to each one, are some of the game's best features.  The game allows you to have real control over what happens in each area of your region.The road and transportation system is also quite intuitive, and generally allows for easy manipulation and changes.  Transportation systems are easy to set up and change (unlike in SimCity), and I feel like there is a good amount of freedom in setting up roads.  I only wish you could easily change a two-lane road into a one-way road, which it doesn't seem to allow you to do.  But that's a minor critique of an otherwise STELLAR game.I will say that the game sometimes runs a little choppily on my crappy (but new) Acer laptop, and the graphics are a little fuzzy, but I am positive that this is the result of my aforementioned crappy machine, and not the result of any programming flaws.  Also, the imperfection of the graphics on my machine does not lessen the value of the game for me.  In my opinion, this game satisfies all the requirements for a perfect, ever-engaging city-builder.  The replay value is amazing.  I have put in 45 hours of playtime in about two weeks (by starting and expanding three different cities), and I know I've still  barely scratched the surface.  I can't wait to see how my cities progress!!If you enjoy the city-building genre, then BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!  Take it from someone who's played just about every city-building game that's been released in the past 25 years - Cities: Skylines will make a worthy addition to your collection.10/10; 5 Stars; A+++"
,Recommended,255710,14838863,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Krogsager,"So, Cities: Skylines.. I was probably a bit late to the party, but it quickly caught my eye!Haven't played too much so far, and still haven't figured it all out, but it's awesome so far! :D"
,Recommended,255710,14841021,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Gamer Guy Steve,"If you, like me, have been hoping for someone to get the City Builder genere right in a modern game, then the product you have been looking for has arrived.   You start with a plot of land equal in size to the city plots in Sim City (2013), but don't scream in frustration, that's just the beginning.   As your city grows, you can buy more of these plots of land, each one the same size as the first.  These unlocks start coming realtively early (the first one is at a mere 500 citizens), and continue to come along as your city grows.   Most of the time, you wll find you are able to acquire new plots of land far before you actually need them.   There may be some exceptions to this if you are starting in an area with a limited amount of buildable land.   In total, you can unlock up to 8 of these lots (in addition to the one you started with), so what you end up is a city 9x the size of the cities you can create in Sim City (2013).   Still not enough?  While you can choose to unlock up to 9 tiles, the map itself is actually 25 titles in a 5x5 grid.   There are already mods out for the game that will allow you to unlock all 25 tiles.   Bear in mind, that the 9 title limit was put in place by developer to keep performance up.  If you decide to use a mod to unlock more and your game suffers from performance issues, it's not the fault of the game, it's the fault of using it in a way that the developers specifically advise against.So let's talk about performance shall we?   While the game is quite lovely to look at, it's not highly demanding from a graphics standpoint, at least certainly not by today's standards.   While a better graphics card may allow the game to look nicer, it's not going to have a large impact on performance.   The bulk of the work is done by the CPU and not the GPU.   Every single sim (including pets and wild animals) are fully simulated AND PERSISTENT.   Unlike Sim City (2013), this simulation is not an illusion, it's real.  The citizens of your cities go to the same job every day (unless they get a new one), go back to the same house every day, have the same family, etc.   They grow from children to teens to adults to young adults to elders.  Whether they went to elementary school, high school, or university matters.Even the water in Cities Skylines is fully simulated.  It has mass, volume, velocity, etc, all which play a role if you start building dams as a source of electricity.   The stronger the current, the more electricity you will be able to produce.  Of course, if you place the dam in the wrong spot, you could end up flooding part (or even all) of your city.  You have to make sure you are carefully considering the location of your dams before building them.     Learning how to do this can involve a bit of trial and error, but the results aren't random, so once you learn what to look out for you can better estimate the optimum position for a dam.If there is anything negative I have seen so far (and I use the term lightly because this is really not an issue), it is that there only a few maps that you can choose to start with and you can't choose your starting plot on that map.  It will always be the same.   None of the available maps are based on any real world locations and are simply generic maps created by the developers.   This is completely nullified by the fact that the game includes an extensive map editor and created maps can easily be uploaded to the Steam Workshop where installing them for use is as simple as clikcing on the ""Subscribe"" button for the map(s) you want to try out.While the startup screen provides the option of logging into a Paradox Interactive account, this is not required in order to play the game.  Cities : Skylines is 100% offline with no current plans for multiplayer functionality (at least not from the developers).Population numbers can seem a little low in Cities : Skylines compared to other city builders, but there is a reason for this.  The population number you see is actually the number of citizens being fully simulated (as described above).  They population numbers in Cities : Skylines aren't artififially padded to make a city seem larger than it is.   The absolute maximum population you can reach in a city is one million.   While that may seem low, it's quite impressive since that means you are running one million simulations.      You really can't compare population numbers across city builders anyway because the number is usually artbitrarily calculated and has no real meaning outside of that indvidual game.   It's like scoring an impressive 40 points in a basketball game and being upset about it because you scored 300 points in gin rummy the week before.With a price tag of just under $30, this game is well worth the investment.   You'll be getting your money's worth and a whole lot more.   Other games ask for twice as much and don't give you near the amount of sheer enjoyable gameplay."
76561198022188024,Recommended,255710,14999218,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Dime-A-Lik,"This game is absolutely amazing.  It is highly addictive though so if you have a life to attend to beware.  I've ignored many obligations since aquiring it lol...  Basically, if you played Simcity 5 as much as I did, all of the things that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your off about that game are addressed and fixed here.  The only thing I can say I miss about Simcity was the global market/specialization idea. 10/10 for this game"
,Recommended,255710,14899514,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,REGGAE,You love city building games? or maybe just road management? It doesn't matter!Cities: Skylines is both! and so much more!This is the game SimCity should have been.
76561197970772522,Recommended,255710,14833533,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,PKNecron,"Great game. A lot of fun. Feels like Simcity 2000, only with alot more options and much much prettier.  If you like city building I think this is game you ahve been waiting for."
,Recommended,255710,14909723,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,ghouL,"This game.. I dont even know where to start with it. It is just perfect in every way. Its like they played all the other city simulators and fixed everything wrong with them and made this game perfect. If you love city simulators, then this game is for you. Its very easy to learn, and if you dont understand something there are a lot of helpful youtube videos on how to start off or how to do something. The graphics are amazing, the animations of the people and the traffic are perfect. I give it a 9/10 just because it doesnt have a nuke button that I can use to kill everyone when I lose all hope for them XD"
,Recommended,255710,14925254,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Aeoriik,"Pros: Great content to price ratio. extreme custimization of your city. Total mod support from the start. Not EA. Active game Devs who appear to be listening to the community. Price. Mods to get rid of most of the cons.Cons: That damn bird, purple polution Traffic AI leaves a little to be desired (cars will always stay in the lane they plan on tuning from even if their turn isnt for miles and the middle lanes are empty) Kind of a steep learning curve if you havent played a city builder before.over all 8.5/10"
,Recommended,255710,14832242,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,CallmeMiner,"1. Built city2. Get 8500 population3. Build a dam4. Pump in sewage5. Kill most of your city6. Download auto-bulldoze mod7. Remove dam8. Recover from -500,000$9. Repeat10/10 would dysentery again"
76561198104435560,Recommended,255710,15063159,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,bud,This game is absolutely brilliant! If you are in to city simulators then this is the game for you - it's everyng SimCity should have been. I have played every City simulator out there from Sim City on the Commodore Amiga through to 2013's Sim City on the PC and this beats all of them with ease. Plus there is a huge Steam Workshop community providing mods and additional content. If you are even slightly interested in this game then buy it right now - you won't be dissapointed.
,Recommended,255710,15000986,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Rin Takanashi,The real simcity
76561197989678676,Recommended,255710,15096653,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,narcoticfresh,"I'm stunned by this title. Being a loyal decades-long fan of the SimCity franchise (first I've seen it as a SNES game) - Cities Skylines is what we passioned city builders always dreamed of.Detailed, entertaining, making sense - it just all works well and nicely. It is well balanced (i.e. a short water or power don't screw up your rep entierly), makes fun and is really detailed. You can control anything. And stuff like item distribution, resource allocation and traffic - it all makes sense. And if you see a problem and you correct the source, the problem actually goes away! (this was hard with some SimCity's)..If you in *any* way like this genre - pleeeeease buy it and give it a try! You will not be disappointed my friend ;-)"
,Recommended,255710,15088341,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,put_any_name_here,SimCity 4 direct successor.After a few years game itself will take like 10% of used disk space and the rest - mods. Brilliant community-friendly city builder.
,Recommended,255710,14837532,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Seldanas怖い黒人,"A fun little game with close to unlimited potential in how you wish your city to unfold.The attention to the smallest details is what makes this game impressive in the long run,it is also very satisfying to see how your town grows into a large city after some carefulplanning.It's worth buying 4/20would blaze again"
76561198017302564,Recommended,255710,14865524,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,carved,that's what i was been looking for
,Recommended,255710,15054948,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,shuteye,"At first I thought "" Oh this is just going to be another simcity "" and i pushed it away. after seeing very very very good response on it I thought wow. Might give it a chance and I did. Its amazing. So pretty a swell. Buy this game."
,Recommended,255710,14909963,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Jebbel,So far it lives up to the hype. Recommended!
76561198214617084,Recommended,255710,15280782,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Tardis1982,I give this game and 8 out of 10. You can create a great world but it seems unfinished.
76561198150163269,Recommended,255710,15283508,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,DEEZ NUTZ,i forgot that if you place a water pump next to some polluted water your whole city gets killed off 10/10 woud do it again
76561198145355943,Recommended,255710,15207867,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,carrotmuffin666,There should be a freedom mode just to test things out and find new ideas and learn what does what. Other then that my first play was super stressfull but after i got the hang of it i have been enjoying it.
,Recommended,255710,14981221,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Geldar,"Exceptionally fun game, what sim city (2013) should have been!Few improvements:-the unique buildings are way too hard to get, 50% crime rate? really? cut that to 20% and it would be obtainable!"
,Recommended,255710,14969503,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,ARCH,I like this
76561198090230810,Recommended,255710,14979472,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,AER-Steevo,"This game does everything that EA didn't allow Maxis to do in their final installment. There are some flaws I have run into, and the replay value seems to climax after you've expanded your city about 10 tiles, but it's a blast either way."
,Recommended,255710,14846547,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,OPPDelta,"ImpressionsFrom the first 2 hours I can already comment the complexity of the simulation in this game is outstanding and runs really smooth, you don't get bogged down; The in game hints offer just what you need. Seems well optimised and has no game-breaking issues that I've stumbled upon yet. From a developer that created transport simulations before; This game holds nothing back. You WILL get traffic problems if you don't plan ahead and it's your job to fix it or problems arise in game. Things progressively get difficult as you expand into new building grids. The map size is huge for those who are worried. With a quick mod you can unlock the full map allowing you to build huge metropolis's. The game is so detailed you even rename pigs...After spending over 4 hours in the asset/mod manager alone just perfecting and learning the way roads form, with their one way systems or complex intersections and then to finally implement them and watch the traffic flow freely made me smile. Repeating on many reviews; This is the game SimCity should have been. With the built in map editor you can recreate your home town/city and see how the game stacks up against the real thing.With, already, hundreds of workshop items from the community ranging from; custom maps, buildings, highways, junctions and items you wont run out of ideas or playable maps any time soon. With fluid camera motions and a in-game ""Tilt Shift"" filter, there are some amazing screenshots around already.SummaryI really want to review more but I'd end up writing an essay. All in all I highly recommend this game for anyone, from casual to die hard city building fans. Both groups will find their niche."
,Recommended,255710,14980315,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Avanchent,"I have put some time into this game, and all I can say is wow. For the price, it is very well worth the money. This game is going to go a long way, and I can't wait to see what is added with the coming patches and mods. Yes there are a couple bugs, but not nearly enough to turn me away from this game, and I know they will be fixed soon. I reccommend this game to anyone looking to buy it."
76561198048138663,Recommended,255710,14856356,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Mclagging,"Great city building game. It feels and runs like a complete game unlike other city building games, so far have had no issues with it."
76561198053909116,Recommended,255710,15041893,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,nlgPRO,"Despite a couple of flaws, Cities: Skylines is the definitive city building game."
,Recommended,255710,15042389,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,tendash,Great game! If you like the older sim city games you will love this game!
76561198035865707,Recommended,255710,15007062,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Picante Dante,This is the game we all wanted and expected when EA releaced the new Sim City.  What Sim City didn't deliver Cities: Skylines did.
76561197961315113,Recommended,255710,15037077,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Iskai,"This is the game that SimCity 5 was supposed to be. Personally I enjoy designing intersections - I never really understood the whole ""never turn left"" thing before I saw how it affected things in the game.I don't like the way that public transport lines are implemented - it is hard to seperate out lines from one another if they overlap anywhere and modifying an existing line can have some strange results.The game looks fantastic. I particularly recommend downloading one of the first-person mods and taking a walk around your city. It really it fantastic to see some of the vistas from ground level.This is an outstanding city builder with some very, very minor flaws that I expect will be fixed or modded around."
,Recommended,255710,14838201,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Thediousa,"Traffic and road building take a bit to get used to, but overall the game is lovely. Runs well on my aged pc without sacrificing the graphic qualities. Better then SimCity 2013 by miles."
,Recommended,255710,15045122,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Emperor,this game will ruin your social life:“Just 5 more minutes!”
76561198003217492,Recommended,255710,15031373,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Lexus,"I can talk about good and not-so-good sided of the game, but I will just say:OMG This mod community support!"
76561198135918289,Recommended,255710,15033911,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,nestorflores99,The city builder simcity was not.
,Recommended,255710,16199025,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Yoshi,Its not steaming pile that is Simcity 4 - Nuff said
,Recommended,255710,14980546,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Hayden03756,Addictive as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,255710,16347544,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Smegma,You build cities.
76561198180689149,Recommended,255710,19244419,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,chrispower129,"This is my first review I've written, so here it goes.I've played Cities Skylines for 350+ hours so far, including the After Dark DLC, and I can truly say that I am addicted to this game. Ever since it came out on March 10th, I barely have time to play any other game that I've bought because I just can't get enough of it. I downloaded Steam primarily to play this game after playing SimCity 2013 for two years prior.I can honestly say that this game makes up for the mistakes SimCity 2013 made. Cities Skylines contains bigger cities, cims have a home and job which they actually travel to (instead of randomly parking at the nearest home or building), creating your own maps in the map editor, and workshop support which modders have posted some outstanding work on. I could list even more pros but I would be rambling on forever. The other thing I like is that the devs at Colossal Order are actually listening to the community, replying to users questions and concerns, and are working their absolute hardest to satisfy everyone, and if they can't do something, the modders are always willing to give it a try.Now the game is not perfect. It can get laggy (at least for me) sometimes but that's really minor and I can deal with that. I'd like to see some weather changes added to the game but I am in no hurry to see huge updates as the game has surpassed my expectations. I'd like to have the population limit of 1 million increased although, I completely understand why the devs put it in. Although, I thought I saw that in the last update that several limitations were increased, though I can't be sure if the population limit has changed.Other than that, I have no real complaints or concerns at this point and I fully recommend Cities Skylines. If I had to give it a rating, I'd give it 9 out of 10."
76561198096238555,Recommended,255710,15135293,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,nickmartinblue,Better than any simcity
,Recommended,255710,15188630,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Dr. Jimmy Rustles PhD,Made my cims drink♥♥♥♥♥♥water. All of them died.10/10 did about 7 more times.
76561198105886764,Recommended,255710,15128202,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Cpl. Millin [29th ID],"Best city builder out there, the only negative i would say would be the hard to use public transoport UI. o ther than that this game is the best of its kind out there"
,Recommended,255710,17527991,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,kweds,"This is truly, an amzing game.As a SimCity player, I found this to be astronomically better than SimCity 5 and topping SimCity 4.First of all, it doesn't force anything to you. You can do whatever you want; create small/big cities, have education or not, even to having parks or not. This game leaves it all to the player to decide.With the addition of Steam Workshop support, you can add different building/vehicle models, as well as having a new Traffic mechanism (with Traffic++), and having the freedom to unlock all 25 tiles.This game will last for decades, just as SimCity 4 did it. It will be fun to play it every years to come, as new expansions come out and as the game evolves to be that one perfect city simulator.There is only one thing that I have a problem with. No, it's not Chirpy, not the stupid ""Have you tried this building yet?"" when I get new assets, no. It's that it doesn't have multiplayer. That is the only thing that I miss from SimCity 5. I don't have the option to play with my friends.If that is no problem for you (as it isn't a big of a problem for me), then you should definitely get this game. I totally recommend it."
,Recommended,255710,18692131,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Skylane182,"Updating my review from when i first posted on March 30th 2015, All i have to say is, The game is on a roll! Gets better with every update!I really love how the dev's care about their consumers and have FREE! Patches such as the Day/Night cycle! THANK YOU!It's rare to see devs do that these days anymore, Colossal Order is truly awesome!+ Awesome dev's+ Mod support+ Beautiful graphics+ Fun game play+ Fairly priced DLC! (THANK YOU!)+ FREE PATCHES!!! (MUCH THANK YOU!)+ Hours of fun- NO CONS! :D10/10!"
,Recommended,255710,14981335,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Trask,"This is the best city builder around. If you like city builders, buy this."
76561198113327580,Recommended,255710,17346451,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Karatekid,"See my hours played... 'nuff said.It still has some UI challenges (counterintuitive/uninformational info screens), but this is a solid must-buy for city builder fans.The developer is a small team, yet still responsive to the player base when bugs ARE found.UPDATE: Adding this three months later. I am still happily playing this thing! The After Dark add-on is my next purchase. For those considering it, if all you want is day-night cycles, you get that for free from the developer. Most of the previous annoying true bugs and limitations (world holes, low polygon limit, drivers lining up in one lane) have been patched now. I want to buy the DLC for the added commercial district specialization (not too excited about prisons, as crime management is not that difficult).Note on the drivers only using one lane: if you're still getting this, it's your road design,not the game. See the citiesskylines reddit for how to fix your roads to prevent it."
76561198020364494,Recommended,255710,14833024,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Tread_Lightly,"The first thing i was extremely happy with is that it was not affiliated, bumped shoulders nor even glimpsed at focus home interactive ( Cities Xl ). Cities: Skylines is a game thats well put together, extremely fun, so much to do in so many aspects of the game and it runs smooth with no issues that i can see.I Love my city builders ever since simcity 4, then simcity 2013 got released and i was let down big time. then came cities xl wow !!!  what a mess of a game that was, i was truly losing faith in city builders since focus home interactive were obviously run by wild monkeys who should just stop now and give up in the gaming industry.But then the day came when cities: Skylines was released and yes i did have my doubts since i have been burnt before. but after purchasing and downloading it, i pressed play and something magical happened it didnt crash, in excitement i quickly drew out roads and placed resedentials and commercials and industrials and laid down power and water and to my amazement my city was coming to life smoothly, beautifully and with ease.Graphics Are Great, NO LAG !! NO LAG WOOHOO,Game Is Amazingly Put Together.The is so much to do and its filled with pure gameplay !!I am definately impressed by this game and look forward to what the developers will do next with this game.10/10 no doubt. they basically learnt from other developers mistakes and created a masterpiece :)"
,Recommended,255710,25872548,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,MackLe,Great building game. In my opinion its better than Simcity :)
76561198055579213,Recommended,255710,14847702,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Cakey,"My only complaint about this game is that the controls, when it comes to designing roads, don't seem as ""free"" as compared to other games. For instance, when I wanted to make a big, curved road, it seemed to be a bit more complicated than just making a straight road."
,Recommended,255710,15653732,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,RG_Texa,"Cities: Skylines is what SimCity (2013) should have been. Incredibly open, large spaces to build on, incredibly moddable, and gorgeous.That's about all that needs to be said, but on top of that, the developers are very open and communicative with the community on forums and Reddit, and there's a fantastic community of modders and asset makers working on the game."
,Recommended,255710,18358610,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Ad Infinitum,Literally buy this game.
,Recommended,255710,19372025,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,yk,( ﾟ∀。)
,Recommended,255710,20929234,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,JB™,Good game  :PBuy it now !!
,Recommended,255710,21253678,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,SlyDawg101,Simcity done right
,Recommended,255710,21241931,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,trixsterdo,"I am relatively new to City Builders and was introduced to the genre by SimCity 2013. I got hooked but the issues and limitations of SC 2013 were frustrating. Along cam Cities Skylines and wow, this was just want I thought city building should be. Whilst not perfect on day 1 (nothing ever is) the amount of effort and interest both the developers and publishers have put into obtaining user feedback/ideas is probably the best I have ever experienced. The level of simulation gets more and more realistic with each DLC and with the awesome modding community, the end result is outstanding. There are of course those that criticise the game but they are a minority. Some people are never satisfied just because it has not got a particular function, asset etc that they want.Whilst the game objectives in terms of achievements is not outstanding, any one who uses their creative abilities can produce some outstanding results. There are thousands of users that have posted videos, pics, advice, support articles to help the new user to achieve their potential. Without these people, and the awesome modding community, the game would be bland after a while and past it's sell by date. The developers and publishers actively support the modders and is a great example of how gamers, developers, publishers can work together for their mutual advantage. Long may it continue."
,Recommended,255710,21234592,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,aranbear,"Cities: Skylines is a great city building game in its genre. Having played SimCity 4 since nearly a decade ago, Cities: Skylines is a nice modernized and updated version of it. Similarly in SimCity 4, the modding community in Cities: Skylines makes the game playable from time to time. You will never get bored of it.On the downside, Cities: Skylines has a slight cartoony feel to it, with its vehicles and buildings slightly saturated. Yet, the game makes up to this through its building tools and features, offering a decent amount of stuff to build your city. Some features are still much desired by the community, but updates to the game are taking key steps by steps by the developers, aiming to realise newer features that the modding community may not have the ability to crack the code yet.Overall, I'll give it8 out of 10for the constantly updated game, keeping you entertain be it playing for couple of hours straight, or coming back to the game after a period of time."
,Recommended,255710,21073962,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Still Alive,"Best city simulator i've played, totally recommend it.Tho my road placements are hell."
,Recommended,255710,21134594,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Dysfunction,"If not the best, then one of the best city builders ever made. Paradox has done a stellar job with this one and keeps supporting it with massive patches with free stuff and great payed expansions."
,Recommended,255710,15923116,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,laurgs,"This is the game SimCity 5 should have been.  Absolutely stunning graphics, and more complicated game play.  Loving all the mods and user made maps!!"
,Recommended,255710,20822420,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,D.Shostakovich,Have been playing this for a while. Definitely the best city building game I've ever seen.
,Recommended,255710,21205129,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,WAuswarrior,An excellent game for those who enjoy in-depth city building simulations. A real treat to play.
76561198165552902,Recommended,255710,15199678,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Opinionator,"Basicly a middle finger to EA, Which is always a good thing."
76561198038962708,Recommended,255710,14953586,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,SkyLine,"The game is absolutely enthralling. The roads and transport systems, pollution and noise, and property development are complex enough to keep things interesting but simple enough to be fun. There is a real joy to helping your city grow without having to micromanage every aspect of it."
,Recommended,255710,15042100,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Pryzm0,Epic game. Possibly best game of 2015!
,Recommended,255710,18158305,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,SMELLY DOG BOY,"The best city simulation game out there. Creative, modifiable, beautiful, and, what's more, a game that has an excellent team behind it. For less than £25, it's a steal."
,Recommended,255710,19439173,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SFE,"I, as many Simcity 4 fans did, bought Simcity (5) when it was released, and I was dissapointed.Gone were the vast open spaces where I could build, design, screw up to my heart's content. Gone was the offline gameplay, replaced with always online DRM. Gone, was Simcity.And so, Cities Skylines stepped in to fill that void, and it does so wonderfully. THIS is the game that Simcity (5) should have been. If you are looking for a good city building game, this is it.There is no better alternative."
76561198143963870,Recommended,255710,30337595,Posted: 5 March,all,Kayankee,"If you are fun of Sim City 4, this game is for you. Awesome gameplay, cool graphics, cool dlcs and fantastic mods too that make it even more fun."
,Recommended,255710,15240592,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Sir Parsons,"I am very, very picky about my city builder games. City builders and strategy games (such as Civ 5) are neck and neck for my favorite genre and have the most playtime by far than any other type of game.Also, it is exceedingly rare that I rate anything 10/10. I am one of those people who will rate something 9/10. You really have to blow me away to get a 10/10 out of me. That being said, I am giving this game 10/10.It is the best city builder ever created, hands down and I have been playing them since Sim City 2000 came out. This blows Sim City 5 completely out of the water and is obviously targeted to do so (the price point, mod-ability, and city size).Playing the game or reading the other positive reviews will tell you why that is the case, so I won't get into the gritty details."
,Recommended,255710,15000397,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Slick Rick,"This game is probably one of the greatest City builders I've ever played. The simulation of each cim in the game is very detailed, the way traffic flows almost mimics real life, and above all the simple and effective UI lets you diagnose any problem you may have. It's not hard to get into and fully understand but takes time to effectively understand the more advanced aspects of the game.Pros:The UI is very well doneThe simulation of many aspects of the game are almost lifelikeFull support of mods and easy to access them in gameMap editor and asset creator are fun to play around withCons:Traffic is a hassle if you don't understand how to set up connections correctlyTraffic will make it so when you look at any intersection you ever see again, it'll trigger a mental breakdownStill some bugs that are planned to be fixed (some mods may be bugged as well)10/10 Would stress over it again"
,Recommended,255710,16479303,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,die996,"Really enjoyable city-builder. A bit too complex for my liking and I don't like how hard it is to make good roads (I kinda wanted to recreate some real-life street circuits, damnit!) but at least you can have lots of fun both with and without the money cheat"
76561198196639541,Recommended,255710,25542430,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,al_lathief,"Best city building game so far! but I really wish that this game has similar ""mechanism"" like TROPICO, -NOT politically- , but how the citizen work; RCI demand affected by citizen workplace and public facilities; economic diversity affected by the citizen income rather than ""building levels""; natural recources have more impact on the economic and citizen wealth, rather than only producing tax income or providing job for citizen; unique building also gives more function in the game"
76561198030326876,Recommended,255710,16897058,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,the e,My ice cube factory burned down.10/10
,Recommended,255710,18478008,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,tjstriker,Finally what Sim City 5 should have been!
76561198082158997,Recommended,255710,14828231,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Astro Man,Super good game its a all rounded cities game it makes scense it has a lot of cool and unique features like Monuments Noise Pollution and much more here are some pros and cons about it.Pros:Good GraphicsNice FeaturesGood GameplaySmart SimsEasy to learnCons:Very slowtakes along timehard to get money
,Recommended,255710,18219964,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Crowbeak,I love this game. It's classic SimCity style city building with modern interface magic. So much <3.
,Recommended,255710,15128335,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,David,"Geweldige game voor mensen die city builders leuk vinden.translation:Awesome game for people that like city builders.What's good:Errything unless the things i'm going to state under this.What should be changed?-More realistic traffic, as soon as they enter your city they drve in the exact same lane till they reach their destination.-The ability to select area's you want a faction to drive in. Ex, i have a landfill site for district A and i only want it to use the landfill site's garbage trucks in that area because now they don't pickup trash where it's needed since i am placing the landfill site as close as i can to a neighborhood.- The ability to also use a metro above the ground level like they have in new york, this will give you more of the feels that you are in a big city.- MORE TYPES OF PARKS.That's about it, definetly worth the money, don't wait for a sale to start people!!10/10 would bang all my 80k civilians"
,Recommended,255710,14841030,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Sir Beef McNugget,This is the city building game I wanted Sim City to be...Exellent game!
,Recommended,255710,30708935,Posted: 24 March,all,Nacho,The game that sent SimCity to hell
,Recommended,255710,18476988,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Dick Thiccens,"After playing FPS games, I wanted a game that would teach me something other than killing people, and it had to be relaxing too... This game is the answer, things might start out slow (Just like life) but it will eventually get better and better too, If you do the right things of course! After about playing this game more over the course of a few weeks, I have grown more fond of this. Combines with my hundreds of mods for buildings, roads, and other shenanigans. This game has gotten better."
,Recommended,255710,14875580,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Techlologist,This is the city builder I have been wanting for years.  A true successor to Simcity 4.  I can't wait to see what the modding community will create over the next few years.
,Recommended,255710,15029115,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,rocket man,"This is a great game! Well worth the $30 I spent on it. It's cool of all of the things you can do with it. If you are even thinking about buying it, buy it. I'd suggest watching youtube videos before you buy,  that is what helped me decide to buy :)I would love to see future updates, it would be cool to have seasons, natural disasters, etc."
,Recommended,255710,21541274,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,The Beard,"Cities: Skylines is the city building game I've always wanted. Although I'm absolutely awful at it, it keeps drawing me back to play it. No matter how bad the traffic gets in my city I always feel like there is a way to fix it. This game allows me to be as creative as possible and bring my ideas to a game. Fantastic game."
,Recommended,255710,18412773,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,DrinkOJ,YES.. YES.. YES!!!I have never played this Kind of game genre before but it looked fun so i had £30 in my steam wallet and i was like ♥♥♥♥ IT and bought it and i am so happy i bought this game it was confusing when i first started playing but after a couple of youtube tutorials and i got everything going my City is fire!!! and i love this game its so fun i reccommend this game 10/10
,Recommended,255710,14895265,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Karma,I'm going to need to check myself in to rehab at this rate.
,Recommended,255710,16776306,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Hydrogen,Best Citybuilder IGN 11/10
76561197986081674,Recommended,255710,15592884,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Philonious Rex,"If you are looking at City skylines and like what you see than you may as well just buy it because it delivers exactly what you want out of this kind of game. The management tools are nice, it's a clean looking game and has tons of free mods. It delivers everything you wanted out of the last Sim City game but didn't get. And you can play it on steam what's not to like? I've spent hours in the game just messing with building intersections because the traffic part of the game is very detailed. I'd recommend this game to any one interested in the city builder genre."
76561198131750618,Recommended,255710,18494273,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,devon699,"This is a great game, much better than most if not all city builing games I have played, only issue it loading a map/save is not very fun, it takes ages and often crashes, 9/10"
76561198028680992,Recommended,255710,14827263,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Scarlet,The number of dislikes is an indicator of how many EA employees have bought this game.
76561198018522643,Recommended,255710,16248917,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Sweatervillain,"My city was large and in charge.  My city was energetic and up beat.  My city was the city that rivaled NYC until a flood, only comparable to the Chinese floods of 1931 was unleashed by the hand of god upon my luscious lands...my people didn't even see it coming.  They died angry and in a massive traffic jam.   10/10"
,Recommended,255710,15159259,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Mooreel,"Everything packed in 2GB, only very tiny bugs,  awesome mod support & brilliantly developed - congratulations!"
,Recommended,255710,18027529,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,DivineMoment,This game is what SimCity 4 should've been.
,Recommended,255710,20414560,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Reefguy,"I bought this game during the awesome winter sale. I now own both the 2013 SimCity and this game, and I can say without a doubt this game is immensly better. Don't take my word for it though, read the googles, the people on the googles think its better too!Even try asking Jeeves, Jeeves knows!"
76561198121179377,Recommended,255710,30678795,Posted: 22 March,all,almendarezjoel,"If you like a nice challange or just some fun past time to create a wonderful city, then this is the game for you. Tons of features that allow you to really operate a city and with new dlc there is now more fun than ever to be had."
76561198178811143,Recommended,255710,18053301,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Shitfucker420,"pretty fun, but only with mods. the traffic problems are sometimes pretty unrealistic."
,Recommended,255710,15332357,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,核 Nuclear,"If you have any interest in city builders, get this game immediately.This game is extremely moddable and therefore has, in theory a humongous amount of content. I'm sure, like myself, you have been burned on city builders before. Well let me tell you now, Cities: Skylines is the city building game to play currently."
,Recommended,255710,18888736,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Advendra,"This is for now, the Ultimate City-Building game in the world. Buy it. Play it. You don't want to get another life."
76561197997144078,Recommended,255710,21314509,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,GunnerCid,"It's a smashing game, it really is. You expect a certain level of frustration with games like this not behaving how you want them to, but Cities: Skylines seems virtually frustration-free, which is a splendid achievement.If there's a criticism to be had it's that it's a bit too easy - I find it quite hard to fail in any way and I doubt it's because I'm just great at it. As others have said it might benefit from disasters being added, both in the earthquake sense and economic crashes and the like.But, overall, a tremendous game."
76561198046392587,Recommended,255710,21314809,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,jotaman82,"Cities: Skylines is, in lack of a better description, a super Sim City. Even in the game's community the inhabitants are referred to as ""cims"" (instead of ""sims"").When creating and growing cities, at first the challenge is about budgeting but soon the biggest challenge is about functionality - whether creating new neighbourhoods intelligently or micro-managing the ones that already exist. The ammount of micro-managing, especially traffic, is inversely proportional to the thought you put into creating new neighbourhoods.The game fools you into thinking ""hey, this is easy, i keep an eye on demands and create what they need and the city grows"" but then, when you notice, you have sick citizens because of pollution, burned down buildings because the fireman can't reach the fires, traffic jams that don't allow people to go to work or, even if they do, don't allow cargo trucks to keep the economy working, etc.One thing is for sure, after some hours playing this game, you will think about your own town's city planning whenever you go out and drive."
76561198092271075,Recommended,255710,30333140,Posted: 5 March,all,DarthLee,-Great tools to customize your city.-Very advance and challenging traffic management.-Wonderful 3D city scene.
76561198013276658,Recommended,255710,21506201,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Tavuk Bey,Sound of da police...DAMN ANNOYING
,Recommended,255710,19050686,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Xiell,Good game! :)
76561198036235475,Recommended,255710,14912251,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,M_Gustave,"One of the best city builder out there. A lot of content, the graphics are quite good. The only con I can think of as of now is the low diversity in building architectures."
76561197982618859,Recommended,255710,15333354,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,konjiki7,One of the more enjoyable games to hit the market in long time. The game feels complete and features rich indepth game play. With major publisher nickle and diming gamers with incomplete cames w/ 100s of expansions.Its good to play a game built off hard honest work.While there are few tiny bugs here and there the devs cranked solutions really fast. 150% satisfied with my purchase.
76561198000341235,Recommended,255710,24207651,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,hightower,best city build game ever
,Recommended,255710,14841786,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Coffee,It's like SimCity but not horrifically awful.
,Recommended,255710,24144409,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,sanik,You build things and watch your whole city go down to♥♥♥♥♥♥after making a huge mistake.
,Recommended,255710,24148109,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,medphin,Best city builder I have ever played!
,Recommended,255710,24156050,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,lizzyn,"Great game, way better than sim city review:-PROS-ModdingGreat stabilityDLC's are worth itVery addictiveA lot of options to customize your city-CONS-Trafic may be difficultNo multiplayerNo missions like SCMay get boring after a whileSome ai traffic bugs7/10"
,Recommended,255710,24358547,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,DPanda,"Cities: Skylines | The Best Modern City-Building GameCities: Skylines is a beautiful and well-made game. Mostly everything is nicely balanced with only a couple minor bugs. Although the gameplay is very similar to Simcity, Paradox Interactive has really perfected what Simcity hoped to do. They sacrificed graphics to enhance the gameplay. If you're looking for an easy, good-looking game, buy Simcity. If you're looking for enriched gameplay, and the ability to express more creativity, buy Cities: Skylines. Trust me, it'll be one of the best purchases to make on Steam."
76561198084382913,Recommended,255710,15962338,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,TEMP,"This game is so much fun! x.x Totally kicks SimCity's♥♥♥♥♥♥If you wished new versions of SimCity would not suck, you HAVE to get Cities: Skylines!"
76561198203083313,Recommended,255710,24761805,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,o|-} RottenBrit,love this game even love watching people play this game hands down the beast building game out there makes ya think it can be a bit overwhelming at times but my god grate game i just got the DLC night pack (after dark) and it makes the game come alive that much more thumbs up aaaaaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll the way cant recomend this enough
76561198018910266,Recommended,255710,24765457,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Spirit of Madness,"Awesome game, its very fun 10\10"
,Recommended,255710,24840462,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,WO R. Rose [JTF2],"I enjoyed this game a lot more than i thought i would. I wish there was more ""to do"" but it's not hard to drop a day into this game and wonder where the time went."
76561198067998515,Recommended,255710,24909589,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Korki,really cool gamerelaxes me when i play it and im having tons of fun12/10 totally recomment it for anyone who loves a worthy city building game**please make metros go ABOVE GROUND :)
76561198015087332,Recommended,255710,24905709,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,m85,I’ve always enjoyed SIM games and after not playing any for many years I decided to get back into SIM gaming. After a great deal of review I decided to purchase Cities: Skylines + After Dark add-on. Since I’ve played over 100 hours of this game within the past month I thought it would be appropriate to share my thoughts about this game. The vanilla game alone is outstanding. Once you have a good grasp of the game then add community made assets for an entirely new level of enjoyment and realism. The amount of detail and customization in this game is superb. From naming individuals living in your city to creating transit lines or even creating and adding your own home makes the level/asset editor great.The game does have hiccups here and there and it is disappointing when you like an asset and the creator removes it from STEAM for no reason but for the most part I am very happy with my purchase. Also loading times with added mods can be painfully long at times. However I would definitely recommend this game if you are looking to get into a city builder type of game.I would recommend studying real city layouts and reading some of the community written guides before attempting to build your city.
,Recommended,255710,24932900,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,POTATO,"Awesome game to just waste a few hours in. Infinite possibilities on city design, especially with the stuff from steam workshop. The only thing that is mildly infuriating is having a single line of traffic on a 6-lane road."
,Recommended,255710,16944657,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Pierre Poutine,"You can sink so much time into this game, just in one part of your city. I swear I've spent hours just perfecting an overpass. Not to mention the endless road mods that just... why are you reading this? Just buy it. If you're into city builders, this is THE ONE."
,Recommended,255710,18618712,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Samuryan96,10/10 feed raw sewage to townpeople
76561198115839860,Recommended,255710,24978142,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Jimmy the Squid,"I'm a big SimCity player and have been since the original DOS version in 1989. My personal favorite is SimCity 4, however this game is pretty good and probably better than SimCity 5. It's good to see another developer take a crack at it and hopefully light bulbs are going off over at Maxis that a company with 9 employes can make a better game than they could. This is real competition to them and a well done game. For all the DRM SC5 put in their game Cities Skylines still outsold them.How it differs from SC5?+ It works. It's more stable overall and weird things like trucks taking endless right turns around your stadium don't happen like in SC5. (SC5 is broken in so many small ways its hard to even describe this game runs as expected)+ It's on Steam not Origin. (thank god)+ It's mod-friendly and not DRM ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.+ It's cross platform and runs great on Linux.- It's not as complex or as difficult. This one can go both ways for people but.. For example I shut off my police for 6-7 weeks and my pop fell from 85k to 80k, nothing really happened. Try that on SC5 and your city will be a burning wasteland and you may never get all the criminals out of your city. Depth is sometimes good, sometimes bad. This game is very very forgiving. Due to that I'd recomend it to people new to these kinds of games but for me.. It feels pretty hard to lose at this, I'm just not getting a challange from it. SC5 is really better here.- It doesn't feel as if your going anywhere in this. You just build and build and build.. In SC4 your trying to make a region. In SC5 your trying to see how far you can get before it glitches out and your city stops functioning, but here there dosn't seem to be much of a point beyond a high pop score.So ya, that's my take on it.. you can sorta think of it as SimCity 5 Light (The working edition)"
,Recommended,255710,24992049,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Bekandian,"Detailed, and comprehensive city sim that blows the competition out of the water. An active and creative modding community only helps to make the game even better."
76561198122603358,Recommended,255710,24968945,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,GandalfHardcore ☯,This game is amezing :D
