user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,255920,21913024,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Faudraline,"Old Man Stauf built a house, and filled it with his toys. Six guests were invited one night, their screams the only noise. Blood inside the library, blood right up the hall. Dripping down the attic stairs, hey guests, try not to fall. Nobody came out that night, not one was ever seen. But Old Man Stauf is waiting there, crazy, sick, AND MEAN!When I check the date of development and publication, every little detail that makes this game reveals to be self-explanatory: 1993. Whew! Which means this mindwreckingly hard little puzzle game is 23 years old! Still,The 7th Guest, Trilobyte's one shot wonder puzzle adventure is a hardcore challenge for whom wouldn't mind the prehistoric graphics and overdramatized FMV acting.The story is set in 1935, where we observe the story of Henry Stauf, a drifter who kills a young woman and steals her purse. Later, Stauf began receiving strange visions of magnificent toys and interesting puzzles. Guided by those visions, Stauf soon becomes a legendary toymaker. Every household with a child residing would soon know the presence of a Stauf toy. Yet, after a strange disease starting among children that own Stauf toys, the eccentric and not so benevolent genius shuts himself down into his eerie mansion. One night, 6 guests - a former actress, a kindly middle aged couple, another toymaker, a bank manager and a magician - show up before the Stauf Manor, with invitation sent by him. They are all warned about a 7th Guest who'd make an appearance at some point. We explore Stauf's wicked and wondrous mansion, solve his exceedingly hard puzzles. Any desire of one's heart is the prize promised by our host. Let the games begin!Okay, now let's talk about the game itself. This is a puzzle adventure where you'll keep wondering within the extraordinarily eerie mansion of Stauf, solve puzzles to reveal more of the storyline and eventually be a witness to events occurring amongst the guests. Graphics are really dated, but I must say that they managed to present a disturbing enough atmosphere with decent attention to detail. Lights, shadows, color palette and overall decoration is a great success in combination. Every little details is there to invoke Stauf's particular kind of insanity. Characters are presented in FMV cinematics. I won't present any spoilers here, but considering their condition, old and somewhat blurry character designs are ended up being quite appropriate anyhow. FMV acting in general is really cheesy and overdramatized, but it doesn’t not stand out compared to the tone of the game.We were actually talking about puzzles, weren't we? Well, this game contains a selection of the hardest and harshest mind games that I've ever seen! They take attention, memory, logical thinking andpatience!Many, many trial and error processes await you if you are to pick this challenge. There is a Microscope Puzzle nearing the end of the game for example - the success of AI is legendary for that one! I tried for 2 hours straight without any possible chance of me winning it. I gave up, AI was actually smarter than me on this one, and I cannot say that for many games. Luckily, if you are not that patient; there is an option of skipping puzzles but you have to visit a specific clue room 3 times straight for the skip to trigger. This game is certainly not in favor of the skipper.I know I might sound kinda masochistic recommending this game, but I grew up in a generation where graphics in video games weren't that spectacular anyhow. So developers had to invest in narrative, stories and puzzles to keep things interesting. This is a really well-made one for its era and a challenging experience for anyone who'd boast about their IQ levels. Neither ending, nor storyline are that amazing but there is a certain twist in the story that some of you could enjoy. I know that I liked it. So... only one question remains at this point: are you willing to take the challenge that old man Stauf throws in your way?Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,255920,11062235,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,jingface,"The wonderful thing about 90's computer games is that the media itself carries an uncanny horror with it, possibly due to the fact that as soon as the game boots up, you are reminded of the 90's. For those who are not old enough to have experienced TGIF sitcoms, Pogs, boybands, teased bangs, Buffy, and dialup modems firsthand, this game may appear to be some Satanic computer vomit you only read of in urban legends.In a way, The 7th Guest is just that. It's not a game where you ""just have to get over the graphics."" The graphics are not as problematic as other aspects of the game. For example, the cutscenes communicate some story behind the house and all the puzzles in it, but they are so bizarre and disjointed. You finish the cutscenes and hope it was a hallucination, because otherwise that would mean that someone (or more accurately, a whole team of people) willingly unleashed this upon humanity. The gameplay is truly a product of its time: clunky.Fortunately, the puzzles (the meat of the game) are very challenging and unique, so no matter your thinking style, there will probably be at least one that you can solve instantly, and several that will leave you scratching your head. I consulted a guide quite a bit to get through several puzzles.TL;DR Don't do this to yourself unless you really, really like puzzles. Recommended because I really, really do."
,Recommended,255920,7531173,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,0dds_0f_Even,"This is one of the hardest point & click classics I have ever played (I had to exit my game & look for a vid just to solve some of the puzzles in this game) but the game is great if you like classic horror.Pros: Full Motion Video, Challenging puzzles, Live Action Actors (Well because of the FMV), Creepy Music, Good voice acting, Awesome Narrator & An Interesting StoryCons: For some reason this game gives away Trojan Viruses which is weird because I never had that virus ever in a steam game, You can't skip the cutscenes (Well I count that as a con because I don't like hearing the same stuff again), no replayability & Some of the puzzles are ♥♥♥♥ing impossible to solve like for example the can puzzle in the kitchenOverall this is a wonderful classic to play & I dare you to leave Stauf's mansion alive."
76561198141404871,Recommended,255920,21925641,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,joan4003,"Very innovative for its time (1993) with live action actors and dialogue.  Now a classic of old school logic games.  The graphics on modern computers seem dated and most likely the gamer will have to adjust the frame rate and graphics to compensate.Storyline: Stauf was a homeless thief and murder before he made a pact with a demon.  After the pact Stauf, became a famous and wealthy toy maker, hand crafting toys and replica dolls (a doll that looks the child).  Then there was plague that killed all the children that had Stauf's toys and dolls.  After the plague, Stauf built a house full of puzzles (at the request of his personal demon).  He invited six guests to his house with the promise they could have anything they wanted if they could solve his puzzles ... and for a price.  Unwittingly a 7th guest arrived, a boy dared to enter the house.  Greed, lust, betrayal and murder follow the arrival of the 7th guest.The storyline is revealed in small cutscenes as the gamer explores the house and solves puzzles.  What each character wants and how they end up dead is shown through these cut scenes, as well as Stauf's master plan.Gameplay: Challenging.  Very challenging.  Finding the puzzles to solve is half the challenge as they are scattered thoughout the house and generally on the floor.  There is a puzzle per room and when looking at the map the room color will change once the puzzle is solved.  Also certain rooms will not open until certain puzzles have been solved.  There are no directions to any puzzle, though possibly a clue or two if one listens closely to the dialogue of the main character while trying to solve the puzzle.  There is also a book on a table in the telescope room (library?) that will give clues and hints to solving each puzzle.   Puzzles are revealed by skull with a brain still inside.  A set of wind-up teeth show ""short-cut"" secret passages.  A tragedy mask shows further cut scenes and animations.Puzzles include:  There are three classic chess logic puzzles, reverse the location of knights or bishops on a chessboard, and queen's territory (put 8 queens on a chessboard without their movement overlapping).  Two coin puzzles, and a card puzzle.  One 18 note musical ""follow the leader"" puzzle.  A slider, and several turn based picture puzzles (or crypt lids) And one maze.   (HINT: The maze does have map.  The map is on a rug.)    Also there is a game (found in a microscope) called Ataxx, it is a nasty version of Othello or Go, and from what I understand made especially for 7th Guest. All puzzles are logic puzzles, and all puzzles can be skipped by consulting with the ""hint"" book, after attempting the puzzle.  (Usually takes twice play puzzle, consult book, play puzzle again, consult book, play puzzle one more time, consult book and it will say puzzle is solved.)This a classic, difficult logic puzzle game.  Recommended for those that like a challenge (and a bit of patience testing).  There are solution guides that can be found on the internet."
76561198047656545,Recommended,255920,13796620,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Darth Mopsy,"First played this in 1994 when it came free in a CD Rom upgrade kit - which I think may have cost $400. As I remember that version ('multimedia', perhaps) had little introductions on each of the guests which are absent from this version. I never made it thru the original game since it would bug out at the Microscope puzzle and crash.The best reason to play 7th Guest is the wonderful music by The Fatman, you might also like to play it to get a glimpse of what gaming was like in the 90s. We were all in awe of the full motion video - the eye candy impressed us all - even if the game did not actually work. Today, the movement with FMV is rather tedious, and the 'content' of navigating the house feels rather annoying - with the chattering teeth possibly showing you an interesting flavour animation, or possibly sending you somewhere else so that you have to clunkily retrace your steps.The acting is hammy, but there is fun in that - imagine the game as a hybrid between the horror genre and pantomime.Some of the puzzles are fiendish if your spatial and chess-like skills are not strong. At times I found the word puzzles obscure and tenuous given the in-game hints. At least one puzzle I found really not enjoyable since it involved a full blown strategy game unlike any I'd seen before, where the AI makes the perfect move every time. Luckily, you can go from a puzzle to the book on the coffee table in the Library for hints, and on the 3rd return the puzzle will be solved for you, so you can bypass it. Unfortunately, even when you're confident that you can solve a puzzle, Stauf's impatient voiceovers and Precious Pup-like giggle will have you racing for the nearest walkthru just to avoid hearing them.The game is a historical curiosity, the graphics were ground breaking at the time - I remember playing the animation on the painting at the top of the stairs over and over with a mixture of fascination and revulsion. Wait for it to be on sale for a dollar or two and you won't be disappointed."
76561198159886644,Recommended,255920,12845498,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,jheskett13,"The 7th guest doesn't hold up as well as it should. At the original release it was groundbreaking and frightening. After roughly 20 years the slow movement system and voice-acting are atrocious. On the positive side, the puzzles are all self contained except one (you don't have to find clues throughout the mansion, just start the puzzle). The downside is there is very little direction or instructions for the puzzles. That difficulty does lend itself to a feeling of accomplishment when you solve one. Some puzzles are very logical and pleasing, some feel randomly difficult and illogical. Also a few are too similar. I still suggest playing through this at least once to see how far gaming has come, and because the atmosphere is still very well set. This would benefit well from a full remake."
,Recommended,255920,13805261,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,waal70,"It's a classic. I remember being amazed by this game on our very first p.c. at home. The puzzles are a bit nerdy, chess-oriented, but provide a real challenge.I can see now the in-game acting is quite horrible, over-the-top and almost read directly from the script.I would suggest buying this only for nostalgia's sake, as the graphics and general gameplay are outdated.The microscope puzzle remains a real tough challenge though, still stuck on that one.Bought it during steam holiday sale, for a couple of euro's. I couldn't really be bothered trying to get the old, orignal CD-ROMs to work again, so kudos to the team that put it on Steam, highly appreciated."
76561198117615002,Recommended,255920,8305888,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,panambi,"The history of the good ol' point and click is here. Also, the history of the puzzle and the interactive movie. This game is fun, hard, weird, intresting and sometimes even Surgeon Simulator difficult ( a.k.a : Why did he die !! ). Also contains filmed parts you choose to watch ( or maybe not, my dear friend ), some of which you may see the symbol and see it over and over again, something I call "" Arrow in the Knee syndrome "" ( lol, a skyrim reference in a 7th guest critique, neat ! ). But, as you read this review, you must know that pacience is needed ! For some puzzles ( like that telescope one ), the SS difficulty galores ! It forces you to do it all over again since... well, I bet you're curious, and spoiler needy, so, I won't tell... Also, those ghosts bring in dat spook once you see 'em ( specially if you're that retro type of gamer ). To be specific, this is a must play. Even if you're a wuss at videogames, play this game, pay the eight bucks 'cause ya do ( are those eight bucks, I don't remember... ) and meet Stauf and his otherworldly ghasts ! ( Pun intended ). So, what are you waiting for ? Do not waste your time !!!! DO IT ! ( But, I do have to tell ya, this is the Alone in the Dark type of horror. It once spooked a full generation of gamers throughout the world in those days, but nowadays, it may not be that terrifying, But, anyways, if you are new to old games, and if you love puzzle games, have a bunch of those in your iPhone, and if ya wanna start with something different, than start with this one ! It may not terrify you, as I told you, but it's worth. Although, if you are a long time gamer, who plays frequently those old fashioned arcade games, hates CoD, Battlefield, Skyrim, Fallout, BioShock and other junk, and if you never palyed this game before, just do it. You may get terrified just ike you once did with that DOS X. )"
,Recommended,255920,29523714,Posted: 27 January,all,hemelskonijn,"It is hard to reccomend this game without noting that if not for nostalgic value i would probably never have played past the first puzzle. The game looks beyond dated and is terribly and painstakingly slow. Having said that it is an amazing game with an interesting enough story and puzzles that vary from very doable to extremely hard though all equally atractive and playing in to that ""one more try/one more puzzle"" feeling.I would love this game more if it has a swift movement mod but at least it is miles faster then the CDI and PC version i originally played."
,Recommended,255920,32809459,Posted: 26 June,all,Lucan,"A real head scratcher for the ages, if you enjoy testing your wits and patience against a sadistic dollmaker and get a cheap laugh out of it then The 7th Guest is for you.Decades old now The 7th Guest was developed when alot of titles were using actual filmed footage for their sequences and hell is it entertaining, I cant say for certain if it was meant to be comical however thats how it comes across and alot of its hialrious to watch.Despite its age the game handles well on modern rigs and so shouldn't suffer any fallout, the UI is basic but obvious and progress can be saved and loaded when needed.The puzzles are deliberately cryptic and sometimes maddening but again due to the games age guides and walkthroughs can be found online if you feel like killing yourself out of sheer anger, otherwise this game though dated is a real treat to play at a low price if you don't die of laughter first."
,Recommended,255920,12295380,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,kajira,"Yep, this game is old. Yep, the graphics are quite dated. Yep, it runs slower than most. (what'd you expect, it's old. lol) However, the house is well thought out, well planned and well organized. The story, if you actually pay attention to it, is quite good and definitely creepy. While it can't hold a candle to most of the newer stuff if you're willing to play a game the way we used to play 21 years ago then it's well worth the nostalgic trip. Back then, they really made us work for our puzzle solutions! Still one of my all-time favorites. Right along with the second part, the 11th Hour, and the Phantasmagoria series."
,Recommended,255920,7745804,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,dave,"The classic game is now on Steam. If you've never played it, it is a first person adventure/puzzle game with a story that includes dark themes and horror. The puzzles come in all kinds: most are based on simple logic (e.g. adjusting a series of values so that blood can flow from one end of a maze to the other), others are word puzzles (e.g. anagrams). I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a good horror story and/or puzzles.If you've played this game before, then why are you reading this review? You already know how awesome it is."
,Recommended,255920,14218024,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,ozmoney,Very challenging!
,Recommended,255920,28695957,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,HunterTyreth,"The 7th Guest is a title that garners fond memories for many gamers, but it has to be remembered for exactly what it is.This game for the right price is a great walk down memory lane if you were a 90's gamers that played it back then. From a modern perspective, the quality is somewhere between poor and mediocre. The graphics are dated, the acting is laughable, and the interface is as basic as they come; but this isn't the reason to check out The 7th Guest. The puzzles are obviously the draw.I had completed this game years ago, and decided to give it another look. While it was amusing remembering the game from back then, it was also a problem. The puzzles, once solved, provide almost no replay value other than the microscope in the lab. Everything else is a simple single solution. Once you complete the game, the challenge is simply gone. It will provide only a few hours of entertainment at most, so factor that into a purchase decision.The game claims to be Windows and Mac compatable, and on Windows it ran exactly as expected. On Mac it runs within it's own emulator wrapper and has significant problems running. This was tested multiple times on a 2015 Macbook Pro Retina.My reccomendation is that if it can be picked up for the right price, it can be worth the money but it is like a crossword puzzle book, finish it once and you are done. Windows users can find some enjoyment here, but Mac only users may be better looking elsewhere."
,Recommended,255920,12243770,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Kizzycocoa,"Before I start, I recomend The 7th Guest as a game. I do not recommend the Steam version, but the iPad version instead.Aside from glaring speed issues, this game is still a great. Put those issues aside, and the puzzles are challenging, the rooms are perfectly designed, and the drama, while cheesy, still has a charm to it. This game inspired me to go down the path of environmental design.That said, the speed of the game does ruin the Steam version completely. It makes you fearful of experementing, or making mistakes. One mistake could lead to ten more minutes of agonisingly slow moves. If you want to get the full, great expirience, get the iPad version. The game cutscenes/effects on that version have been sped up to much more sensible levels."
,Recommended,255920,12526611,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Mullrock,"One of the original interactive 3D puzzle games! Inspiration, design, and execution at its best!"
,Not Recommended,255920,7782111,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Dirk Gently,"I played this game when it originally came out so I was full of nostalgia and excitement to revisit the classic horror puzzle game. Unfortunately, the 7th Guest is a prime example of a game that has not aged gracefully.First, the game is dreadfully slow. This makes 'trial and error' puzzles like moving a knight around a chessboard dreadfully slow. So slow, that you will likely refer to a walkthrough just so you can accomplish the feat as quickly as possible. I can think of at least three puzzles that fall into this category.Second, every time you start a puzzle there are 3 comments by the 'explorer'. This is fine the FIRST time you begin a puzzle, but having it play every time you restart the puzzle is an awful design choice. 90% of the puzzles require no clues  to deduce what needs to be done so hearing things like ""So that's how they move"" on a chess puzzle is quite tiring.Third, the UI is frustrating and slow. Yes, it is learnable, but never comfortable. The lack of fast travel between rooms coupled with the fussy cursor placement made navigating the mansion an irksome effort.I repect those that remember thsi game and think it may be fun to take it for another go, but it isn't worth the time. Unlike Mario and Frogger, this game is rightfully left in the past. If you want a puzzle game, I urge you to go pick up any of the Professor Layton games. Each boasts about 7 times the puzzles contained in the 7th Guest and a much more polished experience. Also, they are only around $16 new compared to this over priced re-release."
,Recommended,255920,29871395,Posted: 12 February,all,DarkredeyedDragon,"I loved this puzzle game, the puzzles are designed to test you in many different ways but yet it flows supurbly, the intro really puts you in the dark mindset of what has happened in the game, there are some jump scares with the films after some  of the puzzles.  The only bad thing is that the ingame videos come to you fine but just out of order so you cant get the full story easily but other then that it is a brill game everything is top notch from when it was first released to now it still stands the test of time even the background music plays a part in it as well, even the protaganist will come out to make quips at you to make you groan in frustation."
76561198021706627,Recommended,255920,28958676,Posted: 2 January,all,APOCALYPSE meh,"It is a fun little puzzle game, and an impressive achievement when originally released in 1992.  Thanks to the game's integrated filmed scenes.  Made possible by the CD-Rom format that was gaining in popularity.  The game starts off by introducing the other 6 guests, you are the titular 7th, at Stauf's mansion.  After the cinematic scene, you are free to roam the mansion with the objective to find and solve the games myriad of 20 some puzzles.  The puzzles are riffs from some of the ones you find in toy stores that feature board games.  The better puzzles are the ones that do not have a singular solution, but a defined strategy to solve.  There are plenty of better puzzle games, look no further than Portal or The Witness.  But, The 7th Guest remains creepy thanks to a memorable main score and art direction.  For anyone that wants to take a trip down memory lane, or jonesing for a quick jaunt through some puzzles, The 7th Guest proves to be well worth the visit."
,Recommended,255920,28927943,Posted: 1 January,all,DJTreky,"At its core, The 7th Guest was Trilobyte Games runaway hit classic of the 90s, a point & click puzzle adventure that spawned a not-so-well-recieved sequel and several spin-offs.  It along with several other classic point & click games served to promote and drive the sales of CD-ROM technology, being bundled together with many new computers during that decade.I grew up on this classic, my first experience with it gave me nightmares.  I loved it.  The soundtrack stands the test of time, the puzzles are still just as fun and challenging today as they were then, the use of 3D & cinematic graphics were revolutionary for its time, and the story was pure classic 90's thriller/horror magic.  The story was great, so much so that I still remember to this day the impact the game's twist ending had on me then.  It had me thinking about it in an attempt to wrap my head around it for weeks afterwards.For me, I will always have fond memories of playing this title.  It was this gem that got me started on the point & click adventure genre.  Yes it's old and some will say that it hasn't exactly aged well, but if you have the patience to do so:""...take the time to find out what's inside,  away from all this wind and rain,  the six arrive - the fire lights their eyes,  invited here to learn to play,  the Game."""
,Recommended,255920,32144650,Posted: 2 June,all,Deathman[BTC],"This game is excellent if you grew up in the era playing it. Interesting puzzles, but I believe it's appeal is in nostalgia. Groundbreaking work at the time though. Recommended for rainy days or nights and it is best played in the dark with the speakers loud."
,Recommended,255920,28877226,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TipsyRam,THIS GAME HAS EVERYTHING:*Fun Puzzles*A Story*Awkward Sounds of Passionate Love Making*A Pedo Toymaker Mocking You The Whole Way Through...It's really just fun for the whole family.10/10
,Recommended,255920,28697759,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mhsalvatore,Played this when it first came out. Great game. Glad to see it on Steam.
,Not Recommended,255920,33918712,Posted: 30 July,all,Adorak,"Cool, if you want a blast from the past...but good luck trying to save a game and load it back up, the mouse doesn't line up properly on the main menu.  Then if the game restarts on you, you can't skip the 10 minute intro...very frustrating.  Don't bother.."
,Recommended,255920,19062971,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Sober Mans Secret,"This may be an old game, however it doesnt make it bad, its a true classic and still is no easier than when it was first released. Be brave, test you own sanity.... Without googling any of the answers."
,Recommended,255920,25192337,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,DevDotEXE,"I loved this as a kid -- it's tough to evaluate it without rose-tinted vision. In truth, the acting is over the top, the story is odd and disjointed, and it's all a bit goofy. However, the tone is genuinely creepy, and the atmosphere and cutscenes are more fun than they are bad. The real star here though is the puzzles. Some of the finest logic puzzles in videogame history are in Stauf's mansion, and engaging with them is enormous fun. Come for the camp, stay for the wonderful puzzle design. Very recommended."
76561198024895964,Recommended,255920,21069879,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Punisher BORN,Nice to finally discover an old game from my past and get to play it. But the visuals remind me why I need glasses in the first place. Puzzles are creative but can really take some time to figure out for better or for worse dependning on how you like that.
76561198076203918,Recommended,255920,11178057,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Slab,"The 7th Guest was well ahead of its time back in the early 90s, using 3D graphics and full motion video (FMV) by taking advantage of the extra storage space available on CD-ROM compared to using floppy disks.  Unfortunately the game hasn't aged so well.  However, if you can look past the dated graphics, bad over-acting and slow transitions between screens, then you will enjoy what The 7th Guest has to offer.When you first play the game, you are given little direction of what to do. But as you explore each room you come across a puzzle that needs to solved in order to unlock other rooms in the mansion and ultimately solve the mystery of The 7th Guest.  There are some really clever puzzles that you need to solve, which progressively get harder as you go through the game (the microscope puzzle anyone...).My main negatives are the slow transitions when moving from one screen to the next, and the incessant mocking by the antagonist, Stauf, which is quite irritating to listen to over and over when you are stuck on a puzzle.If you are a fan of old-school DOS games, then give this one a try."
,Recommended,255920,11950216,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,владимир путин,"This game is from 1993.The graphics are good for that period of time, but of course poor compared to games these days.The puzzles in this game are fun.A nice classic for your game collection."
76561198055182524,Recommended,255920,12588597,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,supersephiroth64b,"The only problem I seem to have is with my mouse. Don't know if its just my mouse or what but I can't click on anything because mycursor jumps around. I barely move it and my cursor jumps to the corner. And i can't see the little bony hand symbol indicating I can move forward. I love this game to death, but I physically can't play it."
76561198119285778,Not Recommended,255920,31145208,Posted: 14 April,all,ken_jude,"A friend had this game years ago and I bought it here to try to play it, but it seemed pretty incompatible with the most modern version of Windows.  Buggy, jerky, absolutely unplayable.  And I don't mean ""it was aggravating to wait for load screens"", I mean that I could not control my mouse to properly play the game.  Very disappointed that Steam has a product up for sale that you cannot play."
,Recommended,255920,11008052,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,unsungdemigod,So much nostalgia. Some great puzzles.
,Not Recommended,255920,31411921,Posted: 28 April,all,MRPaden,"While playing this retro FMV puzzle game about spooky ghosts in an old mansion, I found myself envying the dead.Understandable, many things have not aged well and I can be forgiving of that. The video quality is horrendous, but kind of adds to the charm along with the bad acting & midi music. What kills this game is the PAINFULLY slow movement. I do like that the game doesn't hand-hold you every moment spelling everything for you. But when it takes so long to explore what is a relatively small mansion it becomes more tedious than worth the reward you feel when progressing. Lastly, the difficulty is RIDICULOUS!! A good puzzle game should be challenging, thus enhancing the ""A-ha!"" moment when you finally figure it out. But majority of these puzzles rely on chance, or puts you against Albert Einstein levels of AI (seriously, that microscope puzzle was dog puke).Perhaps for the right person eating up 'member berries this game could be a halfway enjoyable experience. But for a new gamer playing it fresh in 2017, yuck. Happy to cross it off the gaming bucket list though. Now... onto The 11th Hour..."
,Recommended,255920,33154766,Posted: 2 July,all,Nebmancer,"It hasn't aged well, but if you're into some 90's nostalgia, this is for you."
,Recommended,255920,31239936,Posted: 19 April,all,{CFH} Joey,This game was spooky when I was 5 years old
76561198023453922,Not Recommended,255920,21016287,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,mehaase,"Bought it for sentimental reasons; I owned the original but my computer back then was too slow to play it! I thought maybe I could finally finish the game, but it's painfully annoying. The music is so loud that you can't hear the speech, it's tricky to get it running in a window instead of full screen, you can't interrupt cutscenes or voiceovers, and the voiceovers replay each time you restart a puzzle. Ergg... total waste of money and time."
,Recommended,255920,18128265,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"4/10 -> Now  ---  9/10 -> 1993Played it, beat it, loved it. Now I just can't wrap my head around the quality. I thought nestalgia would be enough to complete the game again.. I was wrong.Thumbs up for being great back in the day, but this game didn't age well.Worth $0.99 nowAccidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Recommended,255920,7754320,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,The Lieutenant,"This game has had a rather unfortunate time since its re-release on Steam. It seems that people don't understand that the quality of a 10+ year old game is almost always going to be underwhelming.With that in mind, these are worth the money if you feel like reliving an amusing part of the 90's, and don't have a copy of Stay Tooned or Buried in Time handy."
,Not Recommended,255920,7429708,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Buns of Aluminum,"The 7th Guest really shows its age with some of the crappiest FMV I remember seeing in games that used it. The puzzles are interesting, but seem randomly difficult (the microscope game, anyone?).Overall, the storyline is somewhat interesting, but confusing as hell. The villain starts out as a homeless guy robbing people on the road and becomes something supernatural eventually. Really odd. Navigation in the game is slow and cumbersome, with some unlabeled shortcuts that can be REALLY frustrating if you didn't want to take them.This could be an interesting game to update and modernize, but I can only see playing this old version for nostalgic purposes."
,Not Recommended,255920,12746175,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Aurinko,"Horror-themed puzzle & exploration game with pre-rendered 3D environments, cinematic cutscenes, nice puzzles, and abysmal gameplay and interface.Despite the strong positive vibes of nostalgia I cannot in good conscience recommend this game in this day and age. This game originally came out in '93 and it hasn't aged that well. While the puzzles are still good and the premise and story bits of the game are alright, the game has too many infuriating flaws for most people to be able to look past them.Basically you wander around the abandoned mansion of a crazy doll-maker Henry Stauf  and solve puzzles to unlock new cutscenes and rooms with more puzzles. The puzzles themselves are mostly fun, but there are several annoyances that make it difficult to enjoy this game.First of all, the movement happens on rails, i.e. when you click to move forward or to sides, you enter a static animated sequence that turns the camera and/or moves it to the next location, during which the game will not respond to input. The movement sequences are extremely, infuriatingly slow and unskippable. It gets even worse when you click on a random interactive object and the game takes you on a completely unpredictable, surreal trip to another location, and you have to slowly walk back to where you came from. Youwilllearn to hate the gameplay for this alone.While you're solving puzzles, you'll get abruptly interrupted by voice sequences of the main villain mocking you and the protagonist thinking to himself, which make the game unresponsive for their duration. Sometimes Stauf or your character give you clues pertaining to the goal of the puzzle, and mostly these are played back only once (you can retrigger them by exiting from and restarting the puzzle), but there are of course exceptions and it makes you wonder if this game was poorly playtested as it really gets old fast hearing the same lines over and over again if you need to reset a puzzle. Often the interruptions consist of the villain making fun of your inadequate problem solving skills and laughing in your face. For example, there's a chess knight-piece puzzle during which Stauf will say ""Don't take all night"" every five moves or so, and due to the fact that the puzzle mechanics themselves are so extremely slow that it indeedwilltake you all night, you will end up muting audio to maintain your sanity.The puzzle mechanics themselves mostly consist of clicking on pre-rendered at-the-time spectacular 3D objects which are then moved around sometimes at excruciatingly slow speeds which introduces yet more arbitrary waiting to the gameplay. For most puzzles this wasn't such a big problem but there are instances that are guaranteed to frustrate you because you'll feel that the game is unnecessarily wasting your time by forcing you to wait between actions.Essentially, everything in this game is slow - even the menus are loyal to this quirkiness by forcing you to wait during unnecessary animations and audio clips. You're also forced to write the name of your savegame by clicking on fancy letters with your mouse - it's not like you'd likely be equipped with a more convenient input device for entering letters after all. If you enter the menu while you're in a larger area- if only to check the map to see which rooms have unsolved puzzles - when you return to the game it will teleport you to a default location, forcing you to manually walk back to where you were when you entered the menu screen.The graphics, while being jawdropping when this game came out, of course ain't pretty by today's standards, but I wouldn't say they're unbearable either. Some of the scenes still look fine and obviously a lot of effort went into designing the interiors of the mansion. Goes without saying that we're used to much higher quality graphics rendered in real-time these days, so being forced to navigate this environment via unskippable animated sequences may drive you mad nonetheless.The music in this game is actually very good. While the soundtrack consists of MIDI tracks which sound a bit ridiculous and thin, the compositions themselves are noteworthy.If you can tolerate the myriad of annoyances this game throws at you, the puzzles are still good after 20 years and even the story and setting hold some intrigue, but be warned that the fundamentals of the gameplay are crippled to a point that would be deemed absolutely unacceptable in today's standards.Oh right, and: Went in through a billiard table pocket. Came out of the oven. 5/5 would trip again."
76561198000686987,Not Recommended,255920,11109642,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,umbRaccoon,"Revisiting this game from my childhood proved to be a mistake.While the FMV graphics were amazing at the time, they haven't aged well in this game.A lot of the gameplay is also a bit wonky... You go through a house looking for puzzles to solve but once the puzzles are encountered they give you very vague hints about what you're supposed to be doing. This leads to some very tedious puzzle solving, some puzzles that aren't even remotely clever and others still that are just plain boring.The story and pacing is also all over the place and features acting that will make you cringe."
76561198062188853,Not Recommended,255920,13235556,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,RoboRob,"The 7th Guest is an interesting point&click adventure game in that it has no collectibles. Strange for a game such as this, especially one made in 1993. The puzzles are all self contained, meaning you don't need any outside element to solve them, which is nice. So ends the good things I had to say about the game, let's move on to what makes it bad.Being made of a dozen or so self contained puzzles means that the game is a glorified collection of mini-games, strung together with a tissue thin plot. And not good tissue like Kleenex, this is some Walmart-grade sandpaper. The plot is that a vagrant robs and kills a woman. Afterwards, visions of a toy appear to him in his dreams. So he makes the toy and gives it to a child. Everyone loves the toy so much that he becomes the greatest toymaker on earth. Then all the children he gave toys to get sick and die. Then he dies; but not before inviting six increasingly flamboyant guests to his toy maker's murder house and forcing them to LARP a game of Clue.You, however, are some bewildered idiot that wakes up in the house with no memories, years to decades afterward. You proceed through the house solving puzzles and watching the ghosts of the LARPers reenact their last night on earth; all the while being hounded by the spirit of the evil toy maker. Most of the puzzles are strait forward but the ones that aren't are mystifyingly obtuse. Word games are a favorite of The 7th Guest, one in particular needs you to construct a thirty three letter phrase where the only vowel available to you is “Y.” Hope your vocabulary is up to snuff. Another favorite of the game is to have a puzzle relating to your inherent ability to play chess, either placing or moving pieces in such a way that the rules of the game aren't violated. Hope you're good at that too. The larger portion of the puzzles are pattern identifying or matching games.Most of my time wasn't spent with the puzzles but rather wasted doing other inane things like walking and listening to dialog, which brings me to the game's design. Part of what makes me angry that The 7th Guest is only mini-games is that they are littered through an enormous house that your character traverses at a mind numbingly slow pace. True to form for old-school P&C games, you have to click where you want to go and your character will travel there. The game, for reasons best not heard by mortal ears, is rendered in full 3-D. To reiterate: this game was released in 1993. This causes the character to grind forward like a decommissioned theme park ride as he tightly follows the unnecessary elaborate track he is glued to. Leading me to believe you are playing as some horrible hybrid of man and roller coaster, whose head is a detachable camera that zooms in on things in a way that triggers motion sickness. It takes forever to get anywhere even when you know where you're suppose to be going, which you usually don't; causing you to view most of the cut scenes out of order. It is a crapshoot whether clicking on an unknown object will make it do nothing or teleport you across the house like a passive aggressive game of Chutes&Ladders. The dialog is ♥♥♥♥ed as well. In addition to being the pinnacle of 1993 games audio, the game locks your ability to act any time a piece of dialog is heard. While it is useful to listen the first time, by the tenth or so time it gets very, very old. Both you and the toy maker talk incessantly, which is especially frustrating when you've had to restart a puzzle for the Nth time and have to listen to the same dialog each time you make a move; stretching what would only have been a ten minute exercise into thirty minutes of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I didn't finish The 7th Guest but I'm okay with that. The two most difficult parts of the game aren't even puzzles, surprisingly enough. The first is a part in which you must navigate a maze that would be hard enough without the game's inefficient movement and could take you hours, if not trap you completely, if you didn't happen to find the map of it in another part of the house. The second is the microscope/germ 'puzzle' that finally got me to quit. Rather than be a puzzle for you to solve, it is some kind of game of tic-tac-toe combined with checkers. The point is to move your pieces and fill up the board while capturing your opponents pieces. To make a long story short, the game is purely reactionary, making going first a huge detriment to your ability to win. You must always go first. I watched some people on YouTube play it and win but there is no singular strategy and no way discern how the A.I. will move. It's just you, the fickle computer, and a horribly designed Cracker Barrel store game."
,Not Recommended,255920,13798978,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bold Impression,"I’m going to be unusually blunt: overall, I did not enjoy this game. However, especially to those who have studied video game history, The 7th Guest was important for its technological achievements at its time (1993). The graphics were impressive (still are if you consider its age) and Trilobyte genuinely tried to make good use of motion capture, which didn’t work out as well as planned. Many of the puzzles are also some of the most challenging I’ve ever encountered, somewhat of a testament to how some puzzle games today sacrifice challenge for accessibility. There are also some genuinely memorable moments in here, even with the horrendously fuzzy mo-cap. I doubt I will ever forget Stauff screaming for me to “come back” when I would quit the game.While these may be positive traits of The 7th Guest, there are many more negative traits which kept me from liking it. I feel that the main reason I would not recommend a stay in Stauff’s mansion is the whole conception of the game. The 7th Guest suffers from an acute case of identity crisis. It’s almost as if two lukewarm games are smashed together, constantly fighting each other for control. On one hand, we have a horror setting, a haunted house with a creepy--but not scary--past. On the other, we have a ton of semi-pointless puzzles. The plot isn’t strong enough to carry the haunted house idea, and the puzzles’ (all of which, except the infamous microscope puzzle, must be solved to complete the game) only purpose is to string it out, gradually doling out snippets of blurry mocap upon completion. Age is not a legitimate excuse for why these ideas were not blended well.Another very awkward design decision is the “shortcuts.” I say “shortcuts” because they’re more like detours: never wanted and rarely helpful. These would not necessarily have turned out poorly, however. If most of them had actually been designed to be shortcuts ( i.e. lead you back to the main part of the house after a puzzle takes you deep into the mansion, so you don’t have to backtrack) or if they led to “secret” areas of the house you couldn’t reach otherwise, they would be just fine. Unfortunately, almost none of them follow these ideas. There’s no way to know if what you’re going to click on is going to be a shortcut or animated scene, so when they do show up and transport you somewhere you do not want to go, they are extremely annoying. It wouldn’t be so bad but it takes a long time for the player to navigate from one area to another, so adding in unexpected “shortcuts” which may make the player waste time travelling back to the desired location is downright unnecessary.The 7th Guest is not a terrible game. Those looking for extremely challenging puzzles may have a lot to like here, but there’s not much more the game has to offer. Simply put, if you played The 7th Guest in the 1990’s, there’s no reason to return to Stauff’s mansion now, save perhaps nostalgia (although $10 is a bit much, though not outrageous, to satisfy this). If you didn’t play the game in the 1990’s (my camp) there still isn’t much reason to enter now, either, unless you want to study a piece of video game history or pull your hair out with the puzzles--don’t expect many helpful hints and you might have a good time.In the end, I didn’t absolutely hate my time with The 7th Guest, but I never fell in love with it. When Stauff screamed at me to return for the last time, I slammed  the door in his face, locked it, and uninstalled all 700 MB as quickly as possible. I have no good reason to return, and I don’t want to."
,Recommended,255920,20535765,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Amazon Princess Tina,"Admittedly my love for this game is mostly nostalgia. I remember playing this after it first came out when I was in elementary school. The only other nerd in my class and I would work on the puzzles together after school. Sadly I didn't get to finish it back then. 20 something years later and the puzzles are still good, especially the microscope one. The game moves slow, and the lack of camera control in this day is frustrating. But if you catch it on a good sale, and enjoy puzzles and that retro eaaarly 90s feel, pick it up."
,Not Recommended,255920,13583400,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,"Come on, Mabase","Time has not been kind to The 7th Guest. Even if you're a fan of the campy FMVs and spooky prerendered environments typical of games from this period, the incredibly slow controls and clunky UI will more than likely turn you away. Seeing the game in this state on PC makes me wonder how I managed to finish the game on CD-i  way back when."
,Recommended,255920,8814246,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,lemoce,"I played for MacOSX and Linux. MacOSX and iOS version doesnt have Piano puzzle, Infection puzzle and end song ""Skeletons on my Closet"". If you have never played it, get the Linux version or Windows version. The game was designed for 386 DX 40 with 4 Mb of RAM, VGA, perhaps VESA, video card and CD-ROM. I think the designers made a miracle to develop it 20 years ago.The 7th Guest was killer app for CD-ROM. Many people bought CD-ROM drives only because of this game. It is a classic game. The youngers can be bored, because gameplay is slow and not dynamic compared with new games. I am waiting 11th Hour for Linux. :-)Sorry about my English."
76561198132595446,Recommended,255920,9783954,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Teresabell414,i am still very grainy what update do i need?  just downloaded today.
,Recommended,255920,10821898,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Trasho,"Although dated, for a critical thinker when it comes to puzzles this game can be AMAZING and hard. The cut scenes are fun and kinda creepy the animation is old but whatever. If you like doing puzzle after puzzle this game wil have you stumped for hours."
,Recommended,255920,12214719,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Hastur,"The Nostalgia is real in this one.Don't listen to RockPaperShotgun on this one guys, the puzzles are unique, grim, and fun. Haven't had one problem with it on Windows 8!"
,Recommended,255920,8691608,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Nora,"I must have played this, uh, way back when with my BFF. We're both around 11 or 12 and let me tell you it was probably not suitable for that age group. If you love puzzles and a slighlty crazy story then this is the game for yooouuuu."
,Recommended,255920,7556329,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,DeltaWolf7,"Great game from the 90s. Classic FMV style game, done in a computer generated house.This game is a classic and would be  true love for any point and click adventure fan.Me and my wife love to play this one together."
76561198141662089,Recommended,255920,10937320,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Racheleesi,"Though the graphics are ancient and it took a while to get used to clicking to move again, this game is still as enchanting as it was a million years ago when I first played it"
76561198112866114,Recommended,255920,13563928,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,kyzka,"This an interactive puzzle clicker released in 1993 which of-course precedes the game called the '11th hour', (SPOILER ALERT)11th hour was one of the worst games I have ever played in my life. It was sheer TORTURE. Every puzzle in the game required you to be some type of super computer. With all that in mind I was NOT looking forward to playing this, however I must say that even though this game comes before 11th hr it was considerably a Lot more friendlier and fun to play. First with the exception of a few, the puzzles aren't that difficult. The ones that are, are just vague and you wont know what the hell your suppose to do, but they are all pretty quick to solve. You also don't get insulted with every click, so you wont start to feel manic depressive while playing this.Story: Stauf after killing someone gets a mysterious vision on how to make beautiful toys. Kids everywhere in the town begin to buy his beautiful dolls only to find out that at a certain time those dolls release something in the air which kills all the children which own one. After this happens Stauf gets a second vision. He is taught how to build an elaborate house on the outskirts of the town filled with diabolical and deadly puzzles. He then invites 6th guests into the house, the person who solves all the puzzles will get their greatest wish granted. This includes finding out what Stauf wants and not just all the puzzles in each room.You play as an alternate character set somewhat in the future who is witnessing all these past events by ghostly apparitions each time you solve a puzzle in the house. You are simply known as 'ego'. Eventually the ghostly apparitions reveal that the guests work it out and realize that Stauf needs a child known as 'Tad' who has been dared into the house by other kids, brought to him so he can turn the child into a doll and complete his contract with the devil/alien spirit which he has made. The 6 guests begin turning on each other, some kill each other trying to gain access over the child more than the others, while others are trying to save the child, eventually one woman surviving grabs Tad and brings him to Stauf who is trapped in the attic. She now wants her greatest wish granted, but has she solved all the puzzles? No she hasn't so she is magically turned into bile. You though have solved all the puzzles and your greatest wish is for Stauf to let Tad go and so you break the never ending cycle. Each character then goes there separate ways into greater darkness or white light.The problem is that there is a puzzle in this game known as the microscope puzzle it is ridiculously difficult. You have to go against the ai of the game and there is no walk through that will help you. I tried to follow those that solved it on youtube, but the game changes so you wont be able to copy the winning moves of someone else either. Alas after 12 hrs of losing against it I just gave up and watched the ending on you tube.The game just narrowly gets a thumbs up from me, it was definitely thumbs up material in comparison to the 11th hr and it was thumbs up being able to play a part of gaming history as this was the first game to EVER use live action video as part of it's game play. It was also interesting to be able to experience the microscope puzzle for myself as I had heard so much about it. Thumbs down in comparison to other interactive puzzles out there. Definitely a wait till this is on special."
,Recommended,255920,23145537,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Zen Elan,Classic. Played through about 100 times as a kid.
,Recommended,255920,32631320,Posted: 21 June,all,JolanXBL,"You can find full reviews for The 7th Guest on YouTube, so I'll just comment on the Steam copy.The moving around (videos) of this version aren't smooth in that you feel every frame of animation. You can use your old saves by copying them into the new Saves folder, removing the 's' at the start and changing their extension from 1 to 3 digits. (st7g.1 -> t7g.001)I've misplaced my CD version so this NoCD copy will do until I locate them. It uses ScummVM_Windows to run without the discs; Maybe one could mix the files to play the faster disc version without the newer lag?During the ghost scenes, the audio is misaligned from the video. This was done on purpose to make it more ghostly (I assume). Anyways it is the same as the original."
76561198065062041,Not Recommended,255920,34338280,Posted: 18 August,all,kunglao1986,"No.  Just...no.  Nothing about this game was good, not even nostalgia for the 90s and FMV could help it.  The movement is way to damn slow, the acting is cringeworthy at best, the puzzles are frustrating, just...no!**Originally Uploaded: September 19, 2015**For more reviews, as well as Let's Plays, check out my YouTube channel, Gemini Does Games!https://youtu.be/1FaxDbfto3M"
,Not Recommended,255920,8426344,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,telfoid,"I was interested to play this. It does seem interesting. I wish they'd updated some of the interface to reflect modern expectations though. The game seems very cutscene heavy, but I guess that is at least some of the charm/appeal. It isn't possible to skip or pause the cutscenes. It isn't possible to alt-tab, at least on the linux version.My real problem with the game is that I had to spend quite a bit of time googling just to work out how to save and/or quit. The rest of the game may or may not have a lot of nostalgic charm, or historical interest, but menu system makes it almost impossible to play.If you buy the game despite this review, to get to the menu, you click the top of the screen.The fact that Stauf seems to be a reference to faust makes me more interesting in trying to play, despite the severe awkwardness of the game."
76561198136133294,Not Recommended,255920,10835136,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,davidmundy,"""You think you remember liking them? You’re forgetting what an idiot you were when you were 20 years younger. These half-arsed petrol station puzzle book puzzles, draped in the dullest FMV since man first drew on cave walls, were a novelty at the time. . . . It looks like a CAD video by an estate agent crossed with a primary school nativity play, that last for all eternity. It says it’s 11 minutes long, but I didn’t have this beard when I first clicked, and it’s still going."" fromRockPaperScissors.com.THIS EXACTLY"
76561198107784105,Recommended,255920,8442835,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,sj_mmo,One of the first PC games i played
,Recommended,255920,13008282,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Trip Fisk,"The 7th guest was a never before seen technological marvel in its day. That novelty played a tremendous part in its initial success and popularity. Unfortunately the user interface and prerendered cut scenes that  blew people's minds 20 years ago are crude and primitive compared to today's standards. Those who comment that the game hasn't aged well are correct. It hasn't.That's not to say the game is bad. The puzzles still hold up. The vague clues, The lack of even knowing how to go about some puzzles. Replaying the game since I last played it about 15 years ago, some are still quite tricky. Others... Not so much (because I remember the solutions). But for first timers, The 7th Guest retains its mystery and intrigue. At least until they start reaching for on-line guides on how to solve puzzles and figure out the story. In my day, you'd have to buy the guide.No, it does not tell you how to solve the microsope puzzle. It tells you the puzzle uses the hardest AI setting from the NES Spot game though! Explains why its so F-ing hard to solve.The story itself tends to be campy occasionally on the verge of cheesy without really going off the deep end into kitsch (something 11th Hour does). Believe it or not, 20 years ago this added an unsettling yet off-beat sense of creepiness to the game. Years later, long after the novelty of new tech has worn off, and due to how poorly the effects and video quality have aged, The 7th Guest has virtually been transformed into the equivalent of a low budget horror flick. A lot of what did work 20 years ago now doesn't so its replete with bad acting, bad writing, and bad special effects. Despite this, every once in awhile, The 7th Guest still manages to do something right. Its rare. But it does happen! Not enough to make the game shine however.In spite of how antiquated it is, I still recommend The 7th Guest. $6 is a great price. Its basically a bargain bin price for a retail game. In spite of how poorly The 7th Guest has aged, it is still better than the mountain of garbage Steam has to offer at the same price or more."
,Not Recommended,255920,14890859,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,IoG,"Одна из игр, что начали эпоху игр на CD. Многое можно простить. Но минус за издевательские головоломки"
76561198061200283,Not Recommended,255920,17899133,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,cage8,Don't do this to yourself!Every single thing about this game is horrible ... just horrible!
,Not Recommended,255920,8724370,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,KRULLtheGREAT,"Talk about a time capsule! It seems that this game is the original one from the '90s when full motion video featuring cheesy acting was being used in video games. The resolution was so bad, making it difficult to even see what was on the screen. And, it took forever to navigate around each room. It would have been great if the makers of this game had updated the graphics or overhauled the whole thing."
,Not Recommended,255920,13441857,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,frenk10,"While this game was groundbreaking when it was released, it has lost all of its charm today. The graphics are terrible, puzzles are boring rip-offs of various children's puzzles and at least one (picture puzzle) is often unsolvable due to being initialized randomly in an unsolvable state. The interface is very clumsy, and most importantly, very slow. Turning takes forever and the (longwinded...) cut-scenes cannot be skipped, whether you've seen them before or not...The only reason I played this game till the end is for historical reasons, and even for that I wouldn't recommend it. Just watch a video and save the torture it is to play this game."
,Not Recommended,255920,11941157,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,The Gaming Engineer,"as much as I would have loved to talked positively about this game, since it does have good points and a cool concept, I can't look pass the flaws.this is indeed a game of the older era and it can be seen by some of its charm like the cheesy acting by FMV actors and kinda crappy graphics. but alot of the flaws are NOT solely by the fact that it is a older game:I liked the story even though it was obious as all hell who the villain is and what his plans and methods are. and when the game then begins, the problems start coming in like an avalanche. the most repetitive problem is a combination of one-liners and how often they activate with the same puzzle: two of the puzzles litteraly triggered the same one-liner for every single action I made in that puzzle. the second great problem with the game is the puzzles; don't get me wrong, there are good puzzles in the game, but for every good puzzle that there is, there is a boring one, one which is pretty hard to sole without a walkthrough or a mensa degree and one that is hard to solve due to the hit boxes. so for every one good puzzle that there is, there are three that makes you feel like you are in purgatory, which by the way SPOILERS: YOU KINDA ARE!!!!!!but the gameplay isn't just ruined by most of the puzzles: the sequences where you move around the mansion combined with the occasionally meaningless cutscenes that can trigger at any moment, like the one of the white lady, makes its a tedious waste of time. if you are not trying to solve the puzzles, you are in a first-person point and click game, but they can still be intertaining if there are things to interact with, which is in general lacking or just not all that well spread out around the mansion.But for all of the negatives that I have given so far, I would like to give the actors some credit, because they are actually trying to entertain us when the FMV actors start popping in. but what they are given are not really good and even though they act somewhat hammy, it is like they are just going halfway, which ends up giving mixed results, where I don't know if I should appreasiate their acting as characters or be entertained by there cheesiness.but the last thing for this,is the fact that this is a point-and-click puzzle HORROR game. and during the entire game, you keep seeing things that could even make a kindergartener say that somehting is wrong. now that can be okay, if it wasn't because it was shown through the use of CGI effects. and here again I will be toughing on the fact that it is an older game, because it is exactly like the remake of the Haunting: the psychological horror and every great element that makes terror writing is replaced by a CGI effect that litteraly looks like crap. there are indeed giving alot of options in the game for short horror events, but I only found two moments where I was legitemately afraid: the mirror of rejuvenation and the labyranth, where the latter unfortunately still was plagued by the repetive one-liners that in the end make me feel more like killing myself rather than feeling afraid. but the music in the labyranth together with the lighting was what made the labyranth scary for me.if you can look past or just don't see the flawed puzzles, cheesy acting, CGI replacing horror elements, the one-liners and  the obvious plot like I had experienced, you might like enjoy this.but if you get annoyed by the same things as I have listed here, I would say: avoid this game. there are better both point-and-click and horror games out there. this certainly haven't aged well at all."
,Recommended,255920,17196337,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,mech619,"This is a great game to play for people who enjoy puzzles and a fun haunted house atmosphere.  You must solve puzzles to progess toward different areas of the home.  I have no completed the game yet but I take it you are a person trapped in the home and watch six ghosts play out scenes that happened in the home before you arrived.This game has not aged so well over the years as the graphics do look dated.  Moving around the house can be somewhat time consuming.  Some of the puzzles can be a little confusing on what it wants you to accomplish (like the cans in the cupboard).If you are looking for a game to occasionally play with unique puzzles, I would recommend this one.  For its price, it is worth it to check out the game that helped pioneer the use of real actors in a video game."
76561198043396554,Recommended,255920,16565963,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Fientje,"I first played this game in 1995. Back then I loved this game, and in my opinion it was a good game in it's time.I bought it again now for nostalgia purposes.To be honest if now would be the first time ever for me to play this game I would play it for 5 minutes and be very frustrated by the slow movement compared to games now. You have to keep in mind that this is a very old game.The puzzles in this game can be quite hard, while some are very easy.The most annoying thing for me is, while solving a puzzle, to be constantly interrupted by a voice making comments. In itself not the biggest deal, but as long as the voice is speaking and for two seconds after you cannot perform any actions. Which makes it a do five clicks and wait for 7 seconds for as long as you are in the puzzle.I still recomment this game. Why? Because the music is nice, the voice acting is funny, some of the puzzles are real braintwisters and I like that they put this in Steam so I don't have to get a virtual machine up and running to play this game, thank you for the effort. :)"
76561198001868686,Recommended,255920,18399710,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Cooking Utensils,"Good game with good puzzles.  Slow at times and you can't skip cutscenes, but what do you expect from a game made back in 1993?  BTW, I'm still waiting for my ""2 CDs of extensive gameplay with an original musical score."""
,Recommended,255920,18344851,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,GrasshopperSage,"Started gaming with Doom, Myst, & The 7th Guest when I was three. This game still gives me the creeps, some day I'll get around to playing all of it. Fun point & click horror mystery sort of game. 2D Backgrounds mixed with some 3D objects. Definitely expect 90's graphics but enjoyable all the same."
,Recommended,255920,20499639,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Gamerblue,A true classic although it looks very dated by today's standards. The puzzles are confusing to new players but overall still worth a play for the Nostalgia
,Recommended,255920,20623525,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,jamiehan2004,For the age of the game still one of the best horror games of all time.
,Recommended,255920,19039607,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Tycoon,"Hello7th guest is a slice of history for adventure game playing fans.The games actions are localized in rooms of a hunted mansion and is very linear. One needs to solve most puzzles, that are random in difficulty, in a specific order.The plot is weak, but acceptable and the graphics are beautiful when compared to other games from that time (1992 -1993). It is one of the first FMV games and was one of the reasons stores started to sell CD-Roms and PCs with CD-Roms.The game is old and should be played with that in mind and enjoyed as a historical item.Best regardsTycoon"
76561198008574867,Recommended,255920,18753571,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Sepharin,"I couldn't do the Microscope puzzle at the age of 8 back when I first played it. Guess what? Still can't do it, you win this one T7G...."
76561198091491272,Recommended,255920,19078737,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ndcbaxter0,A favorite fmv puzzle game from my childhood. If you are a fan of camp horror this is the game to play.
76561198026955843,Recommended,255920,19304689,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mr.Meeseeks,"One of the best games of its day.. That being said, it's day was dosshell and it has not aged well.  Still a solid puzzle game, but the FMV looks goofy at best and is far from creepy.  The puzzles are challenging, but not always intuitive.  Sometimes you'll come across a puzzle that you'll understand from the beginning and take days to figure out, other times you'll spend days trying to figure out what the hell the puzzle actually wants you to do, then either solve it, not knowing, or figure it out and then just crush it.There's a narrative through-out, but extremely disjointed due to the long pauses between cutscenes while you have to figure out a puzzle to trigger the next one.For all it's aged flaws, it's still a solid game.  Just go in knowing you're playing a relic."
,Recommended,255920,15710718,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,galahadhk,"A landmark and a masterpiece.I played this around the mid 90's and I still played it 3 times when I got this on Steam. Yes, I know it's ""outdated"". Some of you playing this now could be as old as this game! It doesn't changed that if you're an adventure fan, you should check it out. The story is one of a kind...deeper and more complex than what we get in the genre. People will say ""it's not scary"" but it's not about that, it's about the macabre, the evil and the psychology of it. Don't speak le jump scare with the demon boogieman like Phantasmagoria here. The mansion is beautiful and the soundtrack is outsanding. Open your mind and engage in this delight."
,Recommended,255920,16832825,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,The Kenyan Gingerbread Man,"One of the most revolutionary point and click computer games, and also one of my first video games ever.I played this with my grandmother and grandfather back in the late 90's around its release when I was a young child.Around this same time we also played ones like ""John Saul's The Blackstone Chronicles: An Adventure in Terror"" (puts this game to shame, just saying)and other related games.The bottom line is, if you like point and click games, or horror, or both, buy this and the sequel.If you want real scares, then the second game is for you because this one is full of campy humor kinda stuff. Not as scary as 11th Hour."
,Recommended,255920,15866050,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Mikaroni,"This game was a classic in the 90's when CD's were able to fit a lot more memory into them as opposed to having like 50 floppy discs. If you want to go retro and play a very scary puzzle mansion type of game, then this is it right here!It has unique puzzle games all throughout, with the reward of creeping you out after solving it. You explore around a haunted mansion. This game is OK, but they really should have fixed their ancient U.I. for this release, but either way this game is interesting. It is best to play with a friend to help you when you get stuck on puzzles. If you aren't in the mood to deal with the clunky feeling of the early 90's gaming, then pass it up."
76561198184149574,Recommended,255920,15014356,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,sh4d0wst3am,"While I enjoyed the oveall game, the storyline was confusing. It did not flow as this is a open game. It is not story driven so I was getting random pieces of information at the wrong times. The puzzles are challenging and a few are infuriating but I would definately spend a few bucks on it."
,Recommended,255920,15391383,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Mark Z,"Finally played all the way through this, 20 years after playing it for the first time.  It holds up surprisingly well (the videos are pretty grainy, but that's not so bad considering the ghostly theme of the game).  And the movement between scenes can take too long, but again that's forgivable.  Playing the puzzles, you realize how often adventure games reuse the same basic mechanics over and over again."
,Recommended,255920,15677570,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Miojo Master,"""Old Man Stauf built a house, and filled it with his toysSix guests were invited one night, their screams the only noiseBlood inside the library, blood right up the hallDripping down the attic stairs - hey guests, try not to fallNobody came out that night, not one was ever seenBut Old Man Stauf is waiting there - crazy, sick, AND MEAN!""Even all those years later, The 7th Guest never ceases to impress. While most adventure games age badly, with it's puzzles becoming boring and obvious to today's audience, the challenges faced in Stauf Mansion are still extremely fun and difficult. If you don't believe me, take a night to resolve the microscope puzzle, or the portrait one, and tell me how many hours(or days) those took. And despise the frustration, we just keep coming back to then. About that?The game has also one of the most iconic villains of video game history in the form of Henry Stauf. The toy maker is sadistic, sarcastic, and is always there to laugh at your face every time you fail a puzzle. Robert Hirschboeck does a fantastic voice work, but it is a shame that we have so little video sequences from him.In general, the game is just as fun as it ever was. The graphycs are a little muddy, so sometimes we can really see the actors faces behind all those pixels, and sometimes it looks like their voices comes before they open their mouth. But it's a small defect in an overall very enjoyable experience.Welcome to Stauf Mansion."
,Recommended,255920,13652264,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nasty Pirate,"Recommened for those who like puzzle games and hard thinkers - some puzzles are near impossible to solve!I've never managed to finish the game since when it was out, same thing now lol :)Get it in a sale if you don't like the outaded engine/graphics.Edit: I FINISHED IT!! HA!"
,Recommended,255920,14333437,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,mdonovan0780,"The 7th Guest is a puzzle game, pure and simple. It's quite dated, so a word of warning to graphics geeks out there.This game was one of the first to feature real actors on a green screen for it's videos, which are very pixelated and imposed over the drawn 2d backgrounds. This was 1993, after all.Point being, do not expect any modern day style flair or eye-popping effects. Rather, enjoy the game for what it is, a great puzzler. Take your time, as the effects during the puzzles take a second to animate, and if you get stuck, you can always check the book in the library a few times to skip any puzzle you can't solve. With enough time, I suppose you could beat this game without solving anything...but why ruin the fun?One of the first PC puzzlers I ever played, The 7th Guest will always hold a place in my gamer's heart, right alongside it's sequel, The 11th Hour, and the Phantasmagoria games. And if you like this one, definitely check out The 11th Hour for a longer, creepier experience. It takes place in the same house, but the house has been abandoned and 70 years have passed.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,255920,13650583,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ebbielacrevette,"Bought it because I use to play this when I was little and I didn't understand much (I'm French, didn't know enough English at that time) and the game kept shutting down at some point.I'm really happy to be able to play it again and try to finally finish it.Sure, it's old. Sure, some puzzle are really easy, other are really hard. One thing you should know is that there is not that many hints about what you need to do when you start a puzzle, so good luck, or you can try and find hints on faqs or something like that.It's also a good game for anyone who's interested in gaming history since it was one of the first to use one or two gaming technologies (one has to do with the way they filmed it I think).For the very low price when in sales, you should denifitely try it at least."
76561198022035007,Recommended,255920,14713250,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,almightybum,this puzzle game is amazing brings back amazing memorys when i was younger it is quite a short game as in not meany puzzles but they are hard aged well graphics are not amazing but the game play makes up for it i am also useing a walk through as some of the puzzles are impossable and the hints are useless so a walk though can be found herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45Z-Q5KVTyI&spfreload=10
,Recommended,255920,24683974,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,007,"This is the weirdest puzzle game ive ever played, i used to play it when i was younger at my friends computer store, and i just had to buy it, i had to buy the strategy guide because some of the puzzles are really hard, over all a great and spooky game, i think everyone should play this one, spooky music also"
76561198117275233,Recommended,255920,24890234,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,awhitehead1981,"The first and still best atmospheric horror/puzzle game. The story is good, the music is great, and the puzzles are good fun. I played this forever on the old PC. Cannot recommend highly enough."
,Recommended,255920,27317057,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,INFECTiON_,"A classic, The 7th Guest has a massive range of interesting puzzles. I have hundreds of hours of playtime on this game from the disks my uncle bought back in late 93. Some of the solutions to the puzzles will jump right out at you while others will have you pulling your hair out. I highly recommend not using a strategy guide, try and figure out everything on your own as its so much more fun that way."
76561198041505078,Recommended,255920,26575735,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,questknight12,"Ah yes, this is an old, old friend from the 90's.  I can remember playing it for hours and thinking it was stupid because I was too young for the puzzles, too young to figure them out.  Now, I see better, and, can work with them.  And a puzzle that vexed my brother and I as we grew up and played it, the Microscope puzzle at last is completed, finally, I solved it almost 20 years after first ripping my hair out in fustration over it.  I did it, I did it with no help, just, a will to play it and finish it at last.  To beat it.  At this time, I have not used the book, and I am almost half-way through the house.  But, the game grows on you, makes you think as you watch what is happening.  And, the puzzles, how, how, how did they come up with puzzles that rack your brain.  Even, the one where you have NO VOWELS in the kitchen cupboard.  I solved it, after 6, 7 hours of just, thinking.  Playing it, watchign the letters.  I have nothing but good things to say about the puzzles, but, I can understand the looks of the video, for the tech of the time, it was well done, now, it looks grainy.  But even this dones not detract from the game, it adds to the nostalgia."
76561197998039156,Not Recommended,255920,26625355,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Carlos,"Impossible to play, lots of trouble with the cursor, no way to select anything"
,Recommended,255920,26449214,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tiger,"Back in 1994 or 1995, I remember watching my parents playing this game and struggled with all of the puzzles.  Well, now its 2016 - and I finally entered into theStauf Mansion.  Solving the puzzles wasn't as difficult thanks to the good ol' Internet (can't lie!), but there was a puzzle that was extremely difficult - and that was theMicroscope puzzle.  That aside, I am really glad that the developers were able to make this game playable with modernWindowsOperating Systems, especially withWindows 10with no alterations required (at least by the time of writing this).  In essence, in order to play this game from Steam, the user only has to click 'Play' from theSteamuser-interface.Furthermore, the game itself - despite it being released in 1993 - just does not fully hold up well today.  Obviously games have evolved dramatically over the years since 1993, but we can't really compare this game to - lets sayDoom 4(Doom 2016) in terms of graphics and game functionality.  However, taking into account of how fast computers are today, the frame rate is just oddly poor with this game.  The frame rate just feels choppy, but perhaps this was intentional to grab the users into the original experience in atime warpor perhaps it could just be a limitation with engine itself, I am unsure.  In addition, the puzzles do have a lack of description when you are new to the game.  There are some puzzles that are self explanatory, some are just out-right confusing until after many failed attempts, and some that you just have to resort to using the Internet to understand what is objective to solve the puzzle.  Moreover, the graphics of this game - just doesn't hold well today.  Of course, we must remember that this game was designed back in 1993, thus computers and technology in general consisted a lot of limitations as well as some technology and techniques that were just ultimately new during that time.  With that said, yes the graphics just doesn't bold well with what we normally expect with modern games today, but back 1993 - it was cutting edge.In closing:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorHere's food for thought, but be warned though; your mind will be gorged before this night is done!  HAHAHAHAHAHA"
,Recommended,255920,27503771,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,OilyYouth751,"A classic from years back, still as good now as it was then"
76561198008202033,Recommended,255920,22999316,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Ex,"A blast from the past. I enjoyed playing it again. Made in the early 90's this is an interactive adventure with a motion picture story. Quite unique for the time and, for me, heralds the title along with other early motion picutre games like Under a Killing Moon and Wing Commander 3.Pros- This is a game that shone above other adventure games by having motion video as part of its story line.- Simple and complex puzzles.- Story is based in a spooky mansion!- Atmospheric.Completion time : 10-15 hours.Other notes :- Grab it bundled with the sequel 11th Hour.- A Kickstarter compaign has been successful with a fan made sequel The 13th Doll. As of this review filming was completed. Unfortunately they just fell short of a stretch goal to Oculus Rift the game :("
,Recommended,255920,22485021,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Merim,"Its actually a rather creepy game, but the puzzles are also by far challenging. Give it a try if you are up for some brain games, this is good. And also if you dont mind seeing some creepy stuff."
,Recommended,255920,22445926,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,MacPhellimey,"So corny I LOVE IT!!! This is definitely old school, I used to play it when I was in grade school (which would be the early 90s for those that don't know). Some of the puzzles are DEFINITELY aggravating, but this is a giant ball of nostalgia cheese I would highly recommend, Extravagent characters and overacting ftw!"
76561198017736188,Recommended,255920,28588744,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Urias,"Puzzle, music and tale. My favorite. Ever."
76561198019903103,Recommended,255920,32477896,Posted: 16 June,all,babbel182,"just done a video of this game on my youtube channel, as i loved this as a kid also my uncles and dad loved this game too.it was pretty fun to revisit for laugh. if its on sale i recommend this for a laugh if you dont mind old graphics and voices out snyc.tbh its a classic of its time ive played both on phillips cdi and pc.if you want see gameplay i will soon be uploading my videos to youtube on my channel (called OutOfGas Games)give this game a go i recommend it even wait till its on sale."
76561198059874146,Recommended,255920,32948134,Posted: 28 June,all,edgarlopez27,long time i played this one and its still good
76561198332836391,Recommended,255920,28149511,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,jonse,A great puzzle game. I do wish they would make an improved remake.
76561197971863043,Recommended,255920,30327868,Posted: 4 March,all,abortedj,The FMV parts of it have not aged well. However the puzzles are good.
,Recommended,255920,33672836,Posted: 20 July,all,Zhuyin Stormstout,A good ol' classic well worth checking out if you're a fan of wacky horror and puzzles.
76561198179962105,Recommended,255920,34086563,Posted: 7 August,all,silverlunastar39,"The 7th Guest and I go way back. Back to when my mom bought our first family computer, an old Windows 98. The first game she bought for it? The 7th Guest. Fun fact, real quick, about my mom before I talk about the game in depth: she knew butt about computers so it took her forever to install it. That being said, she got it to run once and never went back to it. All these years later I found it here on Steam and bought it eager to finally finish it. Was it worth it?Well.The 7th Guest is a point and click puzzle game. That's it. It relies solely on FMV's to progress the story. What is the story behind The 7th Guest? Old Man Staufe made dolls and a spooky house. The game begins with the ghostly guests showing up at the house, the player being one of them, and then you're off to explore the mansion solving puzzles as you find them.There isn't much to 7th Guests presentation or interface. The house is well detailed and the music is charmingly eccentric. For a PC game that debuted in '92, it all still looks pretty good. The variety in the themes and aesthetics is nice so navigating the mansion is always fun.But here we run into the first of 7th Guests' problems: the game moves slow. S L O W. The camera pans about with a lazy, languid motion which is fine when you first explore the house, but after an hour or two of trying to figure out what to do next, it gets frustrating. Coupled with this is the fact that the game bars you from entering new areas until you finish X amount of puzzles first. You would think just finding the puzzles would be easy: you would be wrong. Some are obvious items of interest; others are not. It's a pain to have to precisely move your cursor around until you find just the right spot on the screen to interact with. I missed a puzzle or two because of this. Now, this issue is par for the course with the genre, but figuring out how to navigate the mansion and not miss entire rooms because of the clumsy camera work sucks.And now to discuss the core of the game: the puzzles. Simply put, some work while others don't.For example:The Spider puzzle is ambiguous at first but after a few minutes of trial and error I figured out what I was supposed to do. Cool. The Tin Can puzzle, however, was terrible. The Chess Knight puzzle is ridiculous. The Microscope puzzle? I felt so relieved to look online and learn I wasn't the only person who hated it.The problem with the puzzles is that some of them rely too heavily on blind luck or complete randomness. There are some puzzles that have to be reset because their starting orders produce an unsolvable puzzle.You know what was super satisfying though? Solving the cake puzzle my first shot when my mom couldn't. Eat that, mom.Look, the reason I'm recommending this game is because at its best moments its silly and spooky with puzzles that offer decent challenge. At its worst moments its a frustrating slog with total booty puzzles that aren't fun. Luckily, with the internet ready at our fingertips, solving these puzzles is now doable. Buy this when it's on sale if you're a fan of puzzles and spooky stuff. Otherwise, you might wanna pass on it."
