user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,255940,22301873,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Faudraline,"""You are getting closer... not. At this pace, Robin will save YOU!"" - StaufThe 11th Houris the slightly inferior sequel to7th Guest, Trilobyte's classic horror adventure and a Herculean Puzzle game challenge published in 1993. After the prior game's success,The 11th Houris published in 1995, yet eventually failed to deliver the achievement of its predecessor and became Trilobyte's last game. Following the horrors of Stauf's mansion, the narration takes place 60 years after the original game with a new vicious challenge as the product of Stauf's ingenious evil.The opening FMV movie introduces our protagonist, Carl Denning; the investigative reporter for the television series ""Case Unsolved"". Being the semi-educated and sensitive as a door knob ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, Carl gets into a relationship with his producer, Robin Morales, only to end the relationship a couple months after with cruel remarks, implying that he'd wish that Robin would be one of the missing people that she's been investigating about in the little town of Harley-on-the-Hudson. Wait a minute, isn't that Stauf's town? Not so curious enough, Robin actually gets missing on investigation and a mysterious little device called ""The Gamebook"" is dropped on Carl's doorstep. Opening the device, Carl encounters a video of Robin, stranded in Stauf's mansion, desperately calling for his help... You can see where this is going, right?The moment Carl steps into the mansion, our gameplay begins. Stauf sends us the most confusingly complicated riddles through the Gamebook and asks us to antique hunt in the whole deserted mansion to grab the item that would be the answer for his riddles. In the meanwhile, we solve a handful of frustratingly hard puzzles - in some we compete against Stauf's AI - and witness many short movie crops retelling us the background of Robin's investigation as the series of events prior to our arrival at the mansion. Will we manage to save Robin from Stauf's evil mansion?I think we already know the answer to that question, knowing Stauf's sense of humor and resourcefulness from the prior game. Anyhow, let's take a look on the game itself. Camera angles and the movement pace got slightly better and faster in adventure interface. Our encounters are not as much as uncanny though, and the acting of characters in the movie crops is plain bad with needless dramatization. The dramatization in7th Guestwas a success considering the tone of the environment and time - 1935 - but in this game, which takes place in 1995, characters' attitude and reaction simply end up being ugly. They are all portrayed as shallow as shallow can be.It should be proper to note that the Steam Overlay doesn't work at all; and the game crashes regularly if you wouldn't use a compatibility mode. The soundtrack consisting of midi-music are mostly okay, but the repetition of chosen songs and their suitability to scenes that we encounter is questionable. In some of the puzzle scenes, the soundtrack gets silenced completely. I remember a joke coming from a streamer about that issue: ""Maybe Trilobyte wanted you to hear the sound of your own aneurysm.""The environment display is a bit better compared to7th Guestyet the mansion itself didn't age gracefully. Everything is practically in ruins now and Stauf's riddles are suicidally hard with anagrams, cypher codes, synonyms, word associations, cryptograms, accent remarks and even bilingual references! Knowing your art history doesn't hurt either! After the first 2-3, solving these riddles and finding the answer within the mansion becomes a frustrating chore rather than being fun. The starting point of the whole riddle and the actual answer rarely corresponds with each other, leaving you confused and annoyed most of the time. Randomly choosing objects makes you no good, considering there is a truckload of rooms and a good amount of clickable objects in each of them - and Stauf relentlessly mocks you with each wrong answer. Puzzles themselves are not as half as bad, they are relatively possible to figure out with patience but considerably troublesome to arrange with given angles and the slow pacing of puzzle interfaces.In and all,11th Houris less remarkable compared to the first game, being subpar on acting and nauseatingly frustrating in terms of riddles. By the end of the game, you'll be given the chance of making a choice between 3 different endings, yet none of the endings are satisfactory or somewhat meaningful. I'd really like to recommend this game, I remember having a lot of fun with7th Guestbut this is not an educative challenge like the first game. This is a trial of association with little to no indication for the wanted associations given to you. Good luck if you'd like to try anyway.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,255940,12722556,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,arboltsef,"Three reasons to buy this game:* Challenging puzzles for people who enjoy frustration.* A decent and interesting horror story.* It's a very valuable piece of gaming history.Three reasons NOT to buy this game:* Cheesy cutscenes (but for some of us who like to laugh, it's a GREAT reason).* Won't appeal to people who love HD games.* The engine is outdated. Some people will have to fiddle with the game to get it running.Now... for the review:I have to admit that, like most people who played this game when it came out, I have fond memories of it: I used to play it with my family, in the weekends, when we usually took turns to solve the puzzles or to try to beat Stauf in Honey & Blood or the Rat Maze.It's kind of sad, but I haven't played like that with my family and friends in a while. It seems like games rarely have that balance anymore. Most games nowadays are divided in two: A single player paradise with a flexible difficulty (so the player doesn't lose its appendix because of the frustration) or a multiplayer gore fest where rarely you understand what's happening anymore. Yeah, like most gamers, I also enjoy those kind of games, I know it's the evolution of gaming. However 11th Hour (and the 7th Guest) was a game which could be enjoyed with other people in a single gameplay and somehow, it seems it was meant to be played with the advice and skills of other people or it could be a very frustrating game.You had to ask for help before the internet spoiled everything.But time has passed and I know this game will barely catch the attention of new and young players. It's a shame. It deserves an opportunity, at least as a piece of history. The game has an interesting story but cheesy and low-res movies require some faith and imagination from the player; a suspension of desbelief and a willingness to enjoy what's happening or what's about to happen, regardless of the acting, or the 90s modelling and rendering. In my latest gameplay, although I knew most of the story, I could feel some scary or tense moments. The music is amazing, a true accomplishments (some puzzles are so difficult, that you could be listening the same tune for hours and you will hardly feel tired from hearing it).Henry Stauf is a great character. It could be an icon like other popular videogame mascots."
,Recommended,255940,9037311,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,peniche,"A classic!Although people still says that this is a downfall from The 7th Guest, it is defenetly a must-have for fans of the genre.Can't wait for the 7th Guest 3!"
76561198141404871,Recommended,255940,30626700,Posted: 19 March,all,joan4003,"Circa 1993 and originally played on a CD disc.  Sequel to The 7th Guest.  Horror, mystery, point and click, ""hidden object"" puzzler.  The game itself holds up to time passage but the graphics, speed, sound, color, etc. are not adjustable (at least not by me) and depending on the computer (especially newer ones) may make the game lag or be twitchy - just a warning.  Included with the game is a ""making of"" section that are short movie clips about different aspects of how the game was put together, about the charaters, and the NEW 'AT THE TIME' concept of a 64 minute movie divided into clips and inserted in the gameplay to tell the story.  (These clips are not skippable, nor is the beginning movie which the player only sees once and sets up the story.)  Recommend listening to the title screen music/song.  It is really creepy.Storyline: Investigative reporter Robin Morales has decided to do a story concerning the Stauf Mansion in the town of Harley, prompted by rumors of present disappearances and the mysterious happenings 70 years ago and presently.  (So sad I did not realize Stauf is an anagram of FAUST until nearly the end of this game.)  Robin has disappeared while doing her investigation and her colleague/ex-boyfriend/boyfriend Carl Denning (news anchor) goes to the Stauf Mansion to find her.  Through various video clips throughout the gameplay the player discovers what is happening and why. (Digression: the way Stauf says Carl when taunting him reminds me of when the llama Paul says Karl (Llamas with Hats - YouTube) and I can imagine Karl the llama being perfectly content in the grisly Stauf mansion).Gameplay:  This game is actually easier to play than the 7th Guest.  The puzzles are not super hard logical puzzles and the brain busters that some of the logic puzzles in the 7th Guest were.  Plus the storyline is much easier to understand.  This is a stand alone game and playing the first game is not required to understand this one.One of the best features is the Gamebook (phone).  The Gamebook (accessed in the upper right - just point the mouse there and it shows up) contains an AI who will play or simply solve the puzzles for the player, all except the last endgame one.  I suggest that the AI play any game that is being played against Stauf. (Gamebook has all the rules for the puzzles and games, and will tell the player if they are playing against Stauf.)  Of the 5 Stauf games (not including the endgame one) only the mouse maze as far as I am concerned is unbeatable without using the AI to do it. (In my game it took the AI 3 times before it beat Stauf.)  The other Stauf games are like Othello or Go, and logic and good strategy will beat him.The gameplay is driven by answering ""riddles"" which read and are solved like British cryptic crossword puzzle clues.  The 41 cryptic crossword puzzle clues can be anagrams, homophones, put together words (like guile + lot + in = guillotine), backwards spelling, backwards anagram, separated words, etc.  There are also number clues and two cipher clues.  Once the word is found then the player must go find that object somewhere in the mansion and click on it to get the next cryptic crossword clue.  Fortunately the Gamebook gives the player hints about the word/object that needs to be found.When the player arrives in a room if an object can not be clicked on then a puzzle has to be solved first.  There is one puzzle per room and once the room opens up the player can go solve the puzzle.  Defintely look around at everything because the player will be back to find some object when mentioned in some word clue.  Puzzles include 2 chess puzzles (exchange sides - one with knights (6 pieces), the other with bishops(4pieces)), various logic puzzles, a couple of scrambled word puzzles and a train puzzle.  As I said before these puzzles are easier then those encountered in the 7th Guest.  The Gamebook will also kindly ask if the player wants the AI to outright solve the puzzle.At word clue 7, 17, 29, and 37 all the movie clips gathered between those word clues will be played in full showing the player ""the story"".  These can NOT be skipped.  I highly recommend saving at these points.  There are 9 save slots and make sure to save before exiting the game.Finally save the game (final save point) at the last word clue (which is at the grandfather clock) because you may opt to play the endgame more then once (and beat Stauf's final game more than once) to see all the endings.  There are three different endings to this game and are determined by Carl's choice.  Do try to remember this was a very inventive and innovative game when it was made in 1993.  So please try not to laugh too hard at the end or be disappointed by it.  I personally think the end is still really creepy, even the ending that would be considered the best, ""good"" or ""true"" ending today.I recommend this game for puzzlers who want a challenge and something different from today's fare."
76561198025459065,Recommended,255940,12785754,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,gamer11,"This game is an all time classic, like the 7th guestfor comparison only Myst or RivenLets face the facts that these Games are not aged well- indeed this is a thing i´ve heard many timesfrom the (new) Gamer Generation if there is one acutaly.1 off if you comapare those games Myst Riven and 7th guest and 11th hour wich came outway before the CD rom or DVD Blu Ray standarts- these were the first games wichgave the gamers the feeling he is acutaly part of that games.I would say myst made the job a bit better but thats not the point.So after ive finished the 7th guest in my nostalgic phase (now in 2014)i can easily say- this game sucks because of the bad video standart of those days.But no i dont say that because its not the main reason to play those games.The riddles are fantastic they are harder than other games yes.If i compare Myst with Riven than there is pretty the same increase of difficulty betweenthose games.Take Riven wich frustated many gamers those days-So yes the 11th hour and 7th guest are for hardcore gamerswhom take the challenge of these increased riddles.You get a real fine story even the 7th guest made a better job.If you think it has to be a HD Remake with newer days standarts yourterrible wrong and its your own fault if you bought a game you espectedits a new one.The only problem i see is that it runs to fast on my machines.I mean the cutscenes the ingame graphics etc.But thats all.If you didnt played the 7th guest and bought 11th hour and thinkabout that stauff cant shut its mouth? He did this in 7th guest tooand no one had a problem with that.Its his house its his riddles its his horror world your into in those gamesand its called sarcasm all the way.If you think this games are easy and disturbing horror genre games are not your thingdont buy it.This game is a milestone of its genreand still challenging today there are not many gameswich made this.Yes technics of today made this game bad.But as i said before high end graphics arent thethings that makes a game great.Poor that the Collector never made it to the releaseand that the remake of the collector didnt made it.If you would do remakes of all those games withall its details im shure there would be a nicerresonance. But fans of the genre would buy it anyway."
76561198112866114,Not Recommended,255940,28968862,Posted: 2 January,all,kyzka,"The FBI could do away with all forms of previous torture devices and practices such as water boarding and just expose extremists to this game. Torture here is an understatement. The game will expose you to mental anguish like never before. Where do I even start with this one?It's the sequel to a game called the 7th guest. The story is a alien/evil spirit (Satan I believe) has taken over deceased toy maker Stauf who possesses a house with his soul. He is a sick man who likes to invite women into his house to bed with them by manipulating the house to touch them in all the wrong places. He also likes to invite men so he can kill them and nourish the house with their bodies. The house has a blood thirst and needs sacrifices. You've been lured into the house because your girlfriend is trapped inside after she started investigating the house for a unsolved mystery TV show.Think it's weird so far? Oh wait it gets better. The house somehow impregnates two women, 1 who immediately has an abortion, and the second who decides to give birth to miss Satan and after she grows up she immediately finds a sucker to start killing the towns folk in the area and start feeding them to the house. This is all acted out in a B grade movie by work experience actors which you get to see each time you solve a puzzle in the house. At the end you need to choose between 2 women who have sold their soul to Stauf or a wheel chair woman who hasn't. If you choose the wheel chair woman the house explodes for no apparent reason, the end.The puzzles in this house are fruiting ridiculous. You need access to a super computer to solve them. Your given a riddle which you need to untangle to work out what you need to click on next. The riddles will give your brain a clot in seconds. Once you have done that, you then need to solve a puzzle. The puzzles are so hard that your brain will turn into soup just with the thought of having to get through it. Seriously... Insanely difficult.There is a chess puzzle which takes 40 moves to solve, there is another puzzle which will take you 20 minutes to solve, even if you have the correct answer. Half the puzzles in the house even the walk throughs written by other people tell you 'sorry this is too difficult your on your own just keep hitting the hint button in the game' and even that half the time tells you, your going to lose this time.On top of all that the game puts you down with every click you make telling you how stupid you are and that there are bird droppings that have more intelligence than you. The house mentally abuses you, hoping you are soon going to become manic depressive and want to slit your wrists or something.Furthermore, the house also tortures you with grating music that will make your ear drums bleed, it also makes every transition monotonous, because it cuts to a short movement walk when you move between rooms, this is so trolling that you will probably be tempted to try and break your own neck on your keyboard just to get out of this nightmarish game. I recommend this game only if your into SM on yourself. Other than that it gets a huge thumbs down, The game is a chore to play and is not fun. Here's the twist, I played this game as a kid (had a bad babysitter) and had fond memories of it back in 95. I guess it just goes to show that with HD and better constructed gameplay's even the cream of the crop of 95 just does not meet the benchmark of today's gamer's needs.If you want to watch the whole movie which goes with the game which I actually do recommend its an interesting b grade movie you can watch it here....https://youtu.be/WM00eAPG160"
76561198024969911,Not Recommended,255940,11568933,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Yendor,"This game was one I enjoyed when it was first released in the 1990s. Unfortunately, it has not aged well. The seveth guest was known for being one of the very first games with full-motion video, and animated screen transitions instead of slide-show transitions. But even when the 11th hour was first released, the novelty had worn off. And twenty years later, the graphics [which were the best features] are now considered low-resolution. The interface is clunky by modern standards, and the puzzles frankly are not that interesting.If you are out for a nostagia trip, the 7th guest will better satisfy the urge. Or watch the reconstructed movie on Youtube."
76561198109610922,Not Recommended,255940,24242810,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,doh238,"Bought this game purely for nostalgia reasons and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I would have been better off forgetting it existed.The Pros-The song in the beginning is hauntingly good in a minimalistic english as a second language wayThe Cons-Literally everything about the game-It has terrible logic jumps-A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ voice of the house that has a comment for everything you do-Sound mixing that just does not work, VO that's lost because the background noise it too loud, some sounds follow you when they should stay in a different part of the house and leave either when they feel like it or when a cutscene begins.-If you feel like it, you can have the computer solve all but one puzzle in the whole game, effectively making the puzzle game a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ movie that you have to go from room to room to see the entirey of.-That last puzzle can feel impossible.Do yourself a favor and watch the cutscenes on YouTube and save yourself time and money, i wish I did.I wish I could turn all my fingers into thumbs so I could give this game 10 thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,255940,7834970,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,GFYS,"Overall its a pretty poor game. some of the puzzels are fun, but the constant abuse by the narrator means that you pretty much have to play the game muted. ignoring the graphical and musical limitations (this game was made in '95 after all,) its not the worst. Unfortunately the storyline is confusing and not super enticing, involves the sexual assault of two women, and ultimately ends in a near unbeatable game of reversi (an already frustrating game.)on the whole, I'd skip this one."
76561197979305210,Recommended,255940,14345778,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,dalbozofgurth,"I am recommending this with a giant asterisk.Those who love FMV adventure games, who liked the 7th guest, may enjoy this one.  Those who don't like the 7th guest at all, or have not been exposed to it, but like FMV adventure games, know this - it's a sequel to the 7th guest, and you should read up on everything present and lacking in the 7th guest.NEITHER of these games are true adventure puzzle solvers.  They are ""activity books"".  Their puzzles are random with no sense, few hints, and feel like they have as much connection to the game as an activity page has to another activity page.SOME of the puzzles are absolutely terrible (irritatingly boring, or just ""Figure this out and solve it because we were too lazy to make a real puzzle""), others are so tedious you know exactly what to do, but need the hint walkthrough just to make them go faster (such as in the 7th guest where you knew you had to move the chess pieces from 1 side to the other, only it required something over 30 moves, and making one single mistake would wipe out 40 minutes of your life from existence, thanks to the slowest animation EVER), and other puzzles are just passably enjoyable.I swear to the gods, some of these 'puzzles' were made by someone who was a high functioning autistic, because the mathematical involvement in their design requires no more creativity in execution and solution than a calculator.  That in and of itself is a poor representation of what an adventure game should be, as a true adventure puzzle should make you feel like you are exercising your entire brain, not just your mathematical brain.  OH!  And that's not all, you have to solve the puzzle in the right way the developer wants you to solve it!  For instance: I solved the cash register puzzle using two different methods before I had to use the ""RIGHT KEYS"" that the developer ""INSISTS"" I depress for it to give me the reward.... yeah.THIS GAME decided to make that formula even worse by repeating the same horrible structure for the puzzles, and adding a riddle based twist - you are given riddles which instruct you on which puzzles to solve first.  To solve the riddle you must touch the right item in the right room to view an FMV.  Then your game can progress.  So basically, if you solve puzzles without solving riddles, you won't really advance.....WALKTHROUGH TIME!THIS kind of ""puzzle"" is what you call ""artificial bottlenecking"", especially since so few of the riddles make sense even when you have the walkthrough explain it.  you literally just wander from room to room clicking on whatever you can click to make the FMV riddle crap go away.Another failure which is repeated in this game is the complete and utter LACK of musical/sound volume control.  This isn't like it was unheard of to have those controls - those controls for music and sound were considered MANDATORY by 1992.  This game came out in 1995.  So the lack of controls is entirely due to the laziness of the developer.  I don't care how small their studio is, programming a slider bar is first semester basics in programming.As far as the FMV goes - actually halfway decent for 1995.  Granted, it's pure cheese, but that's what FMV is.  Try to pretend it isn't, and you are living in a fantasy world.For Adventure game completionists, such as myself, this game is worth a SINGULAR PLAYTHROUGH.  For developers who want to learn what is right and wrong with adventure games - you MUST play this and you MUST play the Zork games.  Compare the two, and you quickly learn what works and what doesn't.If you have little patience for poorly constructed puzzles, and bad music (with NO subtitles), ignore this game.  DO NOT BUY IT.Otherwise, take this as a recommendation for a select group of people."
76561197971863043,Recommended,255940,30327815,Posted: 4 March,all,abortedj,Good puzzles. Hard puzzles.
,Recommended,255940,33672854,Posted: 20 July,all,Zhuyin Stormstout,Another old classic I recommend. It can be difficult but that's how these games were back in the day.
,Recommended,255940,23341908,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Jazz,Epic Horror Game!!
76561197977324092,Not Recommended,255940,25597095,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,bkcrt,Nowhere near as good as the original. 7th guest was teh edge of vagueness. This game is way beyond that. It would at least be nice to know what the goal of a puzzle is. How can I make moves in a puzzle if I don't know what I am trying to accomplish?
76561197965221055,Recommended,255940,20406748,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Mr. Cookie,Want to know what I think of this gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gX5hocVy-_cI await the reponse for people saying im wrong for liking this game
,Recommended,255940,13872895,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Fedips,Old but gold like 7th Guest.
,Recommended,255940,13837891,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,A bit easier puzzles than its predecessor but it has a way better story! Just for the story I recommend it!
76561198097951439,Not Recommended,255940,28921575,Posted: 1 January,all,Hiddenagenda,"Holy hell.How? How did they take a terrible game, and give it an even more atrocious sequel.Aside from the game itself not being fun (because, come on, it came out over 20 years ago), the acting is abysmal. It makes you gnash your teeth together it's so bad. And the <hahaha> story <hahaha> Jesus Christ, it's something so painful to watch that I want these creators, writers, and ctors to take an oath, before man and god, that they will never produce anything ever again in their lives."
76561198061200283,Not Recommended,255940,17899147,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,cage8,No ... just no.Absolutely not!
,Not Recommended,255940,11945038,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,RoX,"After the nostalgia flashbacks of '95, I remembered why I never finished this game (or played it for that matter), because it sucks! If you have the hankering for some decent puzzles and need that 90's nostalgia, get the 7th guest. This is garbage thanks to the poor gameplay, bad acting and voice overs and to compile on top of my 'thumb-downedness' (yes I just created a new word thanks to Trilobyte), the old tech runs like garbage on my i5."
76561198062188853,Not Recommended,255940,13289971,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,RoboRob,"I was skeptical of The 11th Hour, and rightfully so. The 7th Guest was terrible and I expected this game to follow suit. I played it anyway because I bought the two games in a bundle and having spent money, it would be a waste not to play at least a little. It was my hope that the first game, being from 1993, was only as bad because it was because it was developed when dinosaurs ruled the earth; and that its sequel, being form the distant future of 1995, would hold up better. To my disappointment, it did not. Good thing they were on sale for a huge discount or I would be furious. As it stands I'm merely annoyed. Being in essence the same game as The 7th Guest, it would be easier to list the differences than to talk about the game as a whole so lets get down to it.While the first game lacked for any form of coherent story, this game filmed an entire live action movie, using the scenes (or in some cases parts of scenes) as cut-scenes in the game. To the game's credit the movie wasn't bad looking. It seemed to be on par for a shoestring budget horror movie from 1995. The problem with this is that watching a movie for 30 seconds to 3 minutes at a time is unengaging at best and terribly confounding at worst. It became hard to tell if anything I saw was in order as scene changes are disguised by the cut-scene ending and the movie picking back up in a different scene.You play as C.A.R.L., the mk2 version of the roller coaster/human hybrid from the first game. Unlike his ponderous predecessor, C.A.R.L. can move at reasonable speeds using his new chicken-walker legs and observes objects without panning around them. He also seems to be some kind of transformer as his default size, which reaches the tops of door ways, can also somehow fit into spaces easily a fifth that size. In the opening cut-scene C.A.R.L. calls  his girlfriend a ♥♥♥♥♥ and tells her he hopes she gets murdered by a psychopath. When this apparently happens, C.A.R.L. defies his programming and goes searching for her, leading him to the murder house from the previous installment. In addition to his Mechwarrior legs and head mounted flashlight, C.A.R.L. is equipped with a tiny computer that he uses to analyze the riddles sent to him by the demonic toymaker, who is apparently still around.The puzzles in this game are similar to the ones in the last, except somehow more poorly explained. Where a brief explanation was provided by the dead LARPers about the nature of the puzzle in the last game, no such organic help is given here. Instead your computer coldly tells you the object of the game, forcing you to revert to what effectively amounts to an in game walk through to gain general information about what you're suppose to be doing. The puzzles that require proficiency in chess make an appearance again so I hope you've managed to keep those skills sharp. Otherwise a large portion of the mini-games are A.I. battles resembling the microscope puzzle from the first game. Where there was only one such game in The 7th Guest, The 11th Hour sports seven of them. The problem with these is the same as before: their rules and premiss are poorly designed and, in addition to just being poorly explained, force you to go first despite it being a detriment to your ability to win.The game still has no inventory or way to pick anything up but none the less expects you to hunt for items as they are needed. Instead the toymaker e-mails you riddles corresponding to interactible objects littered throughout the house. Once you've interacted with the correct object, your computer will be updated with a cut-scene you can watch that advances the plot and a new riddle will be provided. The puzzles don't take as long as they used to thankfully because C.A.R.L. doesn't think out loud and the toymaker only speaks at the beginning and end of puzzles. The game as a whole has less organic fluidity than the first, which is surprising considering the first game flowed like rocks through a faucet. Everything about The 11th Hour hinges off of you referring back to your computerized walk through for the answer. You don't have to, but good luck manually deciphering this jumbled mess with out it. The computer also can do everything for you, including telling you the answers to riddles and solving puzzles. While it's easier to let AI battle AI in those stupid versus games, you might as well let it solve the riddles and other puzzles, which would be like playing a driving game where you don't control the car.Much like The 7th Guest I didn't beat The 11th Hour either and even spent less time on it. The reason being is I had no patience for those A.I. battle games and would be damned of I let the computer solve everything for me. Try it if you wish but you'll be in for a world of disappointment."
,Not Recommended,255940,30944145,Posted: 4 April,all,NotAce,"one of, if not the, worst games ever!"
76561198013248665,Not Recommended,255940,11709831,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,inlaid.roses,"This game starts with a long cinematic which is essentially a bad 80's movie, with no option to skip or even return to the menu. What I saw of the story before quitting looked pretty disappointing."
76561198109855248,Not Recommended,255940,10386009,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,DARKWATCH,warning brain will explode can steam pls remove this from my library was a bad idea getting this game
,Recommended,255940,19039859,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Tycoon,"HelloWhere the 7th guest (at that time) was cutting edge, the 11th hour is a clear “sequel”.The puzzle part is there, the story is a bit better (but told in separate video parts) the graphics are improved and there is more gore, it lacks in reinventing itself.I did enjoy the game as a nostalgic look back.Best regardsTycoon"
,Recommended,255940,15869504,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,galahadhk,"Too many of the reviews here that aren't helpful. Some of them just complain.The problem here is that this game was a 2 step forward, 3 steps back kind of deal.One of the biggest problems is the FMV concept. 90% of it takes place outside the mansion. It feels detached, and even when it's on the inside it's kind of of lame because of the extended scenes and the actors in it. You actually appreciate the ghostly, brief scenes of the 7th guest. Other problems include the treasure hunt, the whole ending thing and the 90's futuristic techno-theme gimmick.But there are a lot of little improvements as well! Much better interface and menu, faster animations while moving and in puzzles, you play Stauf multiple times, better hint system that punishes you if you abuse it and a good story that ties in nicely to the 7th guest for example.I have to give credit to the team. They were trying to create something new and bigger while staying faithful to the original.I liked it but there's bound to be some mixed feelings somewhere. Should you get it? That depends. If you liked the 7th guest, then you should play this at least once. Certain characters will appear that will shed some light of the events of the first game. Otherwise, avoid."
,Not Recommended,255940,14890842,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,IoG,"Адвенчура бородатого года. Никакой логики, только хардкор. Только для поклонников."
76561197972091986,Recommended,255940,7472095,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,reddog11123,Got to have to finish the story to 7th guest. Not as good as first but still fun.
76561198017736188,Recommended,255940,28588700,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Urias,Puzzle 'n' tale. 2nd best.
,Recommended,255940,28929673,Posted: 1 January,all,DJTreky,"The 11th Hour is the not-so-well recieved sequel to the beloved classic point & click adventure game, The 7th Guest.  It was Trilobyte's attempt to ride upon the coat-tails of its initial success with their first runaway hit and in many ways was a hit-and-miss title.The story picks up 60 years after the events of the first game, 60 years later!  So, it's only real returning cast member is Henry Stauf.  Besides Stauf himself and the iconic Stauf Mansion (which was poorly represented in the FMV), The 11th Hour really has nothing to do with the events of the first game at all.  It's a shame really, just think: a story focusing on the original protagonist coping as an adult years after his traumatizing experiences only to confront Stauf once again - it would have made for a better sequel concept.  Despite this, the game's story and setting isn't all that bad... but it isn't amazing either.On a technical level, Trilobyte improved upon its FMV process but the cheesy acting ends up undercuting that fact.  The game also ran on a later version of the ""Groovie"" engine than its predecessor, but when The 11th Hour was released the engine was considered to be outdated compared to many point & click engines of the time.  It didn't help that for many the engine didn't play nice on most hardware configurations of the time.  It frequently crashed and for some it wouldn't even make it past the first menu screen due to differences in CD-ROM drive reading speeds.  It prevented most (including myself) from being able to experience the game when it first came out.Despite these short-comings, there is much to appreciate about the game.  The soundtrack is amazing, the 3D rendered graphics and animations were further improved upon, the quality in FMV production improved, the puzzles were equally as challenging as the first game, the story was enough to keep you invested, and all of this lent itself well to a 90s nostalgia inducing atmosphere similar to The 7th Guest yet unique in it's own way.Had this game been advertised as an independent experience and had it ironed out the technical compatiblity issues, I believe it would have fared better for it's time.  I can only recommend this game if you enjoyed The 7th Guest, have a love for cheesy 90s nostalgia, and have a good sense of open-mindedness and a humor-me attitude.  You'll enjoy and appreciate the game better if you have all that coming into it.So... ""Let's take the time to find ourselves again,  away from daily stress and pain,  though we may find we'll not come back the same,  that happens sometimes when we play,  the Game."""
,Recommended,255940,28876667,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TipsyRam,This game did irreversible damageto my self esteem.10/10
,Recommended,255940,31321481,Posted: 23 April,all,stopitshaun,i can't take a breathwithout meeting mr. death
