user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,256010,17624924,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,superman81906,"1.  Has about 15% of the content in JA2.2.  No feeling or caring about the mercs at all as done so well in JA2.3.  About the only real thing this has in common with JA2 or JA is some artwork and names of the mercs.4.  Not even a finished or complete game as a stand alone product, and a galaxy away from the awesome JA2.5.  One product I wish I could just get my money back.  Now jaded about backing or early accessing anything at all.6.  It should be a crime to take a classic title of ANY great game and screw it up this bad."
76561197981770865,Not Recommended,256010,16456315,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,מלאך המוות - Klicky,"Ok let's be honest here, I love Turn-Based games and I remember playing Jagged Alliance 2 when I was a kid.. But this here.... I tried, I really REALLY tried to like this game, but there is nothing to like about this game. It is shallow, not only shallow it is bare, empty... it is a empty void with few shells that are the ""game"". AI if one may even call it that way is next to non-existent. Enemies will just charge you head-on. Shops are only on several places, almost no loot, no interaction with environment. No character customization, no nothing. The arsenal of those few weapons that are currently present in the game won't save it either. The gameplay is extremely boring and by boring I mean you will enjoy more fun by throwing money out of the window than using them to buy this bad joke of a game. It feels unfinished it feels rushed it feels unpolished it feels rigid and empty. If you love Turn-Based games grab a Wasteland 2 or something especially if it's on sale. Keep your hands off of this... 2/10..."
76561197962721376,Not Recommended,256010,12604804,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Lochmacher,"First, let me say that I LOVE the original Jagged Alliance games (JA, Deadly Games, and JA2).  That said, this game is a huge disappointment.Though they have progressed towards making a JA game, they have fallen FAR SHORT:-No world interaction.  You can't open doors, crates, climb onto roofs, or blow holes in walls.-The UI feels a lot worse than those of yester-year.  How is this even possible?  It seems incomplete and clunky, making even simple tasks awkward.-Character inventory is shallow.  Though they have added a ""squad inventory"", lack of items in the world and the randomness of enemy drops makes this a collection of junk rather than an armory.-In game engine is also clunky.  The game looks out-dated (JAZZ: Hired Guns anyone?) and plays poorly, with AI taking far too long to execute turns.  When a 2D game from 19 years ago looks more appealing, you might have failed.-Combat is lacking.  Enemies make poor decisions and don't try to flank, rushing at you and using the closest cover once in range.  Line of sight is extremely limited, making some scenarios (firing at a diagonal around the box right in front of you) a case of leaving cover to shoot at enemies who will miss you from 6 feet away.  It's honestly comical.-Lack of video options.  You can change ""bulk"" settings, but have to direct control over AA, V-Synch, texture quality, etc.  This seems both lazy and cheap in this day and age.-Sound design is weak.  Most sounds and music are pulled from JA2.  Again, this seems less of an homage and just a matter of frugality.-Map size is small.  This might just be an initial mis-giving, but there just isn't much there once you get into a sector.  No hidden items, no containers, limited NPCs...  Bland and empty.Give this one a wide berth until they ACTUALLY finish it.  As it is now, it has fewer features than that abortive JA: Online crap.  Play JA2, Xenonauts, XCOM, or even the UFO series instead.Additionally:-Cover is NOT implemented well, with enemies shooting you without you being able to shoot back; in some cases, they even shoot you THROUGH walls.-Militia is a joke.  You can't fight alongside them.  It's a cheaper version of the automated combat from JA2, but far simpler and with a graphic-less UI (at least JA2 had  portraits), and the enemy is CONSTANTLY roaming in larger bands than you can train in 2 days time.  I guess this makes up for the TINY map, as you need to re-conquer sectors.-Inventory is poor, with no attachments and most enemies dropping ZERO items, despite shooting you from extreme range with assault rifles.-Combat is a complete joke, with enemies being unaffected by traumatic gunshot and grenade wounds.  Occasionally, they might ""panic"", but it's a die-roll and not something that makes sense.  There is no suppression system, and the AP costs are so ridiculous that you will mostly be using snap shot and not moving once combat begins.  The enemy, of course, seems to have a lot more AP than you, popping off three shots after moving when you can barely manage 2.-Wound system, continued from above, does not remove APs from injured parties, but is based on hit location, with legs removing AP, head reducing next-shot to-hit, and body just causing damage.  I was not impressed when an unarmored soldier took a .50 HP to the chest and proceeded to run up to me and punch me.  STUPID.-CTDs.  On enemy turns, the game likes to crash (look for the tell-tale change of cursor and lack of animations).  This is somewhat reminiscent of JA2 1.08, so I guess they were somewhat faithful?  Try windowed (resolution hit) and you can cut back on the level of incidence.  SESO, otherwise.This was a regrettable waste of money AT THIS TIME.  Luckily, they did much better with Space Hulk, so give them your money for that and HOPE that they don't abandon this one in the mean-time."
,Not Recommended,256010,18980787,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,SONARIS,"After reading all the negative reviews, I still decided to pick this game up, a year after its release - it's was on sale for about $4. It's arguably still not worth it, but is perhaps a better execution than Back in Action.The good:- Looks ""better"" than BiA, but also just barely better than JA2- Improved camera over JA2, imho, ability to change perspective is a plus- Can create your own character, which make the story slightly more bearable- For the first hour or two it felt similar to JA2 in style and feel- Feels better than Back in Action overall- Game loads quickly- Theme music is greatThe bad:- Imersion breaking conversation system which doesn't take into account who is talking to who, completely ruins the vibe of the game- Clunky UI and poor execution of merc hiring and weapons merchant- Not nearly enough lootable containers- Poorly executed looting system with no sector-wide loot view post-combat like in JA2- Atrocious voice acting: Ivan sounds like a mentally challenged Scottsman for some reason, Buzz sounds like a raging feminist; voice talent choice is very lazy and totally breaks the atmosphere of the game- No choice in player character's voice- Almost no mods a year after release, nothing seems to have been fixed or improved- At just 4 hours in I'm really struggling to find the motivation to continue this ""journey""The idea itself was good, and some effort in development is clear, but feels like devs gave up after some time and just released the game to cut losses. Unfortunately this is another flop sequel which could have been much more but fell flat at the execution stage. At the end of the day, all this game did is make me want to just replay JA2 again."
76561198018847741,Not Recommended,256010,16462841,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Brasidas,"This is the first Jagged Alliance game I've played that I wanted to be over. At one point, I was only playing just for the tactical combat, which is a sad thing because as any JA fan knows, the game was about much, much more.Where the original franchise shone (JA, JA2, Deadly Games) was the attention to detail, the amazing voice acting and characterizations, the humor, strategic depth, the fact that all the mercs and NPCs felt ""alive"". It felt like you were in an interactive movie, not playing the game.I logged hundreds of hours playing the original JA series, and I didn't want it to end! Sadly, I couldn't wait to finish this one...(updated 25 June: since i realized some readers may want to know why)Pros:Not many. Tactical combat is acceptable. Weapons appear to be realistic and follow physics models when deciding outcomes. The battles made the game bearable.Cons:Voice acting nowhere close to the original JA series. Characters feel empty and 2-dimensional. NPCs could be developed more.Storyline was blah. I guess they did the best they could with a couple of twists here and there. Anyone remember a company called Sir-Tech and how they developed stories??Neutral on graphics, etc. They don't impress me that much for this type of game anyway, which is driven by other things.Lacking overall strategic depth. Apart from the tactical battles, the strategic management aspect of the game is pretty mild to non-existent. In the original JA, you could commandeer vehicles, travel by chopper, meet strange NPCs at random, etc. On this strategic map you can... train guards... oh wait...we do that already...Verdict:If you're REALLY REALLY curious and the game is on sale, pick it up and give it a test drive, otherwise don't bother. Hopefully some other devs can pick up the JA franchise and give it the attention that it (and the fans) deserve.4.0/10"
76561198006489992,Not Recommended,256010,12620798,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Captain Australia,"I'd like to think that I'm unbiased as I write this feedback (hoping that it will be a fair warning if you are researching the game) ... but I did really love Jagged Alliance 2, and felt it was a game ahead of it's time, full of personality, decision-making and fun.I've had a BRIEF play of this 'reboot', and I really struggle to find the motivation to spend any more time with it.  After an hour or two, I've had enough.The problem is, it's shallow.  I just see so many features missing or glazed over.  At least with 'Back in Action', the game had a pretty robust combat system that innovated on the original .. if JaBia had delivered on it's promise to bring over the personality and substance of the original JA2, and bring with it the new combat, it would have been awesome, instead of a disappointment.Flashback - well, it's even worse, I'm afraid.  It has fewer features than JaBia, the combat is dull, the AI is pretty much utterly stupid (sorry, to be specific .. you can be shooting at the AI and it will run past you and stand to it's back with you so you and your buddies can kill it).It has promise, and I really would be interested to play this game with another 6 months of rich development, but my feeling is that the people making it have exhausted all the upfront kickstarter money, and rather than grow a set of gonads and spend their own time and money perfecting the product - to yield the ultimate financial and reputation rewards of creating a wonderful, memorable game - they just launched early and incomplete.Animations are absent .. like, taking cover seems to be just .. standing there.. there is no corresponding action from the merc (at least that I can tell??) that they've taken cover.. nor can I see any easily accessible stat/graphic/icon or anything that tells me that they are actually in cover ..It's just .. weak.It's a weak, disappointing title, and I have buyers remorse.I regret buying it, and I actually don't give a flying poo-poo about twenty bucks .. I regret buying it because by doing so I'm supporting an outcome that I find increasingly unacceptable in the gaming world - releasing unpolished, feature incomplete, over-promise-under-deliver titles.I'd recommend you steer away from this game if you are considering buying it, at least in it's present form as at 25 October 2014.UPDATE:  As at 7 February 2015, I've had a second look and injected some more time into the game (apparently, according to the defenders of the game - some vested modders from ""the Bear Pit"", you have to have a minimum of 3 hours gameplay to have a valid opinion .... although I can tell if a game sucks pretty much right away, and you'd have to be mental to hack away at something that sucks just to confirm it doesnt suck, right?).  Anyway just to update, several months (and a few patches) later, the game is still quite awful .. it's boring, feature incomplete, poor AI, and as they fix other bugs, they apparently create new ones, like all the females for some reason now like to crawl around on their stomachs... if you're thinking about buying this game - think twice - you can get a lot more bang for your gaming buck elsewhere."
76561197970551177,Not Recommended,256010,12830549,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,wolandd,"***second review***Fair is fair and the game has improved a lot in the past couple months.  Interface has improved; NPC stores were implemented; stealth, melee and weapon attachments were added.  The game doesn't look nearly as unfinished as few months back... but in the end the big problems are not addressed and probably will not be as they seem to be a part of the design.On the turn-based tactical level the game is pretty good actually.  You could wish for more destructible environment or say high-grounds system, but in the end the game is enjoyable as it is...The island map though is just all wrong...Healing is too fast - in the original getting a merc wounded would put him/her of commision for days, in Flashback chances are they'll be fine by next morning... so there is litle incentive to run a clean mission, as long as merc still breathing by the end of the fight you'll be fine.Weapons and equipment is too easy to come by making a equipment management a chore where it used to be a crucial considiration.Money is too easy to get - despensing with the whole fund mamagement component.Squad inventory means you no longer need to decide what to take and what to leave in the sector - grab eveything, no worriesMilitia is useless even on the easy dificulty, you are probably better off just leaving sectors unguarded and recapturing them as needed (map travel times in Flashback seem to be shorten too so you'll get back in no time)Mercs lost their personality and uniquness - they have voices and background stories but when you have to make decisions about team building, equipment or tactical use - there is no significant difference between Ivan and Grizzly, Magic and Fidel.And then there are also more obvious problems.  You still can't open/close doors, can't climb to the roof, CAN summon mercs out of thin air, and CAN take cover behind immovable bulletproof cows.In the end the game is OK, more than OK in fact... but you are still better of playing Jagged Alliance 2.***original review***I am afraid I cannot recommend the game as it is now.The game is a very passable squad-based turn-based tactics, and to be fair it came closer to the original than any other JA wannabes in the past 15 years, but...It's like someone have tried to replicate your favorite dish.  They figured out most of the ingredients right (team management, strategic map layer, exploration, turn-based tactical combat), but they never got the original recipe so take their best guess to the proportions and processes.This shows up in a number of way, but first and foremost in the lack of polish.  JA2 sported the incredible level of attention to the details and polish that was trademark of Sir-Tech... Flashback - lack of polish shows in everything from ability to summon merc out of thin air, to clunky interface, to counter intuitive advancement system, to NPC names like beta_thug, to when and what your mercs say, to lack of balance in both strategic level and squad management.On top of that Flashback is literally unfinished game (several features are unavailable or unfinished)While the game had ""Early Access"" sticker on I kept hoping that all those problem would be fixed... in theory there is still a chance (developers promise patches that will do just that)... but until then... I do not recommend paying for this game.Bottom line: It's an OK game with great potential, but at the moment if you want JA experience you better of playing JA2 (especially with 1.13 patch)"
76561198005283699,Not Recommended,256010,28352150,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Bodhi's Pool Repair,"This is not a negative review, because I am a long time fan of the JA series and hate every developer that tries to innovate the formula and give us a game with more modern mechanics. I gave it a try, after all. This is a negative review, because it is a bad, unsupported (read: dead) and therefore overpriced game. And the fact that it is still up on Steam shows, that the devs still hope for unsuspecting fans to buy it. Don't buy this game for nostalgic reasons or for some of the positive reviews. It's a scam! Even the official site turned into a porn chat/you have won a new iPhone site. And that's always a sign of a professional product.I liked the way the devs approached the concept, giving you little tasks to accomplish the final one. The other games of the series dropped you on an island with one big task ahead: liberate it. For beginners they were not accessible. I think the devs managed to push JA: Flashback more in the direction of easy to pick up, but hard to master. That's why I gave my money to them in the first place and decided to buy in on Early Access. Which turned out to be a big mistake.The game started buggy and unfinished, got patched a bit, left Early Access as a mess (broken game mechanics, performance issues) and stayed like this. I played it again today and it was almost in the same state, when it left Eary Access. If there were improvements, I was not able to notice them. I am sure there wasn't anything new anyway, because the devs dropped the game completely. Why? Because they got bad reviews on Steam for the game's technical state and the devs took offence. Instead of fixing things.Don't buy it, I beg you."
76561198006647933,Not Recommended,256010,12602224,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Low_K,"I almost never don't recommend a game, but when a game promises a remake of one of my favourite games, Jagged Alliance 2 (or JA2 for short), of all time and does not deliver; I have to do it.Be advised; It is not recommendedin its current state. It is overpriced for the rushed state it is in. I will state some of the pros and cons:Pros:-Graphics are nice, improvement over the original. Sectors look good, as well as weather effects, mercs pictures and weapons look great.-Character Creation is added which is very good, I would have liked to have some sort of custom portraits (but that may be modded in in teh future)Cons:-Biggest con; The voice acting and quality of voices. They even added a merc with a computerised voice, appearantly a reward for a Backer during the Kickstarter Campaign. But although it gets explained ingame, the quality of that one (and the normal voices) is way below par. As FC has the license (and I can imagine also the original voices), they could have added the original JA2 voices.-Sloppy, boring interface; Minimalistic (with a capital ""M"")- Nothing like the original. Copying and updating the original interface would have heldped with immersion very much.-No laptop as in JA2-The shop NPC has no UI. No pictures of what you buy, nor an indication how much money you have left. You just have to click blindly until your money is gone and you cannot check ammo-requirements for certain guns, without going out of the shop menu.-Militia defending screen has been cut from the game, and now shows plain numbers. Militia are more useless than in JA2. Furthermore, you cannot assist in the defense of a sector together with militia, even when your mercs are in the same sector. The militiua get killed first, then your mercs can fight.-The whole game feels rushed, you can see that funding ran out. The whole game does not breather the atmosphere of the game it tried to remake; Jagged Alliance 2 and continues the trend of JA2 successor failures. All praise go to the original makers from Sirtech, who made a game which cannot be remade, not even in the current market!So I do not recommended the game in its current state. You better wait for either the price to drop and/or until the modders from The Bear's Pit got their hands on it. They made JA2 even better with patch 1.13, so it is possible to improve JA2. Surely someone can make a true remake of the game, it is a shame Full Control didn't have the funding to take this the whole way. I am very disappointed in the state of the game and it really should be renamed into Jagged Alliance: Under Construction."
,Not Recommended,256010,14440549,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,bobert awful (F+),"What happened to Jagged Alliance: Flashback? What happened was that it didn't have a chance.Two things were working against this game: The sub-standard budget ($360,000 Kickstarter budget + however many sales this game got on Early Access at $30 minus royalties) and Full Control's developers, who have in the past turned the board game Space Hulk into Space Suck through a ham-handed understanding of the mechanics and lack of polish.The former is unfortunate - because of this, features had to be cut. Features like character animations, a bunch of the mechanics from Jagged Alliance 2 (which is telling, because Flashback was supposed to be a lot like Jagged Alliance 2 with v1.13 patch features), running and managing your own base of operations, and skill trees. The developers didn't have enough funds or manpower to implement everything, which is a major disappointment.The latter is also unfortunate, because this game has one of the worst looking user interfaces I've ever seen. There's only one font for this game and it's an obnoxious '90's looking Geocities font that slides off the eyeballs. Thankfully, there isn't anything worth reading here, because the character bios and flavor text that help make Jagged Alliance's storytelling have been neutered by word limits and bland writing. The enemy AI is poor, the kind of poor intelligence that makes enemies stop when they see you and open fire, like dumb turrets asking for a bullet in the face. There's all sorts of minor yet annoying bugs that coalesce into one huge Megazord of♥♥♥♥♥♥ There is voice acting from every one of the mercs, but a lot of them re-use lines from Jagged Alliance 2 except in a worse manner OH♥♥♥♥♥♥HERE I AM COMPARING THIS GAME TO JAGGED ALLIANCE 2 AGAIN.All of this is a huge leap backwards, turning this Jagged Alliance game into something functional yet generic. I did have a little fun (I ran out of bullets for my squad thanks to terrible loot distribution, but had three or four flashbang grenades. So I had my gunner flashbang all the mercs while my melee-only character runs up and delivers fists of death into faces), but I'm not interested in seeing where this game goes because it's too much of a mess to play.I will say that the soundtrack is good and is successful at capturing the spirit of the old Jagged Alliance games. And I admire Full Control's persistence in trying to fix all of this with post-launch support and soldiering on when things look seemingly impossible. But I haven't seen anything in the past 16 years that would be a true successor to the franchise, and how Flashback turned out I don't think I'm ever going to at this point.Rest in peace, Jagged Alliance."
76561198041183021,Not Recommended,256010,12659341,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,DrAke,"Again and again, we, old time JA 2 players trust some guys who declare that ""we raised JA 2 from the dead and returned it to present!"". But each time all we get - a crushing and stunning dissapointment. The only thing that developers consistently do is copying mercs names, and filling the merc roster with our old pals. When you finish hiring guys to your party, you are thrown out of nostalgic dream and meet the harsh reality like when falling into dirt on your face.Step by step my dissapointment grew stronger and stronger, until my patience finally cracked and I shouted at my monitor and beated my mouse in an epic wrath.So, these were my steps which I hope you don't ever feel by yourself:Step 1: Graphics.My first thaught was ""really, guys? you forgot to draw a face on that character model?"" I do understand that kickstarter projects are not supposed to have outstanding graphic design, but THIS is just a trash. Ok, in the real gameplay graphics are not looking so bad, but why then i have this enormous lags at my Core I7 GeForce 760 GTX???Step 2: Interface.At a first look, everything is in place, but when I tried how it really works, it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. Choosing all squad members at the same time is a real challenge, I need at least 2-3 tries before it works. And still they do not move together - just one by one with a great distance.Dialogue buttons are written in such colours so I can barely see what I say. But, actually, it doesn't matter.When I tried to buy a gun it was ♥♥♥♥ing torment. First of all - I can't sell my guns! Yeah, that's it - throw them out if you don't need them. And I thought developers can make something more comfortable that text trade interface.Step 3: SoundMY MERCS ALWAYS SAY THE SAME ♥♥♥♥IN WORDS!!! I had to turn off voices to save my nerves.You can turn all sounds off except gunfire, and you won't feel something is missing.Step 4: GameplayThere is no button like ""stealth"" or something - but the game insists that it actually has stealth. Actually, no matter how i tried, I haven't managed to get so close to the enemy to hit him with a knife.There are no weapon mods: no silencers, optical zooms, laser pointers and all that stuff.Amount of guns is too low, and MY GOD, look at the guns' brands - ""Bolt"", ""Tinchester"", ""M1 Dagrand"" and so on... This is ridiculous...Mercs can not climb on rooftops, and even over small tiny garden fences. I haven't seen any locked doors, and even any CLOSED doors - there are just doorways.Tactics is rudimentary... When you enter a sector you cannot choose entry point, you just go through the main gate. If you croos your ways in jungle with a traveling soldier squad, be ready to get surrounded right in a middle of a location by 7-10 guys. The only thing that saves you - is that they are extremely stupid and keep going on you like on a firing range. Fights come to this: pick a good position, and wait until enemy comes to your aim.And the thing that ♥♥♥♥ed all the game finally - CALCULATIONS!How the ♥♥♥♥ my mercs cannot hit the target 5 times in a row with 82% chance ho hit???It seems to me that accuracy calculations are just a fake, cause my actual hits don't confirm the chances.When I had two turns with 2 enemies standing on a perfect range (8-10) and 3 of my mercs with 75 marksmanship an 75% chance to hit could even hit a single time, it was the last drop. And I thought: ""why am I tortuting myself with this crap? It's a bad game, no matter what title it carries. If it wasn't called Jagged Alliance, I'd quit after a first very battle and deleted it forever"". It's not JA, it's not even a decent game, it's another time that people make money of our good memories."
76561198028420467,Not Recommended,256010,13265985,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Player One,"The main problem of this game is a very, very, very stupid AI. Enemies are just running towards you, even if you are in cover. So the tactic is just shoot from the cover. I'v cleared 10 sectors without single wound just doing like this. No sense to continue playing this game, its too booooooooring."
,Not Recommended,256010,12770364,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Deathwind,"This game has a lot of potential but it isn't even close to living up to expectations yet.I loved JA2, but this is more like a really buggy version of JA1.To give a concrete example, here's my first playthrough:Battle 1: AI is a moron and just runs up to my starting merc who guns them down without a scratch.Battle 2: AI runs up to my team and starts knifing them without triggering an interrupt (it turns out you have to select a button to let the computer know you would like an interrupt. Lousy UI there.)Battle 3: I'm walking through town and suddenly the AI starts shooting my guys through the walls of buildings. When I try to shoot back (and I'm using the interrupt button this time), I'm told I can't shoot back because there is no LOS to the guys that are shooting my team. Rocks fall, everybody dies.Take my advice and just play the original JA2 (and/or any of the million and a half disappointing clones) until this improves.My advice is to wait and see if it is developed further before purchasing."
76561197968116408,Not Recommended,256010,14970860,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Fishook,"Even though I quite enjoyed playing this tilte, I simply cannot recommend it. Yes the combat was pretty good when attacking sectors but defending them was a chore.The AI was'nt the best, the interface clunky to say the least. I suppose it due lack of money and sales. The developer this week has annouced they are stopping developing more titles, and mainly supporting there other title Space Hulk Accession. You may get some enjoment if the title is dirt cheap, ie if like squad based TBS.I did'nt help using the name Jagged Alliance as people have higher expections due to previous JA2 using the 1.13 mod."
,Not Recommended,256010,12625271,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,firehawkdc,"I've always enjoyed playing JA in the past (JA, JA2 and even JA:BiA), but this current permutation (JA:F) leaves a really bitter taste and doesn't do the JA franchise much justice.The UI implementation isn't intuitive, store menus are...text-based, you can't seem to sell stuff, group movement is clunky and you'll have your mercs running all over the place instead of keeping formation in buildings, diffculty doesn't seem progressive because you'll be swarmed pretty early in the game, your team keeps getting ambushed when you start a map just by standing still for a few seconds too long, non-core NPC speech is a joke (literally) and that's just from the first hour of playing the game.It's frustrating to play JA:F, I can't in good conscience recommend it to anybody (even the people I hate).I'm going to write it off as a JA title that never happened and maybe reload JA:BiA to cleanse my palate."
76561198004951232,Not Recommended,256010,12601414,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Coprolite,"I loved Jagged Alliance 2, particularly with the 1.13 patch. It was one of those games which despite its (often hilariously) simple production values, managed to combine rather deep tactical turn-based combat with tongue-in-cheek badassery. So I got a little excited when these folks put out their pitch about how much they loved Jagged Alliance 2 and intended to make a spiritual successor, and figured, ""Hey. I'll support this.""Early access was basically unplayable, but I figured hey... it's early access. They're going to smooth things out.But they never REALLY smoothed it out. What we ended up with at release was a rather lame reskin of the combat interface from the new XCOM, minus any of the polish and a lot of the functionality. For some reason, the game takes place in a country where literally every door is left open. There seems to be no useful stealth mechanic, or any form of suppressive fire.Literally the only thing they've captured from the original -- and the only promise they really kept -- is the bad voice acting. Somehow they've managed to make each and every character in the game as grating as Ira or Biff.Skip this. If you have JA2, download the fan-made 1.13 patch which refines the combat system and adds a wealth of new equipment. This isn't a spiritual successor. It's an abortion. If it were a $3 smartphone game, it would be mediocre."
,Not Recommended,256010,12599256,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,The Nutmeg Of Consolation,"Even after the first few maps I can say the following:This game feels still very much like Early Access.Framerates are all over the place, although my PC is a powerhouse.The cursor gets randomly stuck with the wrong icon, which makes it difficult to click the indented area.Also, there are 4 possible views and since walls dont get invisible it can get difficult to navigate, when there are clickable objects in the way.Enemies randomly forget about their AI and stop doing anything.Maps so far didnt include any explorable stuff. Container alsmost always just contain ammo.Overall I guess the developers need a lot more time to really finish this game.Addid AP to targeting often doesnt increase the hit-percentage at all.Overwatches sometimes, even with full AP, dont fire and enemies have free shots. Makes tactical planning difficult/impossible."
76561198024917298,Not Recommended,256010,31090306,Posted: 11 April,all,Ken,"This game does not live up to the Jagged Alliance experiance. While the 3d graphics were cool, the game play mechanics fall just short of JA1.  If you are looking for something comparable to JA1 or JA2 this game is not for you."
,Not Recommended,256010,12660263,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,QoMSoL,"2015Now that a refund system is here I requested one for this game and I recommend you do the same. Full Control should be revealed as the irresponsible and lazy team that they are and shunned for their attempt to scam the Jagged Alliance community.Seriously, I paid the same amount of money for The Witcher 3. Do I see the difference in quality? Oh boy, do I indeed!***2014I don't really write huge reviews. But as a JA fan I feel like I need to get this out there and warn people about this crappy beta that in no way resembles JA.I will probably try to play it a bit more in search of any kind of sense in playing it, maybe it's out there, but I really have no high hopes here.But seriously, guys, even JA1 had a better interface and management with all the mechanics in place like weapon upgrades and such. Yes, it was primitive (from the modern perspective) but it was all intact, made sense and was quite easy to use. FFS! Even the interrupt system was all good. And this here product doesn't even reach that old level of quality, which is, quite honestly, just plain freakin ridiculous.I actually had high expectations for this since there were two lousy attempts at JA glory, called ""Jazz"" (you probably never even heard of it, goes by the name ""Hired Guns: The Jagged Edge"" outside Russia i believe) and JA: back in action (I literally shiver all over when I have to say or write JA in the name of this... this... thing) both of which were just godawful. And when people in IT community pointed out the existence of this project on Kickstarter I read the info and for whatever reason believed the devs on the spot. I really hoped that Flashback would actually finally be a worthy tribute for one of my all time favorite turn-based games. Then I paid for early acces and tried every version till the very release updating my review. And all I saw was disappointment. And now we have arrived and I am ashamed, ashamed for being so naive and trusting mostly. But also for supporting blindly what was never going to happen.Don't even think of buying it. It is incomplete and there is a good chance it never will be. All you need to do is look at the screenshots and gameplay (so called) videos to realize this isn't JA. It's just some crappy attempt to rip off people. Or it's an honest attempt to make a good game that ended up in a failure. Either way one thing this game is not - a JA successor. Sorry.You want a cheap turn based tactics - go right ahead and get this on the next sale. But if you want a JA game, better play the good old JA2. Maybe one day we'll deserve a good new JA or at least a decent remake :'(P. S. Also one of the devs gave a nice little speech on what's what that consisted of nothing but excuses. ""We don't have enough cash, we don't have enough people, we can't make a decent art style, we can't get it fully done in time, blablabla"". Not Interested In Excuses!!! Already PAID for it! So deliver or GTFO! I know game development is some tough ♥♥♥♥ but if you weren't up to this in the first place you shouldn't have started the ""resurrection of a legend"". You could've just called the game ""Mercs, tactics, guns, whatever, pew-pew"" and do your best. But, nooo! You had to call it JA (cuz you needed the money real quick, to this day this is how I see it). Well that calls for some certain level of quality and you couldn't reach it. Not even close, man!P. P.S. Oh, and don't be lazy guys, scroll through some of the reviews. OMFG! We even have some generic fake positive reviews. Wow, just wow. How low can you go, people?*****Gameplay logs here:28.10.2014 Put a few more hours in it and GOD is it pathetic! How do I prolong the contract with my man Shadow here? Hell if I know. Rescued farmers daughter. ♥♥♥♥♥ asks to come with me I agree and only then she tells me she'll need money (for her mad skillz as a pro killer and soil manager apparently). A farm girl wants money. A farm girl that would wind up♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and murdered in prison if it wasn't for me doesn't want to go back to daddy, she wants revenge and pew-pew for my money in my equipment and with my gunz no less. Well ♥♥♥♥ me sideways. Guess what girl? You're going hand to hand against those evil Prince's (ROFL, terrible prince, oooooh!) goons the next fight to show that you're worth the money. Hell, I'll even give you a machete. Not that you need it since you're a badass pro killah with a fat paycheck but I'm feelin generous 2day.Notes:- no interactive doors, very few interactive objects and some interactive containers that contain absolutely random stuff (box on a farm has listening device and bullets while lockers and chests of a military lookin sector got beer and bandanas, sweet)- when you turn around from any person or enemy he or she disappears immediately even if right behind you or to the right, or to the left, simply put - if not in front of you - poof! Magic!- 90% of the enemies drop no guns. It was always an issue in JA2 but here we are again 15 years later steppin on the same rake, great.- interrupts didn't work well poppin out at random in early access, so to occur they were assigned a special button in one of the last ea updates. Very convenient *megasarcasm 9001*- bulletproof cows may serve as a full cover"
76561198045126045,Not Recommended,256010,12885611,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,brownst4,"JA 2 is one of my all-time favorite games, so I dropped the cash on this right after it popped up on Steam. As you can see from my play time I really tried to give it a chance.  However, every time it was about ready to hook me, I would find another reason to feel let down by it.  I could list all the things that are wrong with the game, but that's already been done by the other reviewers before me.  So, I'll just say unless the devs plan on doing some extensive work to the game, I would avoid it like the plague."
,Not Recommended,256010,30798917,Posted: 28 March,all,Fuzzy Crumpet Nuggets 257,"Sub-par to say the least for a Jagged Alliance game.Practically no mercenaries to choose from.Horrible camera system. You can't free move camera as it is set to one of four DIAGONALLY ANGLED views. Zoom in is limited to up and down; useless as it literally just goes on top of a merc's head and blocks out any possible chance of seeing anything. Being zoomed up as far as one can go still gives you such a barely visible field of view you're luckily to get killed because you can't see anything, maybe it's to compensate for the following:AI is extremely stupid. Perhaps the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera system is trying to make up for this by semi-blinding you? I have had AI run up to me point blank and stand there to let me kill them. Sometimes they are ultra heavily armed and so outnumber you, this again is a poor attempt to compensate for really bad AI.No leaving a map until you kill the enemy completely; which is a problem because one out of five times the enemy isn't even in map and you have to load a save.The map is very small, and every sector is extremely small with really almost no items and 99.9% of NPCs can't actually be talked to to say anything useful. The ones that do say something useful have so little dialogue with such rediculous story attempts with no logic or meaning to them it's laughably stupid.Random item box system is annoying, you can open it and find great stuff then die, load save, come back and your sniper rifle and 50 rounds with a bipod attachment is now a can of beer.Many missions can't be completed due to glitches where an event does not register.For fear of being sued or whatever due to copyright infringement, (something that basically doesn't exist in the gun manufacturer world because they love free exposure, Magnum Research's Desert Eagle is a big example of this as they used to have a section of their website dedicated to the gun being used in games and movies) they have come up with idiotic fake names for guns which ruins the atmosphere... especially since this was never anything done in the other Jagged Alliance games. I don't feel like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Goldeneye-esque atmosphere, thanks.Money is way too easy to get. Barely playing I was getting about 17000 a day, the average merc costs about $5k with equipment a day.Good weapons are nearly impossible to get, but given that the enemy loves to run up to you and just stand there doing nothing half the time, it doesn't matter so long as you can get a few submachine guns and practically never miss on full auto thus getting quick kills.When you get a decent weapon, (IE the horrendous fake ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ized FAL/G3 hybrid rifle) the game becomes so overwhelmingly in your favor (practically impossible to miss, even in full auto, at insane distances and each round does huge damage) that the game goes from feeling like  a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥time waster to like playing a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥time waster with cheat codes or a trainer.The story to this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥too. Stop a drug lord or he will magically take over the world, America first, by making everyone ever addicted to some new drug. Oh and your contact is someone you never see who will spew broken english at you on the first sort of faux-tutorial map through text in the upper right hand corner. Essentially: 'oh the CIA was escorting me to someplace safe but the helicopter crashed so while I did take their help and wanted their protection, I now don't care and am magically going back to the fight.' TOTALLY BELIEVABLE AND LOGICAL. Ahuh.Don't spend money or time, play JA2 or hell even the barely-better Back in Action or Crossfire. At least those have some challenge. I understand Russians love the whole Jagged Alliance style tactical shooter games, but whoever owns the license and or rights to JA needs to REALLY stop handing it out to any Russian who can scrape up enough dough. The ripoffs are bad enough without making the ripoffs ""official games."" JA is dead and gone. Thanks a lot."
,Not Recommended,256010,14583592,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,spot_d,"I fell for the ""more like the JA2 then the other new stuff"" story.  The truth is that its not even close.Can't climb rooftops, can't open or close doors, trees block your view so  you can't even see what you are doing,  Spirit's voice sounds like alien sex robot in stead of an african lady,  AI is not even close to JA2.. which ran on a pentium 1..If you are a fan of JA2.. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.. play JA2 again because the graphics of this one aren't even that much better and although the gameplay of the ""back in action"" version was not great.. it still is actually better than this one. This is not a better version of the other new games in the series. It is not well programmed. This all feels like it was done by mediocre developers on a very thight budget."
76561198046144692,Not Recommended,256010,12850812,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gus,"Loved all the JA series even JABIA, but this is pure bad!!! Good grief!!!Backed the game in kickstarter, even payed more to have the early release, but sadly this game is just BAD, Cannot sell inventory, shops does not even have pixs of items, merc names are off the original, guns are not named right, dialogues are not even voiced, defends with squad always spawning in the middle, regularly hanging in the middle of battle esp after an enemy panics, cover does not seem to work, HELL more then half of the stuff doesn't work correctly, seriously Full Control, is this the best you can do??? If you do not have the all licenses, then please don't even name this JA.Come on Full Control, this is just BAD!!! This effort is a disgrace to JA and yourself!This is a good example why i will not even consider backing future kickstarter projects."
,Not Recommended,256010,12653314,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Marty McFlash,"They released it unfinished, which unfortuately seems to be standard for PC games these days.  Features are yet to be implemented, or just seem to be missing entirely.  If you played the classic Jagged Alliance games, you'll see what I mean.   Many other reviewers have gone into better detail on this, so I won't repeat them.Certain things about the game just make you flip your desk in frustration.  Characters crouching behind cover will often shoot the cover right in front of them. I mean, come on. These are supposed to be trained mercenaries and they can't figure out how to shoot their weapon OVER the hood of a car, rather than INTO it?I'm just not having much fun with this game. Still waiting for the next great squad-based tactical strategy/RPG.If you're on the fence about the game, I'd suggest waiting another year to see if the devs improve upon it or not."
,Not Recommended,256010,14438395,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Noodles,"Not quite what I was expecting from this franchise.  Can't help but be annoyed when you're in a town that's attacked and, for some reason, you're no longer in the good cover position you put yourself in, but out in the open, laying down, facing away from the enemy that's spawned right behind you.  Oh, and there's no chance to move before combat starts, so the goon gets free shots before you can make your move.  When you finally take him down, rather than dropping the FAL, VSS or M82 he's been peppering you with, all he'll drop is a bandage and a few rounds of .38 SPC.  Also, sometimes it's possible to see through walls and shoot through rocks for both you and the enemy.Now, I'm not saying it's not a good game by any means, it certainly has potential, but not quite like this.  I'd much rather be playing 7.62 right now, though."
,Not Recommended,256010,12743738,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Mr Elusive,"This game is clearly not finished. Unless they do some serious patching, don't bother."
,Recommended,256010,13864810,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ABooterror,"It's not on the level of a JA2 (or even JA1), but still it is a good game. You can mod it quite well (if you use windows - on Linux it's a different story). It's a solid game and if you like your strategy games - you should at least think of buying it.Don't expect JA2 and you might be happy with JA-Flashback"
76561197974884188,Not Recommended,256010,13018401,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,The LARP King,"Very dissapointing if you are just looking for a deep stratigy game experience, especially if you are a fan of Jagged Alliance. If you're a modder on The Bear Pit, then it's exactly what you expected.As a fan of previous Jagged Alliance games, I've put more time into this title then I expected to. I did not do this becaues I felt like I was having a good time. I kept playing because I was convinced that if I gave it more of a chance it would grow on me. Almost exactly like how I felt with the older titles, as well the failed remakes like Brigade E5, and Back in Action.Although unlike the other titles, this game just did not grow on me.I had picked up the Early Access and gave the first island a shot. It felt simple at the time, melee wasen't even in it at this point, so I knew I was pretty early and so forgiving of the barebone features. Knowing that the game had much further to go, what was already there felt great! I was thrilled that this company was getting the basics of Jagged Alliance down, and I couldn't wait follow the updates as they came.Except they didn't really come. I remember 1 or 2 monthly updates to the steam early access page, and then one day instead of an update there was an announcement that the game would be released. I was shocked.Upon release, it still lacked soul. It lacked the many familiar features one can find in most other failed Jagged Alliance remakes. The developers and development community insist that many of these features are either not needed, too expencive, or coming in future patches.A month later however, the only new feature is ammo types. In the meantime the company has released another project, a re-imagining of their Space Hulk game.There is a quote from a post their Dev team made on the Forums that reads:""In hindsight there were so many things we could and should have done differently, be more prepared, produce a playable version and not spend so much time on creating a website. Looking back we really should have spent more time producing solid high level designs to communicate our vision to you.""As a modding platform, it's supposed to be flexible enough so that one day someone at The BearPit might pump out a JA:F 1.13. But that kind of doesn't help the average Jagged Alliance fan who intended to back a videogame and didn't realize they were actually investing in moding utilities."
76561198051753752,Not Recommended,256010,15360913,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Flinty,"=> Linux version is BROKEN with infinite loading screen, IMPOSSIBLE TO  PLAY<==> YES you read correctly, the game is UNPLAYABLE since it won't load <=Hit and run, they even managed to fully break the game (infinite loading) on their last patch they pushed ""in between other work"".It just shows how much they give a f c u k.Do Not Buy. There is cheaper and better out there."
76561198030790480,Not Recommended,256010,16262016,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,jaynz,"I won't waste a lot of time or space on this one. This game is quite literally 'abandonware' in that the company making it released an unfinished, buggy, terrible version of this game before promtply going out of business. Avoid this one at all costs and just play JA2 instead."
76561197967514685,Not Recommended,256010,18973168,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Foo Nir,"Even that i only played around 1 hour.....it is enough to say as JA veteran player that this feels like an unfinished product and is still an early access game.Though it is playable, there seems to me not much development done since release.Unfortunatly the game deserves the negative reviews, but feel free to make your own mind, like i did."
76561197967904767,Not Recommended,256010,12598454,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,DaEzNoob,"This game has no exploration (boring town and no items to pick up), no story, no character depths, no atmosphere, the font is big but hard to read. The combat is decent, though."
,Not Recommended,256010,13166295,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Shaved Ape,"JA: Flashback is a game that was barely funded during its kickstarter, and it shows.  It feels like it's still in beta, with several features that should be implemented but aren't, like doors that actually open and close, only ground-level height, and an 'energy' bar which has no real purpose.  There are also numerous misspellings which should have been caught months before release.  Overall it's a barebones, unpolished experience that you are being charged a premium price for.  The devs claim to be updating with additional features, but I'd be surprised if they can turn what was released into anything resembling the previous games.For prior JA fans, this is not the JA reboot you're looking for.  Getting into the features that were cut would take too much time, suffice it to say the vast majority of them are gone.   For new players, it's a functional but lackluster turn-based isometric strategy shooter.  It does what it's supposed to, nothing more, but there are other games out there in the same genre and style that do everything better, and for a lower price.  Give XCOM: Enemy Unknown a try instead.p.s. My play time should be about 4 hours higher than what's displayed, it's been reset a couple of times.  I don't know if that's another game issue or just Steam being weird."
76561198088899050,Not Recommended,256010,21187506,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ClawlessVictory,"If you're interested in playing a remake of Jagged Alliance 2 that's inferior in almost every way with even less content, then I highly recommend this game.Personally, I won't spend a dime on anything these developers are ever involved with."
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,256010,30234508,Posted: 27 February,all,stuguy909,"Review #2:My first review hit on the fact that the developer ""released"" the game while it looked and felt like a tech demo and further development on the game ceased.  A lot of folks were spurned by the fact that they pledged money on kickstarter hoping they would get a highly modifiable Jagged Alliance like game in a newer engine, only to see the game largely unfinished, and unpolished.  I too felt swindled when I bought in during the alpha phase, and saw the announcement that the game was done shortly afterwards.  I wrote it off as a loss, but the developers have seemed to be apologetic of some sort, as more development has continued, albeit not for quite some time now.So what's the status now that some time has passed?  Well, the game runs stable, though I can see my primary squad's character names appearing through the ground in the center of the screen, even when I am in another squad on another map cell.  However, the game is much improved compared to when it launched.  A lot more cover and objects have been added into the game.  There are also more quests, and the story actually progresses, although it's boring.  Overall, Flashback is still not a fun tactical game.  The simplistic square tile and XCom Enemy Unknown cover system rip off just doesn't work for me.  It would have been better if there was raised terrain, additional floors, cliffs, etc.  The battles are largely based on your ability to setup an ambush from cover and lure the enemies into a firefight from your fighting positions.  There isn't much of a point to sneaking, the enemy seems to always detect you no matter what.  So take cover and hold on to your hats.So I will now break the game down into the good and bad:The Good:- You can buy mercs.- It has IMP, so you can create yourself.  This was updated as well, so there are more customization options than what I played with a long time ago.-You can find mercs in towns and special locations and hire them later, I thought that was kind of a cool dynamic.  That you aren't limited to online mercenaries, but could call locals.-Militia is working-Economy-Lots of gun choices-Snipers working in tandem with scouts are quite useful-Graphics aren't bad-AI reads and reacts, sort of.  They sometimes flank you, though I don't know if that was the random positioned enemy responding to noise or a real flanking manuever.  Noise draws them in, though this is also a flaw in tactics.-Dialogue tree-modsThe Bad:-No Bobby Rays.  I'm sorry, but you fail at JA if you don't have Bobby Ray's-Only some of the Mercenaries from the original game are in this.  In fact, if it wasn't for the fact you can find mercs in town, I would argue that there just aren't enough mercenaries online to pick from.  They also randomly go out on missions, so you aren't always gauranteed to get the guy you want.-Square tile combat is an XCom Enemy Unknown ripoff, and it sucks.-Movement feels very restricted, and moving units around feels clunky because of the restrictive square tile system.-Cannot interact with doors-No height elevations, everything is on the ground floor-Enemies always seem to detect your most skilled ninjas after you hang around them for a while, IE: I had an 85 sneak character hiding behind a tree trunk about 15 tiles BEHIND the enemy soldier.  After about 10 seconds, he automatically started combat with me and started shooting, even though I was prone, hiding, not making noise, had high sneak, and he wasn't looking at me.  Quite frankly, I was never able to successfully sneak up on anyone and engage in melee.  It's useless.-Story is not that interesting, in fact, it makes no sense.  You are a CIA agent sent on a rescue / recovery operation that got botched, and now you have to assassinate a dictator because some foreign lady on the radio said so.-Though the game has a dialogue tree, most of the NPC's feel like you respond with ""OK"" and ""Whatever"".-There aren't really any mods that scream Jagged Alliance 2 version 1.13.-A lot of the tiles and objects feel cookie cutter.  The fact that everything is squeezed into entire blocks, all the same size, makes the game feel like a math puzzle, unnatural.-No obstacle interaction, climbing, jumping, etc.  It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if you get flanked or have to move.  Everything is measured in equal sized blocks, so you have to walk all the way around an obstacle to get cover from a flanker.Summary: If you love Jagged Alliance and think you want this game, don't.  I really think the developer just wanted to make a quick buck, but found it wasn't such a great idea.  This turd is likely a black mark on their resume."
,Not Recommended,256010,10269298,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,xsubtownerx,"It's really hard to find reasons to recommend this current ""build"" to anyone. The potential for Jagged Alliance: Flashback is there. This game will eventually be a blast to play (based on what the development team wants to do). But as of right now, with very little content and allot of unimplemented features, this current build is very empty. And for the relatively high price you will pay for the early access, I recommend you wait a little while longer before investing.http://youtu.be/ZLK-8xp_s9w"
76561198007323673,Not Recommended,256010,14865500,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,wwbs,"hi,i was playing in the 90s ja1 and so on....this game is really a joke !the old ja2 is much better !you can demoliton walls or something there is no tnt in the game or other heavyweapons( so the explosives skill is not even used only to throw granades )you can not open doors or chests or build some kind of updates for you weapons( so the mechanic skill is also not even used only to repair weapons )the medic skill is not based on skill if you have 1skill point you can use bandages with 100% success chanceso some how the medic skill is also not used !the AI is a joke they dont burst or throw granades, but the often kill there selfs by friendly fire, and if you hide in a building you can kill a gang of npc without getting harmed.there are no rooftops or something everything plays on ground lvl.the prince guards at the end fight have no torso and head , just legs the have to make them harder to hit, but they anyway die fast on legcritsonly positiv is that the graphics are better then in ja2 , everthing else is worserIAM REALLY DISAPOINTED"
,Not Recommended,256010,12613989,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Dirkradix,"Don't let the screenshots fool you. The graphics is terrible. Unfocused. The UI is  lacking. The keybindings are incomplete, there's no group movement binding. The font is a pain to read.I bought the game thinking it would be like JA:BIA, it's not. It leeches off the name ""jagged alliance"". Even jagged alliance online has better gameplay.Overachieving game that fails to deliver.3/10. Waste of money."
,Not Recommended,256010,29179058,Posted: 11 January,all,Lea,is this still in early access ??lots of unfinished tons of bug
76561198046327225,Not Recommended,256010,12822974,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Kamelelele,"I just want to say that im a real JA2 (1.13mod) and that im realy disappointed about the game in current state.I expected a lot more weapons,attachments,looting and many more things like in the 1.13mod.you said and you promised to make a real pre sequel!!!! like the other ones you didnt deliver (jagged alliance Back in action)I hope that you guys make alot of patches and that the bearpit community makes alot of mods so that this game becomes a real JA3 game it has potential to be one.For the real Ja2 fans dont buy this game not in this current state"
,Not Recommended,256010,12626746,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,TheOurea,"This game quite sucks so far. There are lot of things that I would leave out of it and much more that I would use. I am really disappointed I waisted my money and my time on this game. But I still hope these guys will keep on updating it, until it looks and feels good. But in this stage of the game I would not recommend it to anyone who used to (or still does like me) enjoy the Jagged Alliance 2."
76561198016994669,Recommended,256010,13357330,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Yunusoglu,Just let this game cook with some community dressing people. I truly believe this game will carry the name of JA franchise further.
76561197990640409,Not Recommended,256010,12804522,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,butch858,"I love the Jagged Alliance games, however I detest this. The graphics fall so far short of the mark it may aswell be 1999 never mind the combat system nor the text based shop. Ive played games in beta with a more finished feel to them. This is going off my list until its patched or theres a good few mods around. £24.99 for this your having a laugh.....I'd say fortunatly I got it for 50% but then thats still to much, £3.99 I wouldnt complain infact I've bought better for £3.99.Over all i feel mugged and would like a refund but ive got more chance of being a test pilot for Virgin Galactic."
76561197988994736,Not Recommended,256010,16630938,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,thejoche,"I tried twice to get into this game. I could not force myself to enjoy it, even if I really wanted to.  I am a huge fan of the original games and the wild fire expansion/mod.  This game has NOTHING to do with the original- just a vague similarity in the overview map and type of game.  This was a stinker of a game that only has the large variety of guns going for it.  Uninteresting and unengagin story, no humor ( despite the admittedly awesome original trailer for the game), bland, boring, repetitive and just not good.  Don't spend more than $2.00 for this game.  2/10"
76561197980523260,Not Recommended,256010,14510950,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Stone_Templar,"Not ready yet. So unpolished.This is a shame. I beyond love JA series, and have replayed JA:2 many times and honestly I felt at first like this had a real chance and still does.They just aren't working on it. Did they get too much money? Did they decide to just say it's finished and walk away? This game could be amazing...Could be. It's not. Save your money, for now."
76561198026509245,Recommended,256010,21522488,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,nickypooh,"JA Flashback: Unfinished, Unsupported & Unloved.This is a turn based (JA1/JA2 style), squad size command, Turn-based RTS game using the Jagged Alliance theme.JA Flashback will forever be a Work In Progress. The game suffers from the small budget, funded by mostly JA fans in a  tiny kickstarter campaign, and unloved by the Steam gaming hordes. Unable to port to console, Harsh Steam forum reviews and poor sales revenue have forced the developer to abandon the game.The only reason you would buy this game, is to MODIFY this game. With Thanks to the game Developer & Kickstarter community, there are many game files that have been externalised to support user/player modifications. Game modifications can be easily achieved by using basic MS Windows Notepad software.Jagged Alliance Intellectual Property is now controlled by Nordic Games. There are no current plans to release another JA title.I have played The Division Beta. If JA Flashback had been done in the same game style as The Division, it probably would have been more successful."
76561197989094829,Not Recommended,256010,18787269,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,zubryk,Worst Jagged Aliance ever!!!! That game is not worth a broken penny.
76561198030777156,Not Recommended,256010,16179972,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,winterknight13,This is the worse game I've ever played. The graphics are not very good and the promises the developers have made have not been delivered
76561198041216720,Not Recommended,256010,12596784,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,j.cop,"I want to like this game, but it feels as half as good as the original: There are Skills missing. It is not possible to loot a site. It feels a little bit too ""sterile"", e.g. the voices are really nice but the character pictures doesnt have any animation while talking. There is no quicksave/load feature. The strategic map looks very small. You cannot leave a sector after beginning a fight (flee). You cannot place you squad at the beginning of a sector attack. and so on .... :-("
76561198159996747,Recommended,256010,13884600,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,mruno23,"The battles make a lot of fun!!!Of course, there is some work to do. But remember... its a kickstarter game and they did a good job!For Real, i did not expect JA3, but I had about 30 hours of fun playing ja flashback!Also im ernst, die Kämpfe sind super und das was JA ausmachen. Klar, mehr Sprachausgabe, Story, Söldnereigeneschaften, etc. wären sehr wünschenswert, aber das nützt mir auch nichts bei den packenden taktischen Kämpfen... Ich habe das Spiel 30 Stunden ohne Probleme spielen können und wurde süchtig danach! Ich hoffe, es wird noch weiter entwickelt!"
76561198061186954,Not Recommended,256010,14423269,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Chito_Bro,At the least its something to play but pretty garbage compared to the original even the updated graphics kinda suck theres isnt any stealth. The weapons and inventory management is alright I guess but the specialties are no longer like auto weapons or night ops theyre pretty garbage too. Cant open and close doors or interact with the environment like you could in the original.  Control feel weird too overall im happy i paid 75% off because I had paid full price for this I would be mad right now. Its deccent enough to play good idea behind it but overall kinda sucky and n ot nearly as good as the original it would have been nice to get something true to the original but with updated graphics and better gameplay.
76561197992646415,Not Recommended,256010,12813395,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Strum,"My recommendation is to just buy JA2 instead or play it again. This game is a disaster compared to the old JAs.Even when they try to make it oldschool they totally fail. The inventory screen is worse than ever the skill system is uninspired, gun sounds are terrible , did u like buying weapons online thats gone so NOPE, did u like reading about your mercs before u hired them well does that excist NOPE.Looking at the game they have at least gone in the right direction but it really pisses me off even when they try they cant even compet with the old JAs wich just is sad."
76561198025127068,Recommended,256010,13864854,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,biXen,"This is the game of the newest Jagged Alliance variants with the best gameplay feel from the original games in my opinion, it also looks and sounds fresh, all while keeping some of the old favourites looking like they should. It would be nice with even more depth in story and characters, but all in all this is a low budget effort with a lot of potential for expansion as well.The combat flows great even if the AI could be better at times. The patches since release have had nice feature additions too.I give extra points for the very moddable nature the game is delivered as. Support guys like this and help them improve even more on a game in a lovely genre."
76561197982281357,Not Recommended,256010,28862314,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Chris [CatinHat],This game should have been removed from steam after the company no long exists.It is also a shame that the Bearpit hyped up this game to loyal JA supports during Early Access.To many bugs and lacking features that made JA fun.
76561198055569432,Not Recommended,256010,12602572,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Guillherme,Steam should be ashamed for putting out this game. After playing several hours I gave up. Twenty years ago this game would be concidered adequate but not today. Do not buy like I did.
76561197966757791,Not Recommended,256010,12746234,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,PatCat,"A turn based strategy shooter. The game seemed great at first, but is quite repetitive after the first hour or so. The RPG element seems nice, but isnt enough flavour to keep the game interesting in the long run. Unless you have no problem with minor/ major issues and the repetitivness then go ahead and buy."
76561198091908452,Not Recommended,256010,28497912,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,eirikur.einarsson,As a JA fan I can honestly say that if you are a fan of JA this game is a total waste of time for you my friend !!!
76561197985558533,Not Recommended,256010,12539553,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,PATRON,"Game is far from being ready even after the latest update.1) cannot create multiple save files2)cannot load game during action, loading just freezes, have to shut down the game via task manager and load from game menu3)interrupt is not working properly4)sneaking? there is no sneaking in this game so far5)got bugs where the enemy had like million action pointsSo far the gameplay is far reminder of actual Jagged AllianceP.S.Got frustrated trying to play the game so no positive comments."
76561197984488970,Recommended,256010,10141150,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Mad Mechanic,"----- Post-Launch Update ------This is a mixed review, I will try to be objective, however I would still give this game a positive recommendation.This game is a far more worthy successor to the Jagged Alliance franchise than ""Back in Action"" every was. This game brings back the turn based combat of JA2, it brings back many memorable mercs (like Hitman, Lynx, and Shadow). In some ways it feels a bit more simplified than JA2 was even in vanilla form, however, the core elements are still there.Right now I feel like the campaign is horribly short, JA2 was a far longer game with far more map space to explore. There are many JA2 features that the Flashback team wants to add, but these features are still in development, so in a way, in its current form Flashback is an incomplete product.To that end however, I am still regularly impressed by the quality of content and features that the dev team regularly produces. New features are being introduced (we just got weapon attachments) and bugs are being fixed.So what do I recommend? I recommend that if you are a Jagged Alliance fan, you buy this game. Please support these devs, they have actually done justice to the JA franchise. They have the support of The Bear's Pit modding community which has been responsible for the absolutely EPIC JA2 1.13 mod/patch, Shanga is already hard at work making mods for Flashback.However understand that many features that you might be expecting in the game for a technically released title are not there yet (vehicles come to mind, also missing ""Bobby Ray's Guns n Things"" mail order equipment), and be prepared for the fact that the current campaign map is painfully small/short.----- Pre-Launch Reviews ------The Early Access price is a bit on the expensive side but I love JA2 and have many hundred hours logged on it. When the early access offer came up on STEAM, I jumped on it. I'm willing to take the risk and from what little I have played of the early access, these developers are on the right track with this Jagged Alliance.UPDATE: With each new pacth/content release, this game gets a bit better and better. Of the Alphas and Betas I've played, this one is playable.UPDATE 2: It is amazing how quickly this game has been supported and developed. Every early access content release was weighty and added new mechanics that were staples of the classic Jagged Alliance games. I'm honestly astonished.Given that this is a Jagged Alliance title, I can't wait to see what the modding community does with this game. JA2 1.13 anyone?"
76561198006446341,Not Recommended,256010,14515021,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,NSA,"The least worst JA title in 15 years?Where to start...It was an amateur Kickstarter that spent only a year in development.  Unfortunately, that shows just about everywhere.  The game opens with you as an the sole survivor of a covert CIA mission to assassinate a drug kingpin on his island.  A servicable plot, but rather than use a cut scene or even a slideshow, this is presented in a popup.  *All* of the non-essential NPCs were given away as Kickstarter rewards, so towns are populated by internet usernames spouting insufferable in-jokes.  The game engine is obviously some kind of game-maker-like product that feels very cheap.  The maps are genuinely gorgeous, but lack interaction: doors don't exist (no really, they're all open), I didn't see any kind of lootable objects, rooftops don't exist (JA without rooftop snipers?!?), livestock is immobile and immortal cover (seriously, goats count as heavy cover).  Whereas JA2 had a notoriously catchy soundtrack that cued the action perfectly, I heard no music whatsoever in this game.Ultimately, it's an okay game, arguably better than JA: BiA.  Still, if you came to this expecting JA3, you're going to be disappointed."
,Recommended,256010,12661514,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,|FAST| - Sooner,"Looking for a solid turn based squad level game?  If so there are certainly worse choices.While the game still needs some polish, the core combat and the graphical style are pretty appealing.  You will also find that you have the ability to tweak the game from a difficult perspective to suit just about any play style.If you are looking for Jagged Alliance 3, then you are going to be disappointed.  If you are looking for a good base with a strong community that is going to get better not just with developer involvment, but also with community involvement... this is well worth the $20 and like a fine wine will likely only get better with age."
,Recommended,256010,14349824,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Jagged Alliance Flashback,Is a game that recieved a lot of beating due to the fact that it doesn't really feel like the first ones.Well, I can't agree with the fact that it's a bad thing.During a game of Jagged Alliance Flashback you do basically  the same as in all other Jagged Alliance games.Free some poor nation from their evil ruler. Although it sounds corny and isn't very creative, it does work and provides a good environment for such a game.To free this unlucky nation, you've got to hire some mercenaries that fight along your side. And, as you continue your journey to fill a truck with bodybags you're also allowed to do some quests. Some quests are even crucial to the story and without them you won't make any progression.Anyway, the entire thing feels like a free roam campaign. You've got your overall objective and it's up to you to figure out the best way to do it.And how does this game handle?First of all, I do like the game X-Com Enemy Unknown and I mean the new one. The thing with Jagged Alliance Flashback is that the combat is a lot like in the new X-Com Enemy Unknown. It's not hard to grasp and it can still be pretty challenging and exciting.The selection of gear is also good. There're all kinds of things ranging from pistols to god knows what. Some are even really funny.The graphics are good for such a game and the sound effects also. So, there's not much to complain there.But, if there's one thing I don't like that much, then it's the camera. Something feels strange about it. Maybe it's the angle or the minimum and maximum zoom level and how it handles this. I'm not sure what it is, but it needs some tweaking.Gameplay is also good. It's fun, interesting and it allows to employ your own ideas.So, my verdict is a positive one. The game might not be cheap, but the general quality and Steam Workshop addon is a cool plus."
76561197970948856,Not Recommended,256010,12599926,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Aaron,This game is a poor shadow of Ja 2. I thought that a lot of the elements were rudementry at best. The game is buggy and without a solid tactical feel. I found the controls to be combersome and the mechanics keep me struggling to play. Do not buy this game.
76561197995219082,Not Recommended,256010,34653441,Posted: 1 September,all,Tyr,"One of the worst games I've ever played.  I got this game on sale and still feel ripped off!Positives:The game looks nice and had a great promo trailerCons:Crazy RNG (and I'm one of the few people who doesn't mind RNG in combat)Weapons degrade heavily after one battleMercs have no pesonalityThe game areas feel bland and emptyBad AINo atmosphereI'd say avoid this game and save your money, even its its 75% off."
76561198033367035,Recommended,256010,20546639,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,tri_hiiva,"Finished it (on Hard and as a JA veteran) but despite ""Thumb up"" one of those games you rationally can't wholeheartedly recommend; 5/10 game and it has some serious problems:Really bad:- inventory! (in all possible levels)Bad:- AI- looting (lack of it)- interactions- feels unfinished- lack of content (about ~25% vs. modded JA2 GOLD)- lack of immersion via contentMost of the salty JA veteran reviews are correct in a many parts. So how and why did I finish it and even recommend it? Well, as a whole it did sometimes reminded me of those great and magical JA and JA2 / Unfinished Business days. It still has it's charm, now and then (and if you can overcome some of the bads) there is something to be found. There is some heart in it..and it was an a effort from devs, you know!Oh, most important part: wait for -75% discount: it's not worth the 20€ pricetag."
76561198007561595,Not Recommended,256010,22711974,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ⒺⒹⒾⓃ,"DONT BUY IT! It is not a good game at all....I bought it in hopes of being JA2 with some better graphics, but NOPE! Not even close....This was just designed to rob poor JA fans and abuse the title....DISGUSTING!"
76561198007088096,Recommended,256010,13868927,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Marcus Scipio,I belive that with community backing this game could spawn many great mods. As a kickstarter backer i feel as i have gotten my moneys worth and more.
,Recommended,256010,13926254,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,alexeyazinovyev,"Low budget JA, dont expect this game to be JA3, it is not...1.1.2 still has some bugs, hope they will fix it. It Is fun to play, fun to mod.."
76561197966543763,Not Recommended,256010,12862066,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,fRodos_,"This game is not worth the money it is currently available for, not to mention the title ""jagged alliance"" is just a joke. Loved JA 2, even had 150+ hours into JA:BIA and Crossfire, I found my fun even there, but this game ? No thanks.The whole shooting system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, no real cover system (wasteland 2 made it so cool, is a similar one that hard to make?), lame weapons... stealth system ? It's like it's not even there ! You've gotta be kidding me... resource management ? You just conquer parts of the map, which adds money, so it determines how much you can spend, and that's it !! energy system ? It adds literally nothing to the game, as if it didn't exist in the first place.Don't even bother with this game."
76561198124830297,Not Recommended,256010,28482939,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,DeGorro82,"Don't buy this game as it's a scam. The developer will never finish the game, and already bankrupt.Also, from the beginning, the developer had been colluded with JA modders community, that they only made half of the game, and the modders will add another half and monetize it. So basically, you have to pay twice for this game."
,Not Recommended,256010,15022667,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Abe's Tailor,"It is impossible -- by the dev's own claims and design -- to review this game without having JA2 guiding your hand.  So, with that in mind, I must honestly say that JAF is an utter and complete waste of time, space, money, and thought.I wanted to love it.  But the look, the feel, and the design are all as lacking as the gameplay."
76561198030320528,Recommended,256010,14531809,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Fluff Bunny,"Just like Jagged Alliance: Back in Action before it, and the recent XCOM game this games doesn't deserve a lot of the negative reviews it gets.So, it's not Jagged Alliance 2.  That doesn't mean it is a bad game.  A brand like ""Jagged Alliance"" is a double edged sword.  On one hand, there is a lot of name recognition; on the other, damned if you do, damend if you don't.Had they just re-released JA2 with better graphics people would have whined ""it's just the same game again"".  They took a different route and made some design changes and people are whining ""it's not the same game"".It's a seperate game and deserves to be treated and rated as a seperate game, not as a comparison to some ideal fantasy memory you had playing a game from your youth.Does it have problems?  Why, yes it does!  Camera angles are frequently awful.  You have a choice of 4 diagnals to view the field from.  Frequently, none of them are useful.  Thankfully, there are already mods to fix that.The UI can be a little awkward at time (but the UI is bloody awkward in JA2 by today's standards too!)I can't count on one hand the number of times I've tried to shoot a bad guy and instead my stupid merc has gone running to him instead.All that said, it's a fun game.  It takes getting used to.  It took an hour or two of play before I really started enjoying myself- but now I really am.  Unlike other similar games- you don't hunt down the enemy... once you encounter one- they all hear the gunfire and come to you.There are pros and cons to this... on the con side- you can just park in convenient spots and let them run to you.  On the pro side, no annoying searching around for that last soldier when you could have sworn you've checked everywhere already.There are some other weird quirks... it's flat... no roofs or height advantages and doors stay either permanently open or closed- you can't open/close them.  There are no combustible map tiles- and some things are out of proportion.  Pigs look the size of rhinoceroses next to the mercs.Combat is clear and straightforwards though.. it is mostly intuitive.  The game has lots of tools to show you what is considered cover and not- how likely you are to make a shot, etc.Overall the game is fun, definitely worthwhile when on sale.  It has an unpolished feel- but there is HUGE potential in this game- especially since the developers look devoted to improving the game with patches long after the main sales have been made.If you enjoyed this game, I would encourage you to leave positive reviews to help keep the franchise alive.  I think a lot of the poor sales have been down to unfair negative reviews from people expecting a games that this was never going to be."
76561197986331836,Recommended,256010,14063114,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,CharlieChap,"Not a bad game.Has potentially the best combat system of any of the recent turn based tactical games .Unfortunately the developers did not have huge resources and the huge amount of negativity upon release generated may prevent this from ever reaching its full potential.I hope not though, I enjoyed playing through it. I hope to do similar again at a point where the developers have had a chance to really make more progress.Solid little game that delivers most of what it promised.  A bit pricey unless on special though."
76561198006112532,Not Recommended,256010,16286641,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,tyroneemail,"Game is dead, unfinished, still in beta, devs have stopped patching it. Could have been awesome. Maybe modders can fix it, but do not buy until your research is done."
76561197972593703,Recommended,256010,14020204,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Schadenfreude,From v1.1 this game is a fun play with replayablilitynot JA3 but definately jagged alliance feel.Worth picking up if your a fan or just like TBS games.More sales also = more development and its game is going great and more content would be epic
76561198026515694,Not Recommended,256010,12803600,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,rasmus,"worst game ever bad gameplay errors poor interface, not the old jag feel, two shots with shotgun close range no kill?really disapointed with this game and the steam rule that you cant return a game, overpriced"
,Not Recommended,256010,12599210,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Xaito,"The game had potential but didn't live up to it.It feels like the devs ran out of money or patience and just went ""meh, good enough"" and released an unpolished game with rudimentary elements, which feel like placeholders."
,Not Recommended,256010,34030277,Posted: 4 August,all,xXJayeDuBXx,"This game is crap, All three of the recent Jagged Alliance games are garbage, save yourself the money and buy Wasteland 2 or X-COM if you are looking for some good turn-based combat.Weapons decay too quickly, the camera sucks, the performance is attrocious, leveling up seems to have little effect on the game, and the whole tug-of-war aspect of the map is an annoying gameplay mechanic is added as a time sink to inflate play time for a game that isn't that long.Listen to me know and hear me later, this game is the drizziling ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198034534190,Not Recommended,256010,28450572,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Valkyre,"Pure crap, stay away!"
76561197971328886,Recommended,256010,14412002,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,< satisfactory,"Seemed to  have gotten a bad rap that scared me off purchasing this when it came out. I'm over 3 hours into it and it's fun and brings back great JA2 memories.Is this JA3? No, of course not. It's a small publisher that barely met it's kickstarter goal, but the game that is there is great and WELL worth the sales price. With mod support/workshop available, it'll be great when new levels/campaigns are built."
76561198056318596,Recommended,256010,14013233,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,thatperson7,"Glad people are keeping a great franchise alive. I have just started and no it isnt perfect, and yes its difficult. But they continue to improve it and I can see myself trying again and again."
76561198059445885,Recommended,256010,14013262,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Fantom Fies,"Good game! one major pro for me personally is, that Flashback is the first game of all the attempts of keeping JA alive which shows the same level of visual charm like the old JA and JA2 had, but in a new, up to date, way. I of course was eager to try it as soon as I heard there would be another JA. After the release I first got sceptical because of the reviews but what JA veteran would not check out every piece of work with something like JA in it's title?!! As I said the visuals had me right away and I really enjoyed playing it. However I of course also was disappointed with the missing content and depth of gameplay, and even more with missing obvious must have features, be it gameplay or technical issues. BUT I sense much potential in Flashback. It is called Flashback and not JA3, that was crucial for me to realize. It is obviously meant as interim solution from JA veterans for other JA fans in order to keep the title alive. It is a technical and visual overhaul of the basic JA functionalities without reinventing the wheel like BIA tried to. It supplies the JA modding community with very good core functionalities and visuals, and pretty high capabilities for modding - you just can't emphasize this enough. Obviously FC did miss to do the correct marketingSo I put all my faith in the proven, very capable modding community of JA vets. It is no finished game, it is no sequel to JA2, but it gives the community the possibility to fill the hole of a missing successor with very enjoyable content and charming content. I am excited what the community will come up with.A kickstarter would have never been able to cope with the expectations of a JA2 sequel, nowadays a major is needed which is able to come up with the time, meaning money, to continue the series with a game full of new functionalities and the depth the community is expecting at the same time.So would I recommend the game ?to JA veterans or even new players who understand that this might be a very good filler and are aware of what great games the JA mod community can come up with: oh yes!!to JA veterans or new players who expect this to be some full-fledged game/successor with hours of content and the revelation of true TBS: nope - because I fear you screw it's steam rating even more and thus prevent the desperately needed money to continue the work on it"
76561198197541439,Not Recommended,256010,24014009,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,sipila.eero,"As much it sounds like a conspiracy theory, I’m pretty assured that ANYONE who’s given this game the thumbs up is a professional troll or working for the company who made it. JA: Flashback is quite possibly the worst game I have EVER played, and I’m not being dramatic.I had read several bad reviews before picking this game from the Steam sale and to be frank, wasn't expecting much.  Still setting up my first game,I was still blown away by how bad it actually is.Going into details feels pointless, as it would only hide the fact how utterly horrible this game looks, sounds and plays in every possible aspect. Seriously, the only good thing I can think of this game is the music at the start-up screen, which nicely reminds of the previous installment in the series.Speaking of which, I think I have a date with Jagged Alliance 2.Sir-Tech should sue them0/10"
76561198021403352,Recommended,256010,13906394,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,jorgen.boberg,It's a great remake of JA. I played the originals when they came out and for me this game brings back that great feeling. It's not JA3 but that was not the aim. Great game and good fun. Sure it has some bugs and lacking a few nice to have features but in the end it's entertaining and worth the money.
,Recommended,256010,13864901,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Skyy,"It's as good as to be expected from a barely funded Kickstarter project. This game has all core features you want a JA game to have, and on top of that offers a lot of modding possibilities. Yes - it's not as complex, big and content-filled as Jagged Alliance 2, and it is definitely not a JA3. But it was never meant to be. It's Jagged Alliance Flashback, a small JA game made with a small budget. Consindering that, it does a lot of things right and is fun to play.The devs have released quite some patches and updates since the release, and the game has improved since.If you liked JA2, go and play this game. It's worth it."
76561198063318308,Recommended,256010,12655994,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,heinrich.bisschoff,"I bought the game on early access and have seen it steadily evolve into a more refined experience with each update. Yes there are still rough edges, yes it still needs content and no its certainly not better than jagged alliance 2 (in its current state at least).But the truth of the matter is that Full control made a game with what they had, not what they wanted. The tactical combat foundation is there and with some content and polish it has the potential to become something truly special. The developers can only continue doing so if their product is supported.In summery. If you are looking for a triple A title, look elsewhere. But if you are a fan of the series or turn based tactical games in general your at the right place. Its not the Jagged Alliance I came to know and love yet but there is light at the end of the tunnel. Please support it."
76561198005589228,Recommended,256010,13976632,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,shawnhauer,"Nice attempt at JA remake. Better than that other real-time (lame-time) remake.  I wish they would have done more with the mercs personalities and by-play. Camera angle gets annoying.  Other then that a decent, short game, to fill a few hours of your time."
76561197983590470,Not Recommended,256010,15664269,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dobson Minister of  Asswhoppins,Needless to say....sucked.
76561197985941933,Recommended,256010,14053485,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Caer,"As a hardcore JA fan this game is a nice addition to the series, and if you like tbs games this might be for you too. It can't reach the depth of JA2/1.13 which it never advertied to be but you can spend some time with the game and feel like you have acomplished something and it is closer to the original then BiA. The real downside here is the steep price of 30€. So if you are a casual gamer looking for some worthwhile investment you should spend your money somwhere else (some real nice tiltes where released last year with better cost/benefit )."
,Recommended,256010,14544502,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Cocopino,"With the risk of becoming a target of the “Hey! This is not Jagged Alliance 2!” lynching mob I’ll say: I like this game.There are many people around the forums accusing this game and the developers as a “cash grab” or similar terms, usually based on nostalgia reasons. As a Jagged Alliance fan of the very first hour myself, I can partly see where they are coming from. Compared to JA2, this game has much less content, the game world isn’t as vibrant and full of surprises and the voice acting that made the characters of JA2 so memorable has taken a step or two into the wrong direction.However, this game does have its merits and I dare even say some improvements over its “older brother”. These things can be a matter of opinion of course but I like: team inventory, weather influence (clearly shown on the tactical screen), number of enemies visible on the mercs icon, half/full cover visibility, much more clear how/when interrupts are occurring, panic mode, visible which enemies are/aren’t targetable from a new location etcetera. Also, I think the music is spot on.I have two major gripes with the game: One is the emphasis on loot, combined with the awkward way to obtain that loot. Pixel hunting is no fun at all, instead containers should have some visible clue when a merc is standing close. Second gripe is the lack of challenge: some enemies must of course come running towards you, but not all of them - especially not when they’ve seen all the others that went running before them die so easily. Some of the enemies should camp (easy fix, I would say?) or even try to flank you. Also, money never felt like a real problem because once you liberated the first mine you can just sit on it and watch your bank account grow. A “hard” or “iron man” mode would certainly help.All things considered, I think my 7 euros (I bought it during a sale, mostly because of the bad reviews) were well spent. Just don’t expect the richness of JA2, and for those people that are still waiting for that worthy successor: please stop making claims like “even the graphics were better in JA2” and stop your “piece of crap not worthy of the name” rants without even a single reason why or any constructive criticism. You are not helping. Instead, you might even scare future developers away from this already niche genre."
76561198313530690,Recommended,256010,23793941,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,FlashJaxs,"i bought it $2 in Summer Sale, it's like XCOM for poor people :)"
76561197961194793,Not Recommended,256010,10432778,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,AT1st,"I was doing reviews during development and will keep some of them beneath my latest review though most information is outdated by now.So I finally had some time to check out the current state of the game and I was somewhat pleasently surprised. If you take this game for its own and don't compare it with the best games of this genre like the original JA(2), Silent Storm and Xcom you can have some fun with it by now but I still won't recommend it to (die hard) fans of the mentioned games or anyone who is in search of a challenging strategy game. This rather feels like a JA light (I never played the JA online so I can't comment on how those 2 games compare as some reviews suggest). I also think that JA:BIA is the better game for now (at least it was more demanding).The bad things about the game (and I just played the ""final"" version for 2 hours):* The AI is (still) a bad joke. Most of the time they are either:- running straight at you- do nothing- move, switch state, move in another direction - so bascially nothing againFor the first fights I could easily kill 5 enemies coming at me by just taking cover, duck, stand up shoot,  duck and perhaps use intterrupt mode. For the rest of the game I expect that difficulty will only increase by the numbers of enemies... Update: Ok there is a panic system in place, when I was facing 3 enemies alone with my merc he got panic and I lost control and thus the fight - looks like another cheap mechanic (""we can't make the AI smart so lets punish the player for exploiting it"")Some example from one of the first missions:you have to ""infiltrate"" a prison. It might depend on the daytime because I also played this in the beta and the enemy positions were much tougher back then. Now I just found an open main entrance and all enemies inside. So all I had to do is standing in front of the door waiting for the first to come out. When I shot the first one all others are comming at me, one at a time and I could single handedly take out all enemies there (6-8, I didn't count) just by waiting and using interception.* The interface could be better. Especially when hiring mercs there doesn't seem to be a filter/order mechanic if you are searching for a merc with special skills* Which is the next problem: The balancing of the mercs. The old JA had many quite bad mercs (as shooters) but many specialists. So you had to hire some mercs just for repairing or as medic. Now it looks like all are good in the battlefield but there are no cheap experts. E.g. I'm in need of a mechanic right at the start of the game but there are only 3 with that skill and all are too expensive to hire (at least for a week, I don't want to use daily contracts) so I'm stuck right at the start with my worn gear. Update with spoiler:You get one merc for free relatively at start who is a good mechanic. Stupid that I could afford ""static"" right before I rescued that free merc...* No desctructible environment so far* No different height layers* Game feels laggy, especially when you shoot (doesn't look like smooth fps in general)* There doesn't seem to be a way (hotkey) to show useable objects. So you have to move the mouse over every object to see if there is something to use. And it doesn't show if you already used it so when you are done with searching and see a useable object you ask yourself if you already used/looted it* Again interface: Middlemouse doesn't let you control the camera, RMB also doesn't do anything in the menus where you would expect a shortcut e.g. transfer item between inventories; No quick save/load key* No correct weapon names (instead typos or kind of phonetics)* The generic messages and ""civilian"" names read like they were made either for or by kids. They don't add to the atmosphere by e.g. transporting desperation in fact they rather ruin the atmosphere because they absolutely don't fit to the game setting.The good things:* You get the typcial 12 question introduction to create you merc* In fact this will give you 4 perks which is a good addition compared to the original JA* The graphics are nice/ok (at least compared to the older efforts of that series or spin offs like brigade e5 / 7.62) though some things still look shabby (e.g. character portraits)* The firefights are easy/cheap but still somehow feel rewardingBottom line: There is still much room for improvement. In the current state I would give it a score of 70 but especially with the AI problem and the general game design I doubt that this will ever become a really good game...---------------------------------------For older versions of the game:They released a day one patch that seems to add important content. I didn't expect that since one week ago I read that the content is final now so the last part I added to my review was asuming just that.The latest patch added creating your own merc by answering questions just like in the good old JA. So one crucial point of my harsh critic already changed. Also this adds to the overall introduction of the game and now it might start to make sense.I have no time yet to check deeper into the game regarding the other weaknesses so I still don't recommend it but chances are better now that they make it a worthy game within the next weeks.-----------------So I downloaded the final content patch on the 14th October. Played 10 minutes and saw enough to say that my fears after the last patch were justified: the game is far from finished or a scam right from the start.- There is no character creation. You are just thrown into the first map as a nameles agent who survived a plane crash (I think, I didn't even care to read this ""great introduction"")- I knew where the first enemies are placed from a previous run so I wanted to kill them first but they wouldn't appear until I hit the right trigger/tile and then they just popped up next to me- One of the two first enemies couldn't decide what to do, started coming at me, crouched, turned around, ran away again to lay down behind a trunk. Looks like he couldn't see me after he lay down so when I killed the first enemy combat was over. I just moved around the trunk, the enemy still lying there doing nothing so I shot him in the back.Bottom line: the AI is a joke.So I left the sector to see the new overview map. Ok, it looks usable now but everything feels so sterile and lifeless. You can hire every merc and nearly everyone has a high marksmanship. There is never a feeling like in the old JA of who do I really need, which can I afford, how can I manage my income, do I get one with a long contract or 2 with a shorter one hoping I earn enough money to extend the contract later.It even doesn't make any sense. I'm just an ""agent"". Why do I hire mercs at the first place? And what income do I have?Bottom line: There is no worthy introduction into the game. No atmosphere, no sense of why I'm here and what I am supposed to do.It might improve later but I'm not willing to spend time on that game in that state.---------------I had to remove my earlier reviews due to character restriction."
76561198083396466,Recommended,256010,12652218,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,smithdcd,"Turn-based strategy games are my jam, so when I found out there was going to be a JA remake, I jumped at the opportunity to play it.Needless to say, it's a blast. I love it.That's not to say it doesn't have its flaws. However it seems most of the reviewers latch onto the features that are lacking as opposed to the features that have been implemented.I'm sure by now the developer knows they have work to do, but to their credit, they seem to be releasing updates every week over the past few months. These are consistent upgrades.Maybe I'm optimistic, but I can tell from the architecture that they seem intent to build this game right. I for one, applaud their effort.It's in my opinion if you enjoy turn-based strategy tactics games, then you should purchase this game and support this developer. Indie gaming only survives through support and patience, something we should all practice more often."
,Not Recommended,256010,12488317,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Maniaqz,JA: Back in Action Strikes Back
76561197997168078,Recommended,256010,12381487,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,RusMolot,"I love the old Jagged Alliance games, and this brings back a lot of the feel of those games, which is LEGEND- wait for it... -DARY! Can't wait to see how far they take it, looks like there's already modding support, I really hope there will be some good end game content."
76561198099764581,Recommended,256010,12599914,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,boj.per,"there are two ways of looking at this game. if you expect a carbon copy of JA2 1.13, you will be disappointed. if you look at it as a indie interpretation of a JA prequel, you'll love it. the combat is spot on, the atmosphere works, the art design is pleasing, the sound and music are well done. it contains all the core elements and mechanics of JA and more. it's a simplified, ""light"" and highly moddable version of JA2, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. on the contrary, it's more likely to appeal to an audience that aren't hard core JA2 fanatics, which can help reviving the franchise.is it fun to play? you bet.is it a JA game? oh yeah.is it better than ""back in action"" and ""JA online""? a thousand times.is it a JA2 clone? nope. but as close as an indie team with a limited budget can get.in the following days/weeks there are minor fixes to be expected, as well as contributions from the modding community. but it's already now highly recommended. i waited 15 years for a good JA game, and finally it's here. love it."
76561198017785457,Not Recommended,256010,23710452,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Borgir,"Don't even think of buying this. This game was the biggest waste of money and most disgusting early access ripoff in all my Steam history - and I made some really bad purchases. This bearing the name ""Jagged Alliance"" is just wrong. Shame, developers, shame!"
,Not Recommended,256010,12822505,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,phonon,"This game is very disappointing on several levels, especially if you are a Jagged Alliance fan. The A.I. is non-existent, the mercs have none of the personality you'd expect considering the game's namesake. Tactics are laughable - you can't open/close doors, or peek around corners. Even guns feel cheaped out on (few guns compared to even JA1, no silencers, etc.). The writing is O.K., but it seems like there is very little of it.This is far, far from a complete game. I guess they ran out of their admittedly modest budget, which is understandable based on the number from the kickstarter campaign."
,Not Recommended,256010,14355032,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Harald 🍺,Just after one hour one thing is clear: I'm gonna go play JA2 1.13. Right now.
,Not Recommended,256010,15699278,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,undead1,Crap
76561198006690286,Recommended,256010,14772471,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,suurimonster,"Lacking polish (maybe two or three patches still needed, but unlikely to appear), and with a few strange design decisions (no squad interaction, broken economy, very basic militia), but still a satisfying tactical shooter. There are very few around, and at some point you really do get bored of replaying JA2 1.13...there is also a real Bear's Pit just for Shanga."
,Recommended,256010,15400993,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,marcelovilaca,"Great game, fun to play, with a but....For those who are maniacs about old fashion jagged alliance it may become a bit of a disappointment, they change the UI that I myself think it was the best UI ever made for turn base games, and that's a negative point... But if you love turn-based games as I do, you will like it anyway... Although the old jagged alliance was much better...I recommend it, but I also suggest looking at some game review first on youtube..."
,Not Recommended,256010,17005053,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,RisingRedWolf,"I just wanted to do an update to my original review since I feel I was a bit too hard on it without giving much reason why.My original review follows:""Big promises and little delivery. Where's the proper JA2 sequel we've been waiting for? Why does nearly every turn based strategy/rpg game these days feel the need to be dumbed down and streamlined to the point where it feels shallow?It's honestly just sad to think that we may never see a proper JA3.""Time has passed and I have seen some modern strategy/rpg games done right, for example Divinity Original Sin maintains much of the depth found in JA2 that I really missed from this title, and XCOM: Enemy unknown is a great example of how to streamline this kind of combat for a modern audience, and if done right, can be a very addicting experience. I don't believe that this is the kind of experience that the Jagged Alliance franchise needs to aim for.I feel as though this game wasn't funded and developed enough before it was release and a few of the things that upsetted me most about it were that it was filled with potential that wasn't realised, it lacked personality and dapth and the voice acting wasn't even trying to capture the spirit of JA.Jagged Alliance 2 is still one of the best games of this type to play, and one of my favorite games of all time period. This was supposed to be the game that brought back everything we loved about JA2 and those promises were made and I think that's what hurt the game the most for me. Every time I try it, I am reminded that we probably won't ever get JA2 in a 3d engine or a sequel that improves on it, instead, just very average tactical strategy/RPGs that try to modernise the gameplay and lose everything that made it special in the first place.If you are looking for a modernised game of this style, try one of the above games I mentioned as they do everything this game does but so much better, besides the setting and timelines. If you are looking for a good JA game, play any of the other ones. If you are looking for an amazing JA game, and dont care about it's somewhat dated visuals (which can still be nice with the 1.13 fan made update at higher resolutions), look no further than Jagged Alliance 2, but if you absolutely must play a modern JA and you find this dirt cheap and think you'll enjoy it, don't go in with any expectations and you might find quite a lot to like.Unfortunately though, I still can't recommend this game. It's not terrible, but it's not good enough to be a part of this franchise.One can only hope that someone buys the rights to this franchise who really cares about what it bought to the table 20 years ago, and are willing to put the love and budget into it to make it shine."
76561197997874226,Not Recommended,256010,17510979,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Vetinari,half-finished gamebrutallysadly:(
76561198053882690,Not Recommended,256010,21808669,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,norris29,"I am a huge JA2 fan,And even if flashback is stable, it feels like it has not been finished.No way to buy waepons online, looting system quite poor,A very irritating feature is that ennemies will always appear ins ectors where you train your milita and kill them before you have finished training them. There is no way to support your attacked milita,Overall a lot of features are just missing, and not covered by mods"
76561198023605249,Recommended,256010,14135027,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Zero,"I'm going to give a thumbs up only because the game shows potential and what future turn based tactical shooters ""could"" be. To be honest though I'm quite disappointed.I hope full control can keep working on it and keep enough momentum going to make it better but we will see, time will tell.At this stage personally I consider JA Back In Action to be a far superior JA  game, especially with the rebalancing mod which has taken it to the next level.The game has several very annoying flaws, the most annoying for me right now is the camera rotation. It needs to be freely rotatable. There is nothing more annoying than having to spend time constantly mucking around with the camera to be able to see whats happening behind buildings and trees.There are also major issues with the interrupt system, cover system and LOS.The AI could do with a lot more work as well.Put these together with a few seemingly easy to fix interface and feedback issues and you have a game that is unpolished and difficult to become immersed in.I just started a new campaign on JA:BIA with the rebalancing mod. Oh where do the hours go? JA:BIA 10/10"
76561197966015722,Recommended,256010,14400877,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Raphsuntei,"This is not meant to be a JA2/3 replacement. So if you expect that this game is not for you.From an extremely low budget kickstarter project something extraordinary has emerged:Jagged Alliance, back to the roots. Thus the name - FLASHBACK!"
,Not Recommended,256010,23665686,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,lisiec,Better install JA2 with 1.13 patch.
76561197988565511,Recommended,256010,14545192,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,tygh,This is the first time i review a game after being on steam for years. No its not JA3 but if you love the JA Series this goes a long way in bringing it to the 2010's. absolutely love the game and it brinds back some great memories and is creating new ones as im writing this. It's an absolute buy for anyone that loved the original series!
,Recommended,256010,15393437,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Grisbill,"Better than expected after all the criticisim i read about it. Some lame bugs still, but nothing making the game unplayable."
76561198051803073,Not Recommended,256010,23647541,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Susivasara,Absolutely DISGUSTED by the dev team. How could you do this to an old legend?
76561198025832834,Not Recommended,256010,17773826,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Boo Hassan,This game is a failure
,Not Recommended,256010,23907847,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Raccoon,"I'm a huge fan of the Jagged Alliance series, so i grabbed this for 2€ during a steam sale.Two lousy euros and i still requested a refund.Thats how bad this game is.Edit: kudos to steam for their refund service tho. Works like a charm."
76561198349813176,Not Recommended,256010,29405768,Posted: 21 January,all,marrs275,some sort of gravity problem with the camera
76561197972168267,Not Recommended,256010,12831332,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Mactell,"Good start...still needs polishing, but it feels like JA and is playable, about 3/4ths through and no showstoppers.  Many of the missing features are small but noticeable.  I have high hopes that the developer will finish it up.  If this game gets completely polished up, I will buy a sequel without a second thought.Edit:  No fixes, polishing or finishing will happen, so don't buy this."
76561197991822063,Not Recommended,256010,13332721,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,SoulsandBlood,Being a long time TBS fan as well as a fan of the series I could not pass this purchase up.  What a huge mistake.  This game is beyond bad.  No need to get into further details as you can get plenty in other reviews.  I never write reviews but this game is so bad I felt compelled to warn other consumers.
,Not Recommended,256010,13074550,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Latin Lover,Game is broken. Doesn't look complete. AI is pretty much non-existent. Just don't buy it please. Go and Play JA2 or XCOM. Games like these make people lose hope in Early Access/Kickstarter.
76561197970931755,Recommended,256010,10176590,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,owl99,"This feels right, I am a sentimental fool and I played and replayed Jagged Alliance games til all hours.  This game feels like a Jagged Alliance game and I can't wait for it to be 100% done.   If you havn't played a JA game, GET IT INTO YA!Turn based combat awesomeness, rpg character development, the original and funniest computer game mercs ever.  Looks like there are more things to be implemented, my 'laptop' interface was a little wiggy when I hired a merc but the game runs pretty slick, the graphics are 3d and pretty nice.  They have tried to make some of the interface items and titles retro as a salute to the original titles which is pretty cool."
76561198050591842,Not Recommended,256010,12991509,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,dima660893,Worthless game
76561198118017357,Recommended,256010,10425819,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,BigFatLaDy,"Full Control is working very close with the mod community of JA2 together. The deal is to make an raw material basic game, which will be then heavily modded by the community to make it massively feature rich.This game will have all core and relevant features. There is a clear roadmap for this EA. Just buy yourself in if you think, that a certain milestone has been reached to fit your pleasure.I played and modded JA2 for about 2000h, i recommend this EA over every other failed attempt of cloning Jagged Alliance."
76561197981329835,Not Recommended,256010,12655724,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Ma3sTro,The game resembles the classic game only distantly! You can not make a good game is a small team.
,Not Recommended,256010,13013402,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,gekido,"maybe I'm tainted by playing (and loving) back in action and crossfire, but this just feels clunky and dated in comparison.AI is ridiculously tough, camera controls are awkward, etc etc.Sorry but wish I hadn't spent money on this one."
76561197990237926,Not Recommended,256010,12856913,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,runningtargetzombiebait,Another piece of garbage with the JA name slapped on it. Avoid like a mustard gas cloud.
76561197989051249,Not Recommended,256010,14114512,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,DANDOMINO,"It certainly had potential.But the game is an annoying diaster. I feel quite ripped off.The amount of bugs and REGRESSION compared to Jagged Alliance 2, released 1999, is astounding.I really hoped after some updates and some time that the game would be updated with a great update ironing everything out. How wrong I was.There were many options that helpedc the experience of Jagged Alliance 2. SImple things like an easy inventory screen. An easy to use global screen. With easy to look at visuals where you could quickly identify or move items around. Not a chance here.Being able to relatively see with ease the bullets you pick up type and the bullet types for the guns is such a hindrance and annoyance.The game has missed out explaining what some of the keys on the keyboard do (still not sure which button it is for quick save).The lack of choice in mercs to choose from, the starting amount of money is pitiful.The first screen has you up against 3 guys which means lots of Reloading until you beat them. The first screen, the very beginning of the game. You might think they would help ease you in but thats not acceptable. Is it a case of making it so tough that people dont see how badly this was developed?The unability to have 2 TEAMS in 1 square for a battle is preposterous. Possibly my biggest gripe.There is virtually no help in your missions except one line which is as bare as the effort thats gone into making this game. This is very confusing.The controls are messed up and confusing, you can easily accidentally send a merc some place you didnt mean to and in between battles the whole group will automatically stop if you change 1 mercs direction. That is so infuriating.Also gone are the amount of voice lines that build a mercs personality and the easy transsfer of items to mercs.Honestly, this has really messy controls unlike JA2 which seems so divine in comparison.And then one of the best things about JA2, a simple option was to reduce the trees to tree stumps so you can easily see your mercs. Not in this monstrosity. You CAN move the screen round which is a step up from JA2, but with all the trees, and theres millions of them, its annoying.I am a very big fan of JA2, and its on such a high pedestal, but this has been a streamlined and annoying hastily made game.Perhaps this game has been dumbed down so much that its gone beyond enjoyment for me. But I really am disgusted with the developers. It has completely missed the excellence of JA2 and I find it insulting they have released this degenerative mess."
,Recommended,256010,15333420,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,SanjuroTsubaki,"7/10 Delivers an old-school strategy RPG game, although it feels like there should be more developement done for sure, the game is still good."
76561198069623113,Recommended,256010,12597040,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,BiGMaTT,Still have to put more hours to make up my mind fully but this looks a lot better than BIA. There is a lot more to come for it to be like JA2 but I'm optimistic.
,Not Recommended,256010,12930331,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,OniKai,"Bleh, it's a step backwards, feels like I want a refund, why is it so hard to make a good Jagged game!? you've got the recipe layed out just put it togeather... >.>"
76561198017162623,Not Recommended,256010,12928811,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Killer101,Having played the previous Jagged Alliance games I was very disappointed in this game. It feels unpolished and unfinished compaired to the other Jagged Alliance games (Crossfire and Back in Action).
,Recommended,256010,19183351,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Aduh,"My weapons are all rusted. Shoot shoot shoot and less repair. Well I could buy the repair kit somewhere, but traveling or having a unit to do the errands is fraking boring."
,Recommended,256010,11126421,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,GQC - Justin Trudeau,"***EARLY ACCESS***This game brings the closest experience to the first Jagged Alliance, not like Jagged Alliance Back in Action.Roses are red,Violets are blue,I don't have anything else to say,Add it to cart"
,Not Recommended,256010,21366320,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Uncle Angry,Wasted money and time
76561198023507159,Not Recommended,256010,13135880,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,the.grognard,"This game seems like a collection of compromises.  It wants to recapture the feeling of the original JA while staying within the narrow lines of budget, resources, and technical ability available to the developers.   Their efforts are appreciated, but they miss the mark of what made the game a classic.Flashback boils away a lot of the complexities and scope of classic JA and leaves a leaner but sadly emptier game experience.  It tries to compensate with attitude...like using a poll to build your starting character stats...but a snarky attitude is not what made classic JA so much fun.In the case of Jagged Alliance less is not more.  Flashback leaves you wanting a lot more as soon as you fire it up."
,Not Recommended,256010,13965999,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Fat Operator,"Even now being officially released, JAF still feels like a very rough alpha test, and definitely not worthy of the Jagged Alliance name."
76561198017587412,Recommended,256010,16937384,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Funkyrat,"If you are a true, old school JA fan, and can appreciate this is a crowd-funded, fan made game, then you are obligated to buy this and leave a good review. I have been awaiting a good JA reboot for a while. Every time a project shows up I hope it will be awesome. This is a badass game, a great modern take on JA2. JA2 is what cemented the franchise for me. I never beat Back in Action because it takes an enormous attention span and lots of patience, of which I have neither. Play this one through! True fans will appreciate it. And keep supporting efforts like this! Some day, if we keep things going, a really nice, modern, perhaps X-COM type JA3 will appear. Or maybe something new that furthers the genre. JA made a genre of its own, really. No game like the original Jagged Alliance existed before it was created, and JA2 was a great addition. Back in Action was almost a 3D high def reboot but fell short in many ways. Anyway, I digress! The point is, buy this game, enjoy it because it is actually fun and a good game, rate it well, work on some mods for it, and keep waiting for JA3 done right."
,Recommended,256010,12596121,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,jagbert,"great game, I simply love it. Its a real Jagged Alliance game, has some minor bugs like all games, but I don't understand all the whiners ... however, tastes are different. give this game a try!"
76561198009140973,Not Recommended,256010,10525270,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,VampireWizZarD,"Summary:awful not recommend for buying- better wait for half or maybe a whole year...2 Dev's:Guys this game shouldn't go to early access because it's not ready 4 it, it need about half a year development just to be normal alfa:AI it's so stupid so it can only rush and shoot and most funny part is shooting across the map if someone of enemies see you - it's unreal!!!Gun description and inventory not working properly, especially fast slots...No normal healing and bandages are rare like jewels, and i can't understand what medics are 4 if mercs are being healed automatically over time?Automatic reaspawn of enemies - really from stone age...No training of militia or management in cites...And most funny part is a story -you are from CIA and some rebel girl command you over radio - after she felt maybe on head from the chopper logically same time as you, I want to look in eyes of a man who wrote so damn bad story - it worse than very bad pulp fiction...P.S. And I can't understand why ""bad guys"" are supported by “Soviet Russia” - Guys invent something new, not enemy from Russia from siberian forest with vodka and battle bear, not this again - invite some terrorist drugs or something else but something NEW!!!!!"
,Recommended,256010,12648505,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Max Effect,Beta than nothing
,Not Recommended,256010,13559022,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Punisher,"I bought the game very early because I realy loved (and still love) JA2 and wanted to support a potential JA follow-up. But now in the ""finished"" state of the game there are still many bugs and things that worked better in JA2 (there are lots of details in other reviews). I think the game could be great, but in my opinion it is not finished now ..."
,Not Recommended,256010,13658113,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Vatiken Loki,"Mac version is extremely buggy. I love this game and potentially it could be amazing. But right now, I can't recommend it for any mac users."
76561197960822163,Not Recommended,256010,10141673,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,JoeZ,"Made me think JABIA was better than I gave it credit for.Let me first say that I am a Big JA fan. I've played all JA games and many mods.With left click you run around and pick up dropped items(gun armor helmet). With right you change your MERCs view-angle, how precise you want to shoot, single and ""burst""(3 single shots) and your stances. In inventory you can equip head, face(sun glasses/night vision?) torso and leg, you have 14 inventory slots and your skills are displayed there. You have 6 skills and 3 stats. On your ""laptop"" button you can move around on the map with left click and then deploy. Thas it. That is the current state of the game. That is pretty much all you get to do in this game.The graphic and environment made me relate to the ""cute and niiiiice"" games my girlfriend likes to play(Cartoon). Compared to this, JA 2 is more raw/wild and Realistic and JABIA is more detailed(also realistic).The lack of weapons and attachment varieties, as well as all those beloved features that made us love JA2 so much doesn't bother me(yet), since it's still coming.In my opinion, this game will never be THE JA3 all the JA fans are waiting for. The atmosphere of JA2 will not resurface in this  game due to this cartoon-like game look, however awesome the released and modded versions of JAF are going to be.But JAF might turn out to be a different but interesting game, and here's me hoping.I bought this game having read some reviews and watched some YT videos. I knew what I was getting into, I bought it merely in respect of the JA franchise and I do encourage anyone with enough money lying around to get it and support the devs. Anyone looking for a half finished game or long hours of entertainment should, for now, look elsewhere."
76561197968847284,Recommended,256010,10383317,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Massiv Igel,Nice
76561198065165839,Not Recommended,256010,13859735,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,NoobSaibot,"3/10 would not get conned by JA name again.Friendly warning: DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP UNLESS YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY SURE THATS WHAT YOU WANT.I wanted to like this game and was willing to accept a lot of shortcomings, but man this is bad. Really bad. Do I regret this purchase? Yes. Do I feel ripped off? Yes, severely. Trust me, the promo video and screenshots make it look a million times better than it is. Its not about minor issues such as the AI being dumb or balancing issues or whatever, I am fine with all of that as long as the core mechanics are enjoyable. They are not. The problem is that every single aspect of this game just feels like crap. The combat, the characters, the overal gameplay, literally everything. This is not a 25£ game, this feels like a free linux clone of JA that somehow managed to get the official JA stamp and charges crazy money ""because kickstarter"". This is either nowhere near finished in which case it should be labelled as early access or it is and will remain crap.Dont assume from the JA name, ridiculously high price and the couple of positive reviews that the game must have something going for it because it really does not."
,Not Recommended,256010,14147876,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,systemgod,"I have waited a loooooong time to get something like Jagged Alliance 2. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. THIS IS CRAP!Selling this kind of buggy not working♥♥♥♥♥♥to people is a crime!Refunding is the only way.. There is not many programs/games working as bad as this.Please refund me! If i were in the lead of this project, I would fire this kind of coders. They do not know how to program. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!"
76561198011827366,Recommended,256010,12668278,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,will,brings back the olden days.
,Recommended,256010,12607997,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,King Garbo,"Definitely bare-bones currently, but off to a good start.  If you like the new XCOM, or the other Jagged Alliance titles, this should be more of what you want."
76561197982368346,Not Recommended,256010,14744429,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Kuchta,Nothing more to say then : its looks like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ BETA.Iam big f of JA and in this stage It should be considered stealing money from those who desperately awaits new JA...
