user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197960487331,Not Recommended,256190,10491882,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Oppai Maou-Sama,"Have you ever thought to yourself ""You know what would be really cool? A game where you play as a reistance fighter, stealing supplies and ammunition from the enemy, using sabotage and hit and run tactice to strike back at the Nazi war machine."" Well then good news! Enemy Front does not let you do this.In Enemy Front,you toocan go on (now famous, but at the time top secret!) British SOE/Norwegian commando raids as an American journalist for some reason, or sink famous German ships thatnever actually sank until after the war.In exchange for the ability you have unfortunately lost the power to leap over even small fences, thus making it impossible to go anywhere the devs don't want you to go, but at least you can freeroam inside the nice little linear road they've set out for you. Plus, there's those convenient little infinite ammo boxes every twenty seconds, which is good, because otherwise you'd be at risk of running out occasionally and would have to conserve your ammunition, since you only carry four reloads for any given weapon (regardless of whether this is 20 KAR98 sniper rifle bullets, 20 KAR98 bullets (which are somehow different) or like 400 PPSH rounds) at a time.Thrill at the nonscripted pleasure of running away from an exploding building down a fixed, linear path, then being knocked down by an explosion and helped back up in a cutscene! Not once, but twice! It's like no FPS you've ever played before, anddefinitely not one that came out in 2007 and starred a man with an enormous moustache!Marvel at the time-travelling French resistance member who inexplicably gives you an STG-44 during a flashback to 1940, two years before that weapon's design was finished, and three years before the first one was built!Chuckle warmly as the game provides you with a demolition objective, which is coincidentally the only destructible object in its ""Engaging, destructible environment""! Clap appreciatively as you find the explosives you need literally right next to the objective - again! Wonder aloud why you can't place those charges on any of theothernearby things, even though you've done so before, then realise it's because the devs didn't think far enough ahead to provide an alternate route in their 'open-ended levels' in case you used up all your explosives!Sigh indulgently as you breach throughyetanotherdoorand go into slow motion to shoot all the nazis inside, not forgetting the guy who gets knocked onto his rear by the exploding door basicallyevery single time.Whoop with joy as you destroy the Nazi war machine's vaunted Panzers by shooting their frontal armour once, with a single shot antitank weapon! Gleefully call that weapon a Panzerschreck, even though it is clearly a Panzerfaust!Get really mad because this game's devs clearly put no effort into their research and have no idea what actually happened in World War 2!Post sarcastic reviews about it instead of doing something productive with your life!"
76561198074264915,Not Recommended,256190,12507874,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,][sentrop|[,"Overall Enemy Front does not live up to its hype, and falls short when compared to other modern shooters. It is great that CI Games chose to centre their story around the Warsaw Uprising, a conflict that has previously been untouched by games and film, but the story fails to engage the player, and the characters are not developed well. The terrible enemy AI further damages the single player campaign, making many of the missions more tedious then fun to complete. All this coupled with dated graphics, and a multiplayer system that doesn't bring much to the table, and lacks dedicated servers, means that the high price tag Enemy Front demands is not worth it. I recommend buying this game when it's on sale, as a player should not expect to get more than eight to ten hours of game play out of it. Even when taking into consideration the decent gun play, sometimes beautiful environments and great loading screens, I can only score Enemy Front as 4 out of 10.GAMEPLAYThe structure of the campaign missions is good on the whole. Players are regularlygiven the choice as to what order they complete certain missions and once in the mission are free to approach the objectives how they wish. Enemy Front has a decent stealth mechanic which offers a sneaky route to victory through backstabing and hiding bodies, but this is let down by the lack of a defined cover system. Rather than have the player press a button that would draw them into cover they instead just move behind the various objects in the levels. This run behind something and hope for the best cover system often results in the player being discovered by the enemy and having to shoot their way out. By the second mission in I was so frustrated by the lack of cover system that I stopped trying to stealth kill characters and instead went in guns a blazin'.Combat in Enemy Front is a mixed bag, with a good variety of detailed weapons that are consistent with the World War II timeframe,but some of the worst AI I have seen in a long time. All of the guns on offer look great, and react as expeted, with differing accuracy, damage and recoil depending on the gun. The game offers a good sniping system with the player able to scope their target, hold their breath causing the rifle to steady and time to slow, before firing off an amazing shot killing their opponent. The sniper rifle is an extremely powerful option, which motivated me to use it in most situations, but by the end of the game I was so damn sick and tired of seeing the slow motion bullet vision of my shots.Enemy Front AI is terrible, and enemies often struggle to hide behind cover, and are all too prepared to come running head strong through doorways where a pile of dead bodies is already present.  I found the most effective way to win missions was to snipe one or two guards then wait around a corner or through a doorway for the rest of the guards to come running through in single file. During other missions I would find guards looking in the wrong direction during fire fights or staying behind cover without firing until I moseyed on passed their defences and killed them point blank. The AI of your companions is also atrocious, with them being unable to kill enemies who are standing in the open, and with them often pushing you out from behind cover as they try to follow their own scripted path. All of these AI issues are further compounded by game play and graphical glitches. These glitches didn't happen too often but I find it extremely annoying when a game crashes during loading due to poor programming.MULTIPLAYEREnemy Front offers a couple of standard online multiplayer match options with one new match type for players to try their hand at. Players can choose between deathmatch, radio transmission and team deathmatch. Deathmatch and team deathmatch are the standard game types for FPS multiplayer, but radio transmission offers a slight tweak to the map point capturing game type. Radio transmission matches see two opposing teams of up to 6 players fight it out to control varying map points in an effort to bounce a radio transmission through a level. I struggled to find many people online and due to a lack of dedicated servers suffered from massive pings unless I made my own server. This issue of high pings along with a lack of community support made the Enemy Front multiplayer a tedious endeavour.VISUALSAs a whole the game looks dated with many of the enemy models being repeated, textures looking flat, and draw distances fluctuating, with objects sometimes appearing out of thin air. This game would have been far more competitive visually at the start of the last console generation, but seems out of place in today's market. Having said this it is refreshing to be able to run a new game at full tilt graphically on my old rig and even with these graphical short comings some of the European environments did look beautiful. Also Enemy Front does have some of the best looking loading screens I have seen in a long while.For my full review and heaps of other delicious content seeGlitch"
,Recommended,256190,10421135,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Spirit,"Remember the first time you parachuted into occupied (virtual) Normandy, France in the dead of night? Took out those German patrols stealthy-like? Created a distraction so your comrades-in-arms could take the beachhead and secure a landing site? Or remember being packed in an LCU (VIRTUAL), sea water and vomit sloshing beneath you; the Atlantic tossing you about like a plaything before your ship slammed into the beach? The ramp lowered, bullets chewed your men up around you; imposing, gray, gloomy skies contrasted that red, roiling surf? I sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥do. The developers of “Enemy Front” also remember. They remember and they want you to TOO.It's been years since we've gotten a great WWII shooter. DAMN OUR HUBRIS. “Developers, we are SICK of killing Nazis. Come on, let's see something new,” we cried. “Okay, how about Nazi zombies?” they replied. And we were content for a time. But we wanted more. So they decided to drown the market in Tom Clancy Russian/Arab/Chinese right-wing wet dream masturbatory aid for the last SEVEN years. It's gotten more boring than WWII ever was. Because history is tangible. It happened. It happened to our grandparents. We can read books and watch documentaries and visit sites. It's real. It's powerful. Pretend future conflicts just aren't the same. They aren't bad, no! Just different. They don't have the same staying power. Remember my first paragraph? Bet you all remembered each of those moments vividly as I described them. Okay, now reflect on some of the latest modern shooter moments. OH♥♥♥♥♥♥ REMEMBER THAT TIME YOU GOT NUKED? Yep. That was pretty heavy. WHAT ABOUT THE GHILLIE SUIT CHERNOBYL LEVEL?!? Oh yeah, that was excellent! Got anything else? No? Okay.So I hope I've made my position in this debate clear. Now this WWII shooter might not be the savior we're looking for, but it's a fine first effort. The story is interesting, but Citizen Kane this is not. The characters are interesting but one note, underdeveloped, and underutilized. But this is to be expected from the genre. This isn't why we play WWII shooters though, is it? No. We play them to kick Nazi butt. So what little suffers from the weaker story elements the gameplay salvages.You can approach a level in one of two ways: either come in Captain America style, rocking Nazi faces with your raw and unrelenting patriotism, or you can hit them Sam Fisher stealth style. This duality is very rewarding. The gunplay is great. I can feel the jolts up my arm; I feel the impact of each bullet, whether it's striking flesh or cover. I feel totally immersed. I'm a grimy, grizzled, Nazi-blood-hungry warrior – I'm not playing a video game in my underwear, hungry for day old pizza. The AI is serviceable. I'm playing on expert difficulty. They tend to rush in, unfortunately. Sometimes they display tactics, but on at least a few occasions I've taken a shot in an open area and fallen back, watching them funnel one by one into my death corridor. But otherwise they're competent – just don't expect “Brothers in Arms” tactics. The graphics are excellent, especially considering this is also a PS3 and Xbox 360 release. The ruined cities feel alive, buzzing and burning. The countryside is verdent and beautiful, still scarred by the brutality of war. And the sounds, last but not least, the sounds. Bullets whiz and ping, Germans shriek and shout orders, bombardments are heavy. The score is a little repetitive but it certainly is soaring and epic, fitting for the setting. If the gameplay makes this immersive, then the sound design is the icing on the cake.A few gripes worth mentioning. I'm a resistance fighter. Thank God the Germans just left open ammo crates lying around everywhere otherwise, I don't know, I might have had to drop my weapon, change things up! And I'm tired of every European out of WWII speaking near perfect English. I wouldn't have minded subtitles; French speaking French, Polish speaking Polish. Finally, the game touts open worldness as a feature and pressures you to explore. I wish there were some collectables... propoganda leaflets and art, love notes and correspondence. History. An unfortunate missed opportunity.So for my fellow history buffs and historical war enthusiasts AND EVEN A FEW OF YOU MODERN FANATICS, I think you'll have a good time with this game. It has serious nostalgia potential. You will likely smile and reflect on your time with this game when you're finally finished playing. For thirty bucks this is well worth your time. This is almost AAA quality. You owe it to yourself to give it a try.Now go liberate (VIRTUAL) Europe."
,Not Recommended,256190,10424616,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,[TKC]TacTicToe,"I was really hoping for a great WW2 MP game to replace some games no longer popular. Even with only 12 players for a server, I had hoped this game would fit the bill. However, in its current condition it is plagued with problems.• No anti-cheat• No dedicated public servers like I was told -https://twitter.com/thekillingcrew/status/474795733992751104• No FOV slider - though you can edit the config file and change your FOV• Difficulty connecting to servers - They almost always time out• No rcon support• POORLY optimized• Customer support is non-existant• MP will be completely dead in less than a week• Constant game crashesI could go on, but you get the idea. I strongly suggest you avoid buying this game. In a couple of weeks, it will be on sale for $5. You might want to pick it up then for the single player. MP will long since be dead by then.Buyer beware..."
,Not Recommended,256190,17679697,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,JunkFriend2,4 hour long campain. Story worse than Call of Duty. Frequent crashes. Makes your computers fans pretend they are a helicopter. Dead multiplayer. 5 types of german enemies in three countries.4/10.
76561198040317132,Not Recommended,256190,32659808,Posted: 22 June,all,Sp00paddon 지옥,"Utterly dreadful.This is gonna be more of a personal review than a general one. Let me start with saying that I had seen many many reviews about this game, a lot of them were negative some of them where OK but not reassuring. I'm a big fan of WWII shooters and despite the negative criticism towards Enemy Front, I wanted to give it a shot regardless. (You know sometimes we find some bad shooters and secretly enjoy them a little). Oh boy was I wrong on this one. So very wrong. I really wanted to enjoy Enemy Front, even if it was just a quick blast through the game and uninstall never to look back on, that would have been fine for me, considering I picked this game up during a sale for about 3$.First impressions where not good. The game starts off with an incredibly boring and derivative setup. You're some kind of journalist-type who's in the midst of the world war, writing about the brave and strong people who fought and stood up to the Nazi oppression. I'll give it credit for being a little different and original, but the setup is easily forgettable moments after it's shown and isn't gripping enough to give a care in the world for.The gameplay felt solid but clunky sometimes. I was given the opportunity very soon into the game to decide to take on an area with patrolling nazis either via stealth or by going loud and firing upon them. I decided to try the stealth approach. I was spotted magically around a corner of a wall, past a stack of crates, a bush and a doorway. Yup. The AI, to say the very least, is damn right dreadful. Stealth is not viable in Enemy Front and doesn't really work that well. Stealth takedowns are time consuming and quite frankly by the time you've hit your melee button you feel a sense of dread as you wait for a near 8 second long animation to play (doesn't sound like a lot but you sit there and count it and believe me you'll understand why it's annoying).The gunplay is typically boring, each gun feels more or less the same, the only difference mainly being the fire-rate. The sound design is generic and poor quality. And the voice acting... my god, don't even get me started. Genuinely some of the worst voice acting I have ever experienced. (Resident Evil 1 and House of the Dead where memorable for having bad voice acting but this is just sad.)I genuinely wanted to get some enjoyment out of this game, I really did. I wasn't expecting Enemy Front to be an amazing triple A product but I can honestly promise anyone interested - it is not worth the money and not even on sale. I picked Enemy Front up for 3$ and I've never requested a refund so quick in my life.Enemy Front is a uninspiring, boring, dull, painstakinly abysmal shooter that offers nothing new or innovative. Play something better like the original Call of Duty games or Wolfenstein for a greater WWII game.2/10"
,Not Recommended,256190,10422433,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Foulplay Fox,"I truly want to enjoy this game, I do. The problem with Enemy Front is that the controls are relic-like. When walking you feel like you are part trudging through muck and part floating through the air on a rubbery cloud. The aiming is not precise either and thankfully the AI rounds are not very lethal. You can quite literally stand up from behind cover with a Kar 98k and plink away until your heart is content. The controls make for some aggravating multiplayer as well.I wish that I could give Enemy Front my blessing, but unless a major overhaul occurs, it looks as though this will not be a happy return to the old WW2 clandestine days of old that Medal of Honor ushered in. I hope that one day I can edit this review and place a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,256190,28707405,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Heaven Eyes,"Seems it had potential to be a decent World War 2 shooter but much like my trust the game is broken- and much like my lovelife, multiplayer is empty which leaves me no other option but to play with myself."
76561198020578931,Recommended,256190,23302297,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,^2shadow.^0dow,"I remember doing a project back when I was in High school on the Warsaw Uprising. There are many things in the game that were true, from the 1939 invasion to the uprising 85% of the city was destroyed by January 1945, and the uprising lasted 63 days and the game ends on the 62nd day of the uprising. I also met a survivor of the uprising and he told me that it was the most horrific experience he went through and he was just 19 years old when he joined the Polish Resistance. He even told me that he prayed that something like that never has to happen again and that USA does not have to go through what he and the rest of the people of Poland went through back then. If you want a good World War 2 Story based on a true events of the resistance then I encourage you to play this game."
,Not Recommended,256190,18803729,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,951Jimbo,"I decided to refund the game.  The game plays kind of like Far Cry 3, except that its not open world and its terrible in almost everyway.ProsOk graphicsNo frame caps, 144hz supportWWII weaponry is fun and seems accurate from what I played.Interesting premise: you play as a French resistance fighter, a setting in the WWII universide I have never seen before.ConsAbsolutley terrible story.  There are thousands of great WWII stories from actual veterans and survivors.  Why not license one, or atleast rip one off for the game?An even worse main character.  Though you play as part of a French resistance group, you are an American jouranlist, wearing a leather jacket, killing Germans so that you can have a great story.Terrible performance.  On an i5 and GTX980 the game can't crack 90fps on Ultra settings.  Compared to how the game looks it just doesn't perform wellThe in game mouse cursor was on my screen the whole time.  Ridiculous.The voice acting sounds like it was recorded on someone's cell phone in a 72kbps mp3 file.Almost every time I stealth kill a Nazi the animation ends up clipping through furniture, walls, plants, pretty much anything and everything."
,Not Recommended,256190,10585328,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ggdograa,"One of the most outright boring games I've ever played. It's not bad, but it just regurgitates lots of shooting mechanics from other games and it does it very half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ You also get a forgettable storyline and a 2-3 hour campaign. Not worth it if you ask me. If you're buying it for the multiplayer then don't bother, as there's basically no community at all.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAwwb3PzfBU"
,Not Recommended,256190,10429987,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,FrankChickens1,"This game doesn't feel new at all. The graphics are OK, although the art direction is really good, but the AI is so horrendous as to be gamebreaking.If you are camped on some stairs and have shot someone at the top of them, 1 by 1 the enemy will come charging down the stairs at you as you easily shoot up into them. Hiding behind a box? The enemy will just come stand next to you and shoot you from 1m away. It's bizarre and terrible.It's a shame as this game had potential, but If I could have my time back I'd wait 6 months until its £5"
76561197992206547,Recommended,256190,23922221,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,B00tsy,"A lot better game than the Metacritic rating suggests.First of all the game uses Cryengine so the graphics are really crispy and has nice looking effects like godrays. The maps/levels are decent designed and great to look at and walk around in. The cutscenes are really low resolution and is a big contrast to the ingame graphics. There are also a decent amount of graphic options to play with, but it's not needed as the performance is really good, you can max everything out easily.The gameplay reminds me a lot of Wolwenstein 2009. For the most part it plays as an oldschool FPS, but they also have added some more modern mechanics such as a bullet cam (sniping shots) and tagging enemies with your binocular (ala Sniper Elite). The AI is a bit of a mixed experience. Sometimes they are oldschool bad♥♥♥♥♥and unforgiving and some moments they are a bit to weak and oblivious to your presence. Overall they tend to be predictable in combat and you find yourself often behind a door opening just waiting for a horde of enemies walking through.  You can consider that to be bad, but oldschool AI behave the same... and I like that.The story is forgetable and I personally skipped half of the cutscenes so far. You are a resistance fighter and you are being handed out objectives throughout the game, thats jig of the story. With FPS games like this the story is not the reason to buy and play the game, it is about the gameplay.The only thing that kind of annoys me in the game is regenerating health. It has nice oldschool gameplay and mechanics, but they had just had to add cheesy regenerating health. As the maps are nice enough to explore I rather would have seen some hidden healthpacks/medkits or something.There is also online mode, but I haven't checked that out (might be dead or not).Edit: after 8 hours in the campaign the game consistantly kept crashing (hard crash) and the game became completely unplayable. Editing the settings .cfg file and change DX to DX9 fixed it so far.68/100"
76561197991756666,Recommended,256190,22642207,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,nerk hayze,"ENEMY FRONTWW2 FPS game,a good story played out in chapters or episodes,not open world game.http://store.steampowered.com/app/256190/Unfortunate for the negative reviews of this game,the studio that produced this game has been making high quality FPS games traditionally;-the graphics are pleasant to look at, & at times stunningly realistic,-a vast array of weapons throughout the games as well as those 'you would expect', to make your weapon selection easier a lot of the weapons are the same as found inSniper Elite 3-though the publishing companies are different, THE HUD for the 2 games (Sniper Elite 3& Enemy Front) are so similar you may find yourself wondering, I decided to put this to good use & satiated my desire for an appetiser before SNIPER ELITE 4,-OFFICIALLY these 2 games have no connection, UN-OFFICIALLY they are quite similar1. So, my recommendation if you're looking for a WW2 single-player campaign & maybe something with that theme in mind THIS MAY BE WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR.2. If you want something to fill in the time & have played others in sniper elite series, I recommend this game.3. If you want to wait for a sale that too is your choice.Game On:)"
76561197991488483,Not Recommended,256190,10485380,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,[BSM] Sgt.Jethro,"This game had alot of people thinking its the game we have been looking for dedi servers ww2 but they have taken our money and left us a game which looks half finishedmultiplayer1, no map rotation or dedi servers its player to player so alot of lag2, only four maps3, no nadesI have never wished I have not paid for a game but this one has done it and if I could get money back I wouldDO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,256190,27951952,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ReconSixth,Try hard WW2 game. Unstable FPS. Things are so bland I couldn't possibly list it.
76561198173606567,Not Recommended,256190,31640352,Posted: 8 May,all,KeinSchiesse,"Having beat the entire game and being a fan of WW2 era shooters, I would say unless you can find this game on sale what it offers is quite average. I still enjoyed my time with it overall, but I think many people may be disappointed other than diehard fans of FPS or the WWII setting.  I went into the game with low expectations, and certain things are done really well, most notably some of the level design (the cliffside castle with farms inparticular)  as well as familiar tropes including hillside towns with mortars, a submarine base, etc... And the presence of some semblance of stealth at times during the gameplay (similar to the Crysis games w/ display of enemies on the UI/map and their levels of alert...) make the game unique compared to other WW2 shooters.The setting of Warsaw during the resistance uprising is a cool departure from the usually tread France, Germany, or Italy settings of other WW2 games, however the overall delivery of the story and characters is pretty bland. When other series such as Medal of Honor, COD, Sniper Elite, etc were around near when this game released make this game look like the underwhelming of most all of them by comparison.The gameplay itself isn't bad, but my main complaint is that all of the weapons in a military / shooter game lack any real bass or punch to them. The familiar guns of the time all sound woefully bland and even the sniper rifle, grenades, or set explosives lack any real gusto to them. The effects are bland from their firing to the pitiful sound effects they each emit. In short, the combat (which there is plenty of) can be a bit boring/tame.If you're REALLY itching for a WW2 shooter and don't mind some rough edges then it's not bad."
76561197987913115,Not Recommended,256190,10423726,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Murse,"soo bad. its like a ww2 shooter from the early 2000s with better graphics but dumber AI and controls. no innovative features and terrible audio and in need of a good patching. multiplayer doesnt work for me it just crashes, and the filters do nothing to filter low ping servers etc. great idea but poor execution. save your money and buy sniper elite 3"
76561197967233264,Not Recommended,256190,10424153,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,DGatsby,"An admirable attempt at a WWII FPS, but in its current state, not very good.-	Horrible movement.  Clunky and heavy.  Painfully clunky and heavy.-	Bland shooting.  Chaotic but not in a good way.-	Very poor optimization.-	Graphics are a strange mix of very pretty and very bad.-	Non-linearity is halfhearted.Should have spent more time making the basic mechanics more enjoyable.  If you were lucky enough to get Sniper Elite V2 free on Steam last week, you have no reason to buy this.  Acutally, just go buy SEV2 or Verdun.Maybe patches will fix the graphical issues, but the basic mechanics (moving and shooting) just aren’t fun.A very interesting setting though!EDIT: This is the kind of game you enjoy because it is bad, not because it is good.EDIT: After playing it on my friend's mega-computer, I can say it is more fun than I initally gave it credit.  However, the fact that it is so poorly optimized that I can't reasonably play it on my upper-middle of the road machine is greatly upsetting.  If they can fix performance issues as well as all the bugs then I will be able to recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,256190,27502685,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ravenize > *,"I bought Enemy Front because sometimes I just want a mindless first peron shooter. There are so very many that take place in World War II that it's almost a genre by itself. So the formula for fun plus an over-the-top story shouldn't be that hard to figure out, right?Well, Enemy Front got it wrong. So, so wrong.The story takes itself far too seriously. On top of that it's obtuse and jumps around a lot. All of the characters are flat cardboard cutouts.The gameplay is surprisingly bad. I thought it would be difficult to mess up making guns from the era fun to shoot, but this game pulled it off. It's hard to see enemies, the accuracy on most weapons is woefully inadequate, and some of the objectives are buggy. I had to reload a completed section because the path forward wasn't properly triggered multiple times.The stealth sections are annoying. Your AI partners are useless. And sometimes it's hard to find the way forward even on mostly linear maps.The graphics are maybe the one saving grace here - I expected them to be much worse. So the engine and lighting are sometimes nice. Yay.The core concept of playing as the Polish resistance isn't a bad idea. It's one that isn't often explored. But they didn't do it justice. The game they ended up making leaves much to be desired, both when it comes to story and gameplay."
,Recommended,256190,28555658,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Blade🔪,Mindless shooter with an bland story and gameplay; But I did have fun with the Stealth and Mindless shooting around. Worth for the 1$ that I paid!
76561197970692052,Not Recommended,256190,10506383,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,BluePhoenix,"I started Enemy Front right after finishing Wolfenstein New Order and perhaps this set my expectations a bit higher than it would have normally.It's built with CryEngine and graphically looks good (my opinion from the 30 minutes I played) and goes downhill from there pretty quick. Cutscene video quality isn't great and crashed the game the first time I watched the opening video.Its starts with a chaotic gun battle and making out where the targets are was quite difficult and not much fun. Suddenly off to a sewer to meet up with the resistance group and start your first mission. Here you get to choose between a sniping weapon or a machine gun. I chose the Kar98.At this point I was hoping the gameplay would become a bit more interesting, but it didn't.Problems:1. Targets pop out like target signs and shooting feels a lot like the tutorials in COD2. Hitting the target you aimed at seems random. You have an enemy in your sites, pull the trigger and ... you miss ... more often than not3. The last straw for me was breaching the door to rescue the priest, going into slo-mo, targetting the enemy with the gun to the priests head, pull the trigger and ... miss ... enemy kills priest ... restart levelUninstalled.Enemy Front isn't fun. It's a popup target shooting game with random chances of hitting the target that isn't immesive or interesting.Can it be fixed? I don't know. If they reworked the entire enemy and shooting system it could be redeemed but in it's presnt format, I suggest you spend your money on something else."
,Recommended,256190,22782273,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,reml,It's definitely worth 5 dollars I wouldn't say 30 though
,Not Recommended,256190,10517498,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,dgall,"There is simply no way in hell the positive reviewers weren't either employees of whatever studio this came out of, or paid to write it.  This is a truly awful game, one that's awfulness will stick with you for some time.  There is nothing ""modern"" about this game apart from being developed with Cryengine 3.  The shooting mechanics are sub-par, the story is terrible, the AI is absolutely spoon-in-rear dumb, and the level design is more linear than the shooters it claims to seperate itself from.  The AI has no sense of awareness whatsoever, and will blindly shoot around you while you demolish them.The game is advertised as being some new take on non-linear gameplay where you can ""shoot, snipe, or sneak"" your way through Germans.  Yeah, ok...  The ""stealth"" mechanic amounts to basically an awareness bar, which is comical considering how dumb the AI actually is.  You can crouch walk 5 feet in front of an enemy, and if done fast enough it won't trigger any kind of reaction.  It's a total joke.Which brings us to the claim of ""sniping.""  The shooting mechanics are the same iron-sight/run and gun gameplay from the original Call of Duty.  I'm not sure what is ""original"" about run-and-gun with an MP40, right click to iron sight with a Kar98k.  The weapons are woefully underpowered, sans the scoped Kar98k... which is interesting because apparently adding a scope to the weapon increases it's power ten fold over the standard Kar98.As for the multiplayer, it's a complete joke.  Standard run-and-gun gameplay will have you entertained for about 2 minutes.  There aren't any dedicated servers in North America, so you are stuck playing on player-hosted lagfests.  It just sucks... not just sucks, but really really sucks.  Rarely do I regret game purchases, as I can generally find something I'll enjoy, but this is an exception.  Across the board this game is a big negative.I don't write reviews very often but was driven to do so in this case.  The description of the game is a complete farse, so much so that I'm laughing writing this.  I'm not ticked that I spent the money really, it happens.  We all buy terrible games sometimes hoping for the best.  I just hope other don't make the same mistake.Happy Nazi killing all - back to COD2 TR (WCP/B2F mod) for me."
,Not Recommended,256190,10481663,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,SENSEI HIPPO,"Where to begin? First off, when the storage page promises a ''truly modern'' fps game, this is NOT what I expected. Lets go through some of the pros and cons of this game, based on the couple of hours that I, at the time of writing this, have forced myself through.The pros:-The game looks good during gameplay. The enviroment as well as the characters looks smooth.-The voice acting is good during gameplay. The yells of both allies and enemies are clear and sound somewhat ''realistic''.-The game is interesting. Personally being a fan of history, especially the ww2 era, I find the story behind the game very interesting.The cons: PRACTICALLY EVERYTHING ELSE!-The game is glitchy: enemies see you through walls, appear out of nowhere and do all kinds of random things, which not only makes the experience total crap, but also makes the game unplayable.-The controls of the character are wierd. Trying to navigate through a ruined city with a character that apparently suffers from cerebral palsy while trying to shoot enemies and figure out what the hell you're supposed to do is pretty painful.-The bugs in this game are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥: If you aim down the sights of a gun, you can crouch and stand back up, right? Well, in this game that works with everything but snipers; with snipers you can crouch while aiming, but can't stand back up. There are buildings that you can walk in just normal, but if you crouch and try to stand back up, you can't. The detection system in this game is also just stupid. If enemies notice you (Which can also happen if you throw too many rocks btw. I know, right?) they will alert others of your presence. That's cool even if it happens a little wierd (the enemy notices you and everyone IMMEDIATELY knows where you are), but in this game some the enemies don't know what's going on and just run around and then suddenly realize where you are when everyone else is dead. This has caused me to run after enemies countles times, because the enemy is determinate to get to where-ever is was when the others noticed me. So annoying.-The gun animations: If you shoot at an enemy and your character starts to put another bullet into the gun or pull the bolt of the rifle, you can't do ANYTHING. You can barely walk forwards, which is somewhat annoying when you have a gazillion enemies shooting at you.-The objectives: Half the time you just end up running around wondering WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ you're supposed to do. The game gives you the main objectives and the ''secondary missions'', but you don't get any info as to what you're supposed to ACTUALLY do. The first time you encounter a tank, the game says you either need a bazooka or two grenades. Well, I only have one grenade, sooo, where's the bazooka? Who knows? You have to play this annoying game of hide and seek with 90% of the things you're supposed to pick up. All I'm wondering is WHY? Why, for the love of god, isn't there any indication as to where you are actually supposed to go?????That's all I can come up with right now. Bottom line is, don't buy this game unless the developers do some serious fixing with the game. This game is the cheap mix of Sniper Elite and Far Cry, both of which I would recommend over this."
76561198015950278,Recommended,256190,30087744,Posted: 21 February,all,White_Dude,"Do I recommend the game? YesWhen I saw that the game had pretty bad reviews, I had no great expectations.But after completing the game I was pleasantly surprised.Sure they game have itflaws, a few bugs here and there and yes the game crashedat least once. But nothing that made the game unplayable.Butthe game is overall okay if not good. The game use out of CryEngine is clearly shown and it's beautiful.You also get to travel to diffrent parts of Europe to fight against the Nazis.I recommend you to buy it on sale, but not for full price!"
,Recommended,256190,33106839,Posted: 1 July,all,ipotski,Well after reading the reviews i figured i couldnt go wrong and buy it for 2.99.  I was right.  I love WWII themed games and this one is no different.  gfx are decent and the hit boxes are well made.  Now there is no multi players so dont buy it for multi but the singeplayer is pretty cool.  Big maps and pretty fun.  try the harder gameplay as the easy is really easy.  But all in all good game fro the price.  pick it up as 2.99 is nothing for a decent game.
76561198071943375,Not Recommended,256190,28334694,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,JustNukeIt,"This is such an overwhelmingly bad game, I got it for 3 dollars on thanksgiving discount. This game was so bad that i wanted a refund on $3. It runs fine, but the gameplay is slow and the story is nonexistant. Just walk around and sneakily kill a few Germans here and there. DO NOT GET THIS!"
,Not Recommended,256190,20222669,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ic,"I often feel like hipster about certain things in life. One such things are WW2 FPS games. While everyone yells and screams on the internet that we have enough of those, I've on the other hand been dreaming about HD remaster of MOH – Allied Assault on Frostbite engine or some new COD returning to Europe’s battlegrounds of 1940’s. Buying this game, after reading all the reviews , I thought that it shouldn’t be that bad, but it really is...You are playing as Robert Hawkins, an american journalist, who covers different resistance's actions in Nazi occupied Europe. Story mainly takes place in Warsaw, during city’s uprising against German army, however trough some flashbacks game will take you to the various locations around Europe like France or Norway. So in the terms of different levels, game has some variety to offer in it's 7-9 hours campaign. You’ll be fighting in the streets of Warsaw, snowy mountains of Norway, french countryside and so on. Story isn’t anything original and breath taking, its quite boring and filled with cliches, but we don’t play these games for story, right ?This tittle also has multiplayer with some modes like Death-match and Team Death-match in it, but it’s practically dead, I could find server to play maybe 3 times, and it didn’t last more than one round.For me the game runs fine, I had almost constant 60 FPS and game crushed once trough my play trough. HOWEVER, this title is quite populated with bugs and glitches, nothing really game breaking, but it takes you out of experience quite often. They may vary from something like it’s sometimes hard to define what is true light source in the level, sound sometimes has this weird glitch when you can’t detect from which side its coming and if the source is in some place or out in the open, and the list just continuous.Enemy Front runs on CRYENGINE, so it looks pretty good, but nothing amazing, something like 7/10, however the game is really bright and colorful, not brown and grey like most WW2 shooters out there, and it truly shows, I really enjoyed walking around some levels especially in the french country side. One thing I really liked was the music, and how it changes from whats going on in the game, also loading screens are pretty cool, but they are rendered in really low resolution, something like 360p as well as the cut-scenes and  another thing that ruins cut-scenes is lip-sinking, it’s mostly of, maybe its design for polish language or something, but it doesn’t work well with the English at all.Last thing I didn’t cover is the game-play, and well it’s mixed bag, since the game runs on CRYENGINE, it barrows something from Crysis games, like focusing more on stealth, marking enemies with binoculars and so on, however stealth is a bit broken in this game, sometimes it works quite good and at the other times it’s just a mess, but since AI soldiers are quite stupid, you can give-up on stealth all-together and you’ll be just fine, only in this way, the game will become more boring. One thing I Liked about game, that it introduces some new weapons from polish army like “Lightning” – the polish sub-machine gun or WZ.28, and some other new weapons, which I didn’t see in WW2 games. The sniping mechanic in the game is just weird, it’s a “Sniper Elite V2” rip-off and just doesn’t fit in such game.So to sum it up, game has some cool ideas and design choices, but execution at the times is just awful, game also has annoying bugs and glitches, boring story, half-broken game-play and almost none-existing multiplayer. I would only recommend this title for 5 euros or less, and if you are WW2 junkie like me, who needs some fresh stuff to kill Nazis with. For everyone else - just avoid this title.I gave it 5.5.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,256190,12809950,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,rpwalle,"It was good after the 2nd mission. Took a while to get into it. The enemy AI is very bad but there are enough of them to make it interesting. Worth about $19.99. It ended kinf of abruptly. Could have used another mission or two. Good, not great."
76561198072019857,Recommended,256190,12663244,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Biostalker,"Liking it quite a bit, it seems to have taken things from other game IE, sniper elite.But all in all a good game and plays well. Been looking for a good WW2 game and i think this might just be it.Hit mechenics could be improved, my only faults with the game is sometimes it takes more then one headshots to kill an enemy, now and then enemies will just appear infront of you and you cant sit back in a good spot and snipe the nazi's from a distance as the dont spawn till you are near them.They only seem to spawn for that area that you are in. some improvments needed but still, its a great game."
,Recommended,256190,33218774,Posted: 4 July,all,Spizy Chicken,"30 minutes played at time of review.I'm surprised this game is so cheap on sale. I purchased it knowing Multiplayer was pretty much dead, I did find 1 server running, but I got the game for single player. It's really fun. Good graphics, runs smooth.You go on missions during WWII. You can use stealth or guns blazing. There are many different WWII firearms to choose from as you go on your missions.You can't go wrong for $3 dollars if you like single player games.I'll update more as I play longer.System SpecsIntel I-5 760 2.8ghz16GB of ramGTX960 4GB OC1TB System drive."
76561198039394097,Recommended,256190,24528233,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Nitro,"To start, this game is not ""bad"" as people post, it is a fairly pretty ww2 shooter that does some new things right and some old things wrongWhats good?-Decent stealth system you rarely see in a ww2 title, with taking hostages and moving them away from the rest of the enemies before silencing them.-Gameplay about a rarely seen part of ww2, the partisan movement, told from the eyes of the world's most badass war journalist.-nice graphics and gunplay feels goodWhat is bad-The game's secondary objectives are a massive pain and have to be completed really quickly or youll miss out, this usually means throwing stealth out the window. (As in, Civilian in a building in the middle of the enemy base must be saved RIGHT NOW)-The game is shorter than one would want.-The levels are not really open ended, the game is fairly linear despite what it says (Though there are multiple approaches, its not like ""come at any angle"" its like, ""Loud path/quiet path"")Overall, on sale, theres no reason not to get this for a ww2 craving! The fact it also comes with some of the most badass commando guns in the war (Welrod anyone?) Makes this a great game for gun nuts like me."
,Not Recommended,256190,34721340,Posted: 3 September,all,Qwx,"This one is sadly hard to recommend.Goods:- The graphics are gorgeous.- The loading screens are amazing.- The level design blows my mind. Especially the early levels in the game are incredibly beautiful and wide. Filled with interactive elements, that help you kill the enemies.- Really like how the glass in windows break.- WW2 shooter, but every second level is supposed to be stealth level, which is nice change of pace.- The German soldier banter in stealth levels is fun and adds to the world building.- Interesting additions, like throwing  stones to distract the enemies, or taking hostages.- Interesting noise mechanic, that allows you to shoot enemies and remain in stealth.Bads:- For some reason the game likes to take control away from the player in order to close doors, look a certain way, etc. Gets annoying.- Clunky reload mechanics. During a reload, if you cancel out of a reload animation at the last milisecond, you've cancelled out of all the reload (does not matter, that the new magazine has been inserted into the gun).- Clunky stealth gun mechanics. After taking a shot, there is a lengthy animation, that you cannot cancel out of. So if you mess up, it's curtains for you.- No bullet drop down. I know it's not a must, but it kept weirding me out, especially with snipers and rpg launchers.- Stealth take-down animation is so long, that it's way faster to take the enemy as a hostage and kill him that way.- The story and lead character are meh. Kind of understand why they did it the way they did, but it's a bit hard to keep the suspension of disbelieve.- BUGS! Oh dear, this game didn't get enough time before being pushed out:-- Game crashed to desktop twice.-- Fell out of the world once.-- Mission failed to progress after killing all the enemies. Had to kill myself to replay the mission again.-- Some scenes are very  badly choreographed, so you can make the audio pay way before the animation.-- The world geometry is very unpolished, and it's easy to get caughed on it. Had a stealth attempt fail, because I couldn't get out of the door.-- Had a stealth attempt fail, because enemies saw me and killed me through solid walls.So, even if I've started in high spirits, after just a couple of levels, my will to continue was on the floor. It's a shame - the game came out during the WW2 shooter famine, and could have been something special. It's clear a lot of work and love went into the game, it's baffling they did not finish the game before release.What killed this game the most, is that they added all these stealth mechanics, and yet, tha buggines and lack of polish punish the player so hard for trying the stealth route. I've just ended up going and mowing everyone down with a machine gun."
76561198048456597,Recommended,256190,10421100,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Pvt. Fucking Joker,This game from launch for 30$ is what a classic shooter should feel like its up beat with stealth and has a pretty good story line the graphics are very nice and help the envirments you end up in. i would definitly recommend for 30$
,Not Recommended,256190,10475997,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Kronos,"In the brief hour I logged in Enemy Front, I encountered many issues including invisible objects, walls not rendering, characters with no bodiesand disappearing buildings. The AI is quite weak, often standing in the open while being fired upon or runniong straight at me.  Upon trying a stealth approach, I knifed and enemy in the back,  and much to my amusement, a floating knife stabbed the enemy in the back.  Apparently the player character has no arms.Very weak experience.  Buggy mess.  Not recommended."
76561198015467589,Not Recommended,256190,10426821,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,[SS] Landser,"multiplayer is horrid already.People can spawn camp soon as you spawn mg to the head....no multiplayer commands for admin, both sides can have same weapons and loadouts.Seems like they just dragged xbox game straight over to PC and said there done..."
,Recommended,256190,22727934,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,PowerElsa,"As a person who has played al the medal of honor games(except infiltrator) and likes a bit of stealth, I think this game is very awesome."
,Recommended,256190,33180310,Posted: 3 July,all,Pilot97_YT,"Ok This game for $3 USD is what it is worth an actual bargin would never off payed full price for this game ever but if you see it on sale for this price by all means buy it for a time killer.Story is average, gameplay is ok, and graphics not bad"
,Recommended,256190,23987187,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ragnar Lodbrok,"Great WW2 FPS game!I liked very much!The only problem, I haven't found anyone to play multiplayer.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCYwK0tr7ms"
76561197988833604,Not Recommended,256190,30248451,Posted: 28 February,all,Jetstream,"I never played a game so bad in a long time. It's a buggy mess, in fact, seems that City Interactive games go by the same standards.Playing Multi Player with some friends turned out to be painfull. About 10 crashes for each of us in 2h of gaming. Also MP experience progress only works for the host and if you uninstall the game you might kiss all game progress goodbye, just like in Alien Rage, another buggy piece of crap developed by the same ""company"".In single player campain you can count with bugged NPC's, being seen through barn walls, being shot through walls, crashes.... a real gaming gem!!!WARNING:When I bought this ""game"" I checked other players reviews saying how bad it was and I ignored them. I seriously hope this review catches your attention and makes you stear clear of this ""game"" regardless it's price."
,Recommended,256190,28774615,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SBS,Although people give this game flak. If you get this game for $2.99 i believe its well worth it. its a pretty good fps but nothing about this game is notable. but for its price 3 for 4.4 hrs i believe its well worth it. $1/hr is usually a sweet spot. This game has no bs other than crashing twice throughout playing it. If the game is $3 or under its worth it anything above i believe isnt worth buying.
,Recommended,256190,22794407,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,<KAD>CC85,Feels unfinished. Will play through. I mean if you pay 5 bucks it okay.
,Recommended,256190,32444536,Posted: 15 June,all,lei_feng_walkin,"It was okay, somehow I have 8 hours on it. The AI is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid though, graphics were pretty nice. But I think 30 bucks is a little too much for this game."
,Recommended,256190,33636318,Posted: 18 July,all,Ｍａｘｉｍｉｌｉａｎ,"the concept whas amazing the trailer also whas great but the game is straigt up bad.but i still reccommend it as the artwork looks nice in your steam libary, and for 3 euro you can have a laugh out of this game.however the grapics are good exept those on the gun.for some reason it runs poorly with some settings on ultra but extremely smooth on high even tho there is no difference at all. and the worst is. THE AI is terrible."
76561198043853008,Not Recommended,256190,15827859,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,xxbinahmedxx,"In development for 4 years this game is a huge disappointment for WW2 fans who were expecting a classic experience because of these following reasons:Let's start with the good things (Pros) :+ Amazing graphics (Cryengine 3 )+ Sniping sections are good+ good stealth mechanics+ Mediocre Animations+ wonderful explosions effectsCons :- Terrible story- It's soo boring ..... playing through this game feels like a chore- MP is♥♥♥♥♥♥- AI is sometimes  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- Gameplay feels weird- Devs were too lazy to polish some sections in the game- To me it looks like this game was rushed out even though it was developed for 4 years -_-- This game is terrible to the extent that I didn't even bother to finish it- 29.99 $    :(- "" A WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME""Summary : Enemy Front tries to please many fans who love ( Strategy , Sniping , Action , WW2 , and Adventure games) , however it fails in accomplishing this since the game feels like a combination of all of these aspects that were executed poorly , moreover this game focuses on graphics instead of gameplay which fail to represent a promising product.In conclusion I enjoyed some of the sniping sections  but to be honest the overall experience is Mediocre.Verdict : 4.0/10"
76561198041267435,Recommended,256190,10421584,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,FredzBrah,"I have tried both the single player and multiplayer and for 23,99 Euros this is pretty bang for buck.. The AI in the single player is drop dead stupid im sad to say.. but the multiplayer can actually be something fun in the future with patches and more people getting involved.. yes it is ALOT like COD but in a good way.. i can see myself playing this alot multiplayer just because i love WWII games and there is not alot of them these days"
76561197999167903,Not Recommended,256190,10427274,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,MajAnxietyAttack,"This game is a complete POS ! Crashes every time I try to load the game. Be warned DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ! or at least wait till they patch the hell out of it, good luck."
76561198048347659,Recommended,256190,10940522,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,~{WL}~Little angel,pls fix multiplayer or this game will die
,Recommended,256190,33626892,Posted: 18 July,all,Pretty Patsie™,"Pretty good despite the reviews.  Get a few friends to buy it at its reduced price of £2.99, start a private server, have a laugh! Feels a lot like the days when CoD 1 was actually good!!!"
76561198014649631,Recommended,256190,20385152,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,vangomaextreme,"Not amazing but certainly not awful and given the lack of material in the WW2 genre of late, it's not that bad of a romp around if you're feeling that you need to combat facism in Europe once more.  Don't expect anything groundbreaking or overly intelligent but you probably will find some entertainment in it, if you can pick it up cheap and just want a singleplayer experience."
,Recommended,256190,29532666,Posted: 27 January,all,MikeUFC,"I'm a sucker for WW2 shooters and I've played a ton of them. MoH, CoD, BiA,Sniper Elite etc. What makes Enemy Front different? Well, nothing really. And I think that's the biggest flaw of this game. If you played any of the aforementioned shooters, you've played Enemy Front before. Is that a bad thing though? Nah, not really in my case. there's still a lot to like about Enemy Front. It uses the CryEngine so it looks amazing. The levels are pretty large and give you some wiggle room on how you approach them. The levels where you're going across the French terrain were especially cool to me. The voice acting I thought was very nicely done and the gunplay overall was very satisfying. The flaws? Remember the wiggle room I told you about? It's very slim. If you want to sneak around levels, good luck. You'll eventually end up gunning your way out. The story? You won't really care.  The mission variety? Eh. Pretty standard WW2 shooter stuff. THAT SAID. I enjoyed Enemy Front quite a bit. I believe I paid $3 for it and I felt that was more than worth it. Was it groundbreaking? No. Was  it fun? Absolutely. 7.5/10 from me."
,Recommended,256190,33127044,Posted: 2 July,all,Amrie47,This Game is OK for the price on sale...the graphics also is quite goodRecommended this game for campaign
,Recommended,256190,33457900,Posted: 11 July,all,B.I-S,"It has some annoying glitches but the graphics are alright.The plot is not really interesting, but the weapons are easy to shoot.3/5."
76561198030794492,Recommended,256190,29348106,Posted: 18 January,all,cole.jw,"I'll admit I did get it cheap in a Steam sale, but it would have been worth it if I had paid paid full price. I am a big fan of open world, and while this game was not that, the storyline was so engrossing that I didn't care. It was like reading a very good book that you don't want to put down. It's several years old, so the graphics aren't state-of-the-art, but they're good enough and the quality gameplay makes that irrelevant. The music score is the work of Cris Velasco with Sean Hathaway as well on some tracks. The music is beautifully relevant to the game. One track, ""We Don't Need Another (Dead) Hero"" is very well made, but frustratingly short before repeating. The game really is interactive art right to the end. I find myself wanting some single player DLC or better yet, a new version to come out. In short, it's a great game and having completed it, I will give it some time and then play it again."
76561197969420923,Not Recommended,256190,10438410,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,KillingYouGuy,"Enemy Front sells itself a s a modern WWII shooter, but its game play and graphics are anything but modern. Medal of Honor from 2002 blows this game away in graphics and game play. As others have stated, the enemy AI is simply deplorable. But it hardly stands out from most of this game's shortcomings:You are unable to take ammo from fallen NPCs instead giant ammo crates are everywhere which instantly fill every ammo slot. This means the game devolves into a run and gun mess unlike the enjoyable tactical experience of most WW era games.The gun models are ridiculously comic and the damage zones on NPCs are generous to say the least, hit someone anywhere but their legs and its a kill.I could go on and on, this game is garbage - avoid it like the plague it is and go buy Medal of Honor for a fraction of the cost."
,Not Recommended,256190,28405542,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TwixtorOG,I expected more from this game. Enemy Front is not the optimized game even if I meet the recommended requirements is not playable.
,Recommended,256190,10895172,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Zombie Burger $2.99,"This is what Cod and MW should have been like.This is more like taking both those titles and adding a more or less open world to it.This game has both single player and multiplayer game modes, BUT, the Multiplayer is almost non exsistant.So I would classify this as mostly like an olde school WW2 FPS Shooter with MultiWish more games did this.The playing area in this game are huge. Weapon accuracy and range are realistic to a degree.There are elements from many other games included.Sniper elite style bullet cam but without the internal effects S.E does.Breach Events like Cod.Duel timelines as the story is told about 2 conflicts and most are told in flash back (these are the most open levels)Yes there are drawbacks to the game.No fov slider, but you can tweak the ini file for that.There is a problem with the ingame vsync option, but easily solved by just forcing it in you graphics control panel.If you like exploring a level you can, but just be aware that there are areas where you may get terminaly stuck (Very Few and FAR Between)All in all I would recommend this game as a SP WW2 FPS with optional Multi.Want a more in depth viewT.B has it for you.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N35SDHu5wTM"
76561197985041937,Not Recommended,256190,10847334,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Haupti,Really Bad. Not what it should have been. You hit invisible walls all the time the AI is rather stupid and I also encountered spots where the enemy was literally invincible. There is not such a thing like a stealth mission you can not really walk around enemies and dodge Patrols there is always a chokepoint where you have to fight. No possibility to jump over a 1ft fence to sneak through a field around a Checkpoint. After reading all the previous recommendations I expected a really good WW2 Shooter but I was very dissapointed after a few hours of playing. This Game and more important Game Mechanic and level design would have been great 10 or 15 years ago but today it just looks outdated and stupid to me. I want a open world nowadays and decide myself where and how to engage the enmie if I stay hidden and not CoD like Leveldesign. Get Arma2 or 3 and a few good missions and your Money is spend much better.
,Not Recommended,256190,10490549,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Frederick Barbarossa,"The game really isn't worth 25-29 dollars on Steam. I honestly expected more use of the CryEngine rather than just volumetric effects and light rays through window shutters.The engine looked beautiful at first, but then I noticed that it wasn't gritty and destructive like I expected it to be for a WWII game. It looks like a Crysis port but lost in time and ended up in World War II due to the colour of the trees and the sky.I partially enjoy the storyline, it opens up stories about the characters in the game but only briefly. I don't understand why the protagonist is an American fighting in Poland against Nazi Germany, he mentions at the beginning that his mother was Polish but I wouldn't think of that as reason to fight for the country, especially since Poland became completely occupied in WWII at the beginning. There is also the problem of it throwing you right into the action, you start off at the very beginning defending a blockade on a street in Poland, with the tutorial teaching you the controls of how to shoot and move around.As mentioned before, I expected the engine to be used much more extensively like other titles previously on it, especially when it's the third generation of such a game engine, you would expect so. There is an option in the advanced settings for the physics to be changed from low, medium and high, but that doesn't make a big difference at all since the majority of the areas that you go into are static objects, and that also includes wooden crates and barrels which were moveable in the Crysis franchise so that was a big disappointment. The engine does use the light rays through window shutters and glass reflections which looks rather beautiful, but it's a detail that goes heavily missed due to the constant rushing around and shooting, it is only really noticed when walking down corridors on the sides of buildings.The AI isn't very good. If you walk straight into an enemy you can completely stop them from shooting by standing right infront of their gun while they are just standing there waiting to shoot you. Some people say they can be quite difficult as they flank you and force you back a bit into previous areas of the level, which I haven't encountered at all. I have found that you can counter this situation simply by killing them as they are moving towards you. A lot of the time you find yourself sneaking towards new sets of enemies and then turning it into an instant bloodbath that also seems to end in a matter of seconds. They have some unique things not seen in other FPS games, like taking enemy soldiers hostage, holding a knife to their throat and a pistol in the other hand to use them as temporary cover, however that disappears quickly as your hostage's friends decide to willy nilly blow the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of their body rather than think of the loss of a comrade if they did so.There are explosions, yes, but they are very odd. At the beginning of the game, I sneaked into a small plaza with three men doing shooting practise on a wall with a target on it. Just on their left of them I could see a giant box of TNT or something similar with wires and fuses hanging out, and decided that I could eliminate 3 of the 9 men in the situation by shooting at the box of explosives a couple of times. The box was literally 2 centimetres away from the nearest enemy, and when I shot at the box it took only one bullet to set them off, and the explosive was like as if the entire thing was soaked in water and all the explosives were duds. It was the tiniest explosion I have ever seen in a videogame. The three men simply turned around away from the explosion and start blazing rounds at me rather than look at the exploded box and think of as to why it exploded in the first place.I have an i5 3570k, 8GB of RAM and an overclocked ASUS GTX 560 Ti with 1 GB of memory. When I started the game, I was getting an average of 40 FPS and further into the game I decided to lower the settings a bit, so I turned down post processing and shading, but it looked exactly the same like as if I never turned down the settings, and yet I got 80 FPS after doing so.I wouldn't say the game is non-linear as the description suggests, you have two playing styles in the beginning of every situation which turns into just one full on combat situation with bullets whizzing past your head. You can sneak and kill probably 3-4 people silently but then someone will always notice the dead bodies even if you put them into a place where they can't find them and you have to go loud to get through the area. Oh, did I mention you can drag bodies around after you kill someone? You place them over your shoulder and you pull out your pistol with your other hand to shoot people. Although I ran into a bug where my hand holding the pistol was just holding it up to the sky like as if I was trying to avoid friendly fire and I couldn't fire it at all which was useless. I also ran into another bug where I picked up a Kar-98, a semi rifle which requires you to click out the casing of the bullet everytime you fire, but I ended up with a fully automatic sub-machine gun that was nowhere to be seen.If I was to rate this game out of 10, I would give it a 3."
,Recommended,256190,11647311,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Sweetly Sick,"Single Player is great, with lush graphics, interesting levels (albeit somewhat linear) and fun gameplay.  Shortish, but value for money if under $20 or so."
,Not Recommended,256190,26403198,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Ciradis,i bought this for 2£ and i still want a refund
,Recommended,256190,10434364,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"After finishing the single player campaign, including the DLC I've come to the point that I feel like rewriting my prior review.In my first review I was rather negative about this game; ""Enemey Front"".Many things stated on the store page did not show up in the game at all or showed up in a tamed down version.But, as it may be, things did turn out to be pretty good after all.I mean, at first you might feel a bit ripped off, because there're no really vast open maps/levels. Combat is not always to your liking. Many things, if not all, are scripted, etc.Although the game is different than stated in the description, Enemy Front does provide a solid gaming experience and a nice story to connect the different missions.The gameplay, controls, speed and reaction to input are all as you might expect from a CryEngine based game. They're top nodge. And many of the problems some users reported I didn't experience.In order to get the most out of this game you should run it on DX11 though and on max settings. This makes sure that the game looks like the screenshots. Okay, a bit less polished, but in the thick of a fight you don't really care if there're 50 shrapnel parts flying around or just 45.The sound in this game is very good. The weapons have a nice sound and the dialogs, especially the German ones are even better than the Call of Duty counter parts. They're even more interesting.Bugs..,The only bug I encountered once was a bug with the TNT/Dynamaite charge. After placing it I couldn't walk away. Providing my own Jihad experience. Besides of that anything during the game went pretty smooth.Multiplayer can be a bit of a hassle though, many perople report connection problems or strange lag jolts and things like that.But, with the just provided dedicated server things might have changed. I haven't tested it yet, so I don't know.My final verdict for Enemy Front is: ""A solid gaming experience"".It might be a bit overpriced, but if you're in to WWII games, then it's not that big of a deal."
,Recommended,256190,23871424,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,The Rekt,"Only played the singleplayer campaign, but would still recommend getting at least when on sale if you like WW2 games. Has a lot of game mechanics that are similar to for example CoD and other major shooters, but still has an unique feeling. Interesting moderately open maps, fun gunplay and a unique story make for a good FPS despite some bugs."
76561198033938067,Not Recommended,256190,28172136,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,The Eagle Assassin,Glitchy and unrealistic in my opinion but you can get an hour or two of gameplay in
76561197994441195,Recommended,256190,18784376,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,x9lt231,"This game reminds me of the cheesy movies that we used get from the rental stores. If you pay full price, you probably will regret it. But if get it at a fair price and clear your head of thoughts, you will have a good experience.The thing is, both WW2 FPSs and rental stores are the dying breed these days. It makes me sad :-(Verdict: A 2014 released FPS that brings nostalgia with the game mechanics of early 2000s, -which reminds me of MOHAA-. The game is not that bad, but consider buying this only if its on sale."
,Not Recommended,256190,27914879,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gedman RIP 10-2-2016,"Constant crashes, constant kicking me to windows while im trying to play!"
76561198006882147,Recommended,256190,31251983,Posted: 20 April,all,Sasqautch,"Really enjoyed the game beautiful areas like the farm area and orchard , Only let down for me was the length being too short. The game shines after about 1 and a half hours.Nice world war 2 shooter that just needed to be longer as i enjoyed this but for the price point its not worth it based on the length.. This is totaly worth it when it is on sale.Solid game with an average story but for me its more about the areas and atmospshere then anything , So yeah dont get fooled by the mixed reviews because really its the price point and the length that has people feeling mixed on the game.A funny thing for me was it says we are going to Poland now and i was like oooh that will be fun because i watch a doco about poland and ussr and i was like that sounds great , but then it was actualy the end lol. The length imo is the only thing that really hurts the game price wise."
,Not Recommended,256190,10423977,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Vaughn Whiskey,"I and another streamer went into this game thinking it was going to be a solid shooter and from what the trailer showed that it was a hidden gem...WE WAS WRONG.The game plays better with a controller and if you do not use a one, it was the stiffest game I ever touched. Everyone looked awkward and unnatural and the weapons shot like spitball shooters.I hope a lot of stuff gets patched soon.Vaughn"
,Not Recommended,256190,10428671,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,ZuroX,"The one and only FPS game that's worst then CoD Ghost.  so much lag, no hitbox,  looks quite good but the game itself is useless dont buy it,  4 multiplayer maps and you cant chose what side to play on. 4000 ping for everyplayer exept the host."
,Not Recommended,256190,16416323,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Hambles,"I'm sorry, even though I bought this on sale, it was not worth a penny. The stealth in this game is virtually pointless and doesn't work half the time. Then there's the numerous graphical glitches as well - NPCs blinking is the most obvious one. Then the voice acting is appalling. I knew to expect a dumb WW2 shooter but I wasn't expecting to get a fecking mong chariot.Graphics are kinda pretty though but that's about it.Afraid it's a definite ""no"" from me and I'd give it a 2/10.I now await my refund..."
,Recommended,256190,24150013,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Wolf Van Hugan,"This was a plesant surprise in the field of world war 2 games on steam currently.  The story takes you through war-torn Poland, France, Norway, and Germany. You are an American reporter and help various members of each civilian's resistance against the German army.The game suffers from a severe lack of difficulty even on the hardest option. Your character can stomach at least 5-7 mp40 bullets and while the health regeneration is slower than most other games, it's too easy to run away from any threats. The enimies's health also don't scale so if you're an experinced FPS player you can quickly down most of the enimies rather quickly.That is the only serious problem aside from the occasional glitch which a quick checkpoint reset fixes.The story is heart touching. I have a personal connection with the warsaw uprising and to just be a random guy and  they show it very well. While all of the German soilder's are Men, the Polish Home Army is made up of Men and Women in about a 3:1 ratio during the game. That was just a really nice touch to complete the desperation and show what people fought for during those 2 months.Gameplay wise, there is a well done stealth mechanic. You have a meter on your hud and it'll make a noise and fill up red when you can be seen so you can quickly sprint and slide into cover to avoid being seen. You have a pair of binoculars so you can mark enimies and they'll have an yellow eye for a ""passive"" mode or  red for an ""alert"". You can see this icon through walls too. You can throw a rock to distract guards and they'll go on alert but won't siginal other soilders to the area.The sniping mechanic is similar to the Sniper Elite games with the slow motion bullet cam and noise to cover sniper shots in a large area. The bullets seem to go off of the scope a little so it makes tight shots pretty difficult.Each mission usually has a couple side missions which range from helping resistance members, blowing up tanks and halftracks, to releasing POW's from a prision camp.Gunplay overall is satisfying even though it isn't innovaitve which it doesn't really need, the story and level design were the bigger focus. The game gives you a couple opprotunities to gun down Nazi's with a mg42 to satisfy your itch after slealthing past a group of them. There are also a decent number of slow-mo breaching sequences which are rather fun.The level desgin in this game is amazing and really ties the game together. Your objective is in this village and on the opposite of the village is a river, you can sleath around the far outskirts of the town and get closer to your target. Very few times have i felt restrant on where a can and can't go. I may definitaly play through the game again and kill everything just so i can explore the levels because when you sleath through a level, you tend to only see the outside edge of half of it.Playing through the game on expert and completing most of the side missions and playing with a mix of stealth and firefights. It took me a little under 7 hours to beat the game which is shorter than i would have liked to have experinced a lot more of the game but those hours were a solid 7 hours of good fun and a touching story.I picked this game up for 90% off during the Steam summer sale of 2016 and it costed me $3 and i felt it was well worth it. Full price I would stear away from it unfortunately. Multiplayer is completely dead so don't even bother with the dlc packs but other wise i fully recommend this game to people."
76561198013490536,Recommended,256190,33777923,Posted: 24 July,all,jgarbuz,"Not bad for $3 bucks. It's a tough little WWII shooter, with quite good graphics and scenery, however it is tough because it doesn't give you many checkpoints.  Not much in the way of story, but you're a journalist who got caught up with the Fench Resistance and you go out on some tough missions alone. If you like WWII type single player shooters, it shouldn't disappoint. If you survive."
76561198035893706,Recommended,256190,34219739,Posted: 13 August,all,tech011,"This game has an interesting premise; the graphics are good; and, the price was reasonable if not cheap.  Once past those points, the game is acceptable, but not great.  Might revisit it in the distant future, and will recommend it for now."
76561198282534159,Recommended,256190,29447480,Posted: 23 January,all,XxMr_NastyxX429,"I think this is a good game and doesnt deserve the negetivity it gets on here, but staightforward it is an alright game, not amazing but not bad either. It satisfies my ww2 itch ive been having for a while and it feels like some of the old school ww2 games ive played on the ps2. But saying that it is overpriced and i wouldnt recomend picking it up unless it was on sale like i did. It is a great game for a couple bucks but its not worth $30."
,Recommended,256190,35149833,Posted: 23 September,all,Eduardo,"This was a great buy for 3€. Gunplay is very good with a surprisingly good weapon variety,  maps are quite open (Far Cry 1 / Crysis 1 style) with a lot of different environments, you can also chose whether to play stealth or rambo style, visuals are mostly good but there are also a lot of really ugly looking areas. AI is dumb and cutscens are horrible, but that's what you always expect from a low budget games, right? CI Games continue to surprise me how good their games are (SGW series, Alien Rage), but you always have to wait for a good discounts, otherwise they are not worth buying."
,Recommended,256190,22865880,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Walker,"Good game if you picked it up cheap.if you like WWII guns and shooting nazis, just dont expect originality you ain´t going to find it here."
76561198102672607,Recommended,256190,23881596,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Pseudosky,"Very well made game, stealth system is a bit strange at times, but overall solid work.The game creates a different take on World War Two than the usual ""america rekts germans"", and it is very unique that at the end of the campaign, no matter what you do, the Poles lose. One almost never see that in WW2 genre games.The campaign is short, but very well made allowing it to be replayed multiple times due to the open playstyle. Be it stealthy, loud, or both. An absolutely fantastic game for those who wish to learn more about the war from the perspective of the resistance movements all across Europe."
76561198014850745,Recommended,256190,10966164,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DemunGod,"In the main mission you are an american reporter fighting with the resistance against the nazis doing different missions and end up helping them throughout the whole game.  Not the best WWII game I ever played but it was nice with a game that came out with newer graphics.Things I liked:-The things that I liked was the gun sounds, they were actually amazing on almost every gun you would shoot (probably the best WWII gun sounds in any game to date)-You can grab hostages and use them as a shield and still use your pistol to shoot other enemies and then just kill the hostage-Counter knife was pretty cool and decent and had a couple different animations for it- The blood squirt when you shoot an enemy and if you shoot them in the neck they grab their neck for a little animation and then fall over and die- How you can stealth or just run and gun- Varies things you can shoot to make objects fall on enemies or release debris from trucks that makes them move and crush enemies or makes a distraction- You can run and slide by hitting the crouch button- Map detailing was pretty good and a lot of different buildings you could go into and routes for the most part-They didnt r.a.p.e you for the money ($30) and I have played $60 games that were a lot worst and shorter.Things I didnt like:- The movement of your character felt sluggish and slow but i eventually got used to it and didnt really notice it after a few hours of playing- Wish there was more guns, I understand your fighting with the russian resistance fighters and only have access to russian guns and german guns but the welrod and the 1911 was in the game but I was hoping to see the thompson, B.A.R springfield and the browning.  ( The thompson and Garant you can use in a dlc mission I believe i got from preorder, which you are a different character and different mission).Theres only been a few games that had all those american guns and got them rightConclusion:All in all the negatives werent that negative but as WWII FPS games are my fav type of game and was glad to see one come out with updated graphics and such.  The main mission took me about 10 hrs to complete with taking time stealthing some missions and running and gunning some.  The dlc map took about 30 minutes to run and gun.  A couple of aspects like the sniping when the camera follows the bullet to the enemy was like sniper ghost warrior but that didnt bother me, I actually enjoyed that. As for the MP part of the game I cant comment because Im not a MP type of player.  I play games for the SP stories. As for it being $30 the game is well worth it to me because I understand how long it takes to make a game and to get everything right since I used to make custom maps for COD WAW and the SP mission was longer than I expected.  Hope to see more DLC missions with some more american guns and I would rate this game 1 point higher.I would rate this game a 7.5 to a 8 out of 10 and would recommend it if you like WWII FPS gamesBy the way dont ever listen to popular gaming sites or critic reviewers because they are rarely right about games and most are usually paid by other gaming companies to say bad things about a game. Best bet is to listen to reviewers on here or from some forums.  Good luck and hope this helps."
,Recommended,256190,29494576,Posted: 25 January,all,Dr.StrangeSpock,I like the quality of the small MP maps and went through them all. Similar to COD World at War Size. Had to create own server to see them. I plan to do the SP one day. Very nicely done.
,Recommended,256190,29210865,Posted: 12 January,all,remppis,"Love the WW2 setting and pretty CryEngine 3 visuals, especially outdoor/farmland areas deserve some praise. Almost all missions have a stealth option besides going all in guns blazing. It has super generic and kinda boring story though and somewhat clunky gameplay, some animations take ages to finish. Sniping is pretty fun as it has blatantly copied some of the mechanics from Sniper Elite games. Paid 2 euros, got 5 hours of fun after running through the campaign = positive experience overall."
76561198082640923,Recommended,256190,23841860,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Paul196UK,"An excellent and enjoyable FPS war shooter game which as great action, great graphics and physics. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,256190,10551387,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Alpha Taco,"***APOLOGIZE IN ADVANCE FOR LOW PLAY TIME, REASON BELOW***Gotta say, was looking forward to this game.It is crashing every 25-30 seconds after the level loads, and it completely freezes requiring a CTRL+ALT+DELETE out of the game.I know my computer can run it, runs other games beautifully.Fix the game, it is unplayable.I can't even comment on the combat, gun-play, AI, nothing, because I can't stay in frigging game long enough to what it's like.Buy highly at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,256190,10710694,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[BacEn] Jobbo_Fett,"I bought this game naively expecting something along the lines of ""The Saboteur"".  They both involve a resistance fighter in a desperate struggle to stay alive against Nazi oppression.  Unfortunately, the clunky controls, horrid visuals, awkward dialogue and strange design decisions reduces the amount of fun one could have while playing this game.To it's credit, it gives you some lesser known weapons and gives the player an idea of what it was like being a resistance fighter stuck in Warsaw but that's about as far is it goes.  It tries to do stealth sections and action sequences, but it seems to fall short, like a jack of all trades but master of none.There are a few examples I want to give, as a heads up to anyone tempted to buy this but fortunate enough to read the negative reviews.Can't switch weapons while in certain animations.  The Welrod will kill you often if you get caught or don't kill in the first shot.Bugs/Issues where you aren't given or told where to get a mission critical weapon.  Try sniping with a pistol.Horrible, and I mean horrible, checkpoint system.  Normally, I wouldn't complain about this but the level design and tedium involved sometimes is too much.Breaching maneuver ala Call of Duty, hope you selected a good gun before entering the animation. (See Welrod above)Animations, graphical quality and AI behaviour that is surprising close to Return to Castle Wolfenstein... just go play that.I really would've liked this to have been a better game, but I can't support paying full price for this game. (Or even discounted for that matter)"
,Not Recommended,256190,10791300,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,|2RBn| Col Shanahan,"Very disaapointed in the graphics of this game.  If I didn't know any better I'd think it was from 2004. Lots of glitches and just generally amature looking rendering.  Some of the lighting effects are nice, but I find it difficult to remain engaged with a game when the graphics just don't even come close to the other games I've been playing, including some of the older CoD titles.  (My machine can handle War Thunder on movie-quality settings, so I'm quite certain it's the game's issue and not mine.)"
76561197976793622,Recommended,256190,10461613,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,johnny76,"Really buggy. AWFUL AI. I was really looking forward to this, so I'll give it another try once a patch comes out, but it's practically unplayable in it's current state.My system: 8-core 3.5 ghz AMD CPU, 16 gb RAM, Samsung Evo SSD, EVGA Geforce GTX 760 4gb"
,Not Recommended,256190,11688214,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,╣T☠T╠  ℳike.littlelegion,"The price for this game is ridiculous, £29.99. I payed 18 quid for chivalry medieval warefare, a game that I have 201 hours on, and am still playing, it has no major issues and is very polished, though on my new gpu (gtx 770 oc) I did have an issue with it that was resolved.This game costed me more than buying ""star wars: knights of the old republic"" and ""star wars: knights of the old republic 2: the sith lords"" both on steam and on physical copy, I got them on disk before the holy light of Gabe shone from the heavens at me, hence them being on disk, but rebought them as steam is more convenient, as I dont want a disk drive on my pc, they are ugly.The first of the aformentioned games I regarde as being the best game ever made if you could say there was one. Everything is right, graphics, sounds, models, music, characters, story, atmosphere etc, nothing could be better, and it has in my opinion no flaws. The second game is flawed, though still fantastic, and with the restored content mod, it is even better.My point being that I bought those great games twice, for less than I payed for this turd.NOW ON TO STUFF ABOUT THIS GAME:I bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥because I thought it would be nice to play a WW2 fps game, and it reminded me of medal of honor: Airborn, but with the glorious graphics of cryengine.Open launching the game, it crashed, I tried and tried and it finally launched after about 8 tries. I got into the menu, and was like ""damn, thats pretty"" it had a very nice menu, aesthetically. I opened the options menu and was kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with the janky menu controls, it felt like a console port, many of my pc gaming brothers will know what I mean in terms of the menu controls and layout. I maxed the game out, and was looking forward to the nice graphics.I went back to the main menu, and guess what, it crashed when I decided to click the multyplayer option, ( I wanted to check the graphics etc without watching the inevitable cutscenes etc that fps are so plauged by in the single player)It crashed, I opened the game again, it crashed like when I first started it up, and about 5 minuites of trying later it opened. I tried to get on multyplayer and it kept crashing and it worked eventually and I was greeted to the server menu, I tried to join a game.NOPE......... it didnt let me, i kept being timed out etc, and getting messages in the vain of ""unable to establish conection"", "" host timed out"" unable to connect to server"" etc.I created my own game, and it worked, but even 10 minuites later nobody joined, the graphics were a let down, they were nice, but not very good, a few years ago, circa crysis 1, they would be acceptable, but now, no. The lighting etc was good, because of cryengine, but the textures were of fairly low quality, and the game didn't run very well, I was only getting about 60-70 fps, on a small multyplayer map, I know thats not due to the 770's performance, it maxes everything, and doesnt tank on demanding games, I should also mention I have an amd fx 8350, it is not the best, its no top of the line i7, but it is very good, and from what I have observed, I am getting higher fps on most games than people with i7 3770k's and upwards, so its no slouch. The cpu is overclocked, not by much as I am keeping the stock cooler untill I can afford my water cooling setup, but the cpu is very stable and fairly cool, especially considering it is an 8350, known for being hot. So there is no excuse for this low fps I experienced, I can run much better looking games with higher fps etc than I can in this, and from watching a lot of gtx 770 and 770 oc performance videos, many of them for the gigabyte windforce 2 like I have, I know that  It can run metro last light and other demanding games often better than it can this. THIS GAME IS NOT VERY EFFICIANT AT DOIN♥♥♥♥♥♥I left the game, and then quit, upon quiting I got an error message saying ""enemy front.exe has stopped working"" so I presume closing it crashes it or something.I did not touch the game for about 2 hours. I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that I waisted 30 quid on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I could have bought some fans for my case, or some nice bitfenix alchamy pc leds or something, but I got this turd of a game.I was met with the same crashes etc I have previously described, though less of them, and finnaly got into the singleplayer ""campaign"" (more like a ♥♥♥♥in romp in the countryside of france but o well.........) .upon clicking the singleplayer button, it launches this kind of 3d scene that is paned around with a floating pov camera, It is quite nice, I presume its supposed to distract you from the long♥♥♥♥♥(really long, some like 3 minuites long) load times, though it doesn't. After the game finished loading and I was prompted to press any key or something to start the game, it crashed as soon as I tried to do that.I launched the game etc. went into singleplayer, watched the pan around thing and perhaps watched a cutscene (I dont remember) and got into the game. The textures were not all as bad as the ones from the multyplayer matches, and sometimes the game looked quite nice, though its no crysis 1-3 or anything. The performance was still argueable, but okay.The game fairly fun once it picked up (after the first mission or two, that were like noob friendly tutorials.Some of the larger fights and things like explosions were impressive, mostly due to cryengine. but the enemy ai, ai in general was not great, it was fairly easy to just run up to enemies and shoot them in the face with a pistol. The stealth aspects of gameplay work fairly well, with takedowns and using enemies as human shields by grabbing them from behind, and I that the welrod (cant rember how to spell it) was in the game as a stealthy pistol rather than just making some wierd silenced luger or something silly. The combat, can be hard, so its rewarding when you dont die, and killing nazi's is fairly fun, its satisfying and headshots are fun, but the difficulty is not what makes surviving an encounter good, its that there are check points (why not quick saves.......cmon, games are getting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I want to press f5 and have no worries, or if i♥♥♥♥♥♥it up, press f6 and reload the save) but the check points are very sprea out etc, and it just feels annoying, if a games combat outcomes rely on planning and tactics etc, quick save is needed, or at least an option when you press escape, but no, its just checkpoints, so if you decide to take on a group of enemies in a stealthy manner, an you spend like 3 minuites sneaking around, silently dispatching nazis, and then one sees you and alerts his friends and you die, you reload a checkpoint, spawning you miles from where you were, without whatever you picked up on the way, and all people you killed are back, so you try again, and if you ♥♥♥♥ it up, you load the checkpoint again............ its just not funThe cutscenes:The video quality sucks, instead of having it play out real time in the engine, the rendered it or something and recorded it, it is like something from an early 2000's ps2 game, or a bad 7th gen console game cutscene............... its not nice. But the content in the cutscenes is fairly good, the characters have some kind of personality and there is some humour to them,but they aren't super fleshed out but meh, I did not expect them to be. The sounds generally respond to what is going on etc in the cutscene, so if the characters are in a large room, it will echo etc.The music:I dont reallt remember any, so it wasnt great obviosly, but I think it was an orchestral score, which is always welcome, but its not john willaims calibre or anything, but its not bad.controls:I remember them working, and I think that they were rebindable, not sure, too lazy to check lol.Well, im bored and kind remember what else i was going to wright.IN SUMMARY:Its not special, I wouldnt say its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but its not great, 5/10."
76561198006181583,Not Recommended,256190,29707010,Posted: 4 February,all,damienkilcannon,"Fantastic graphics and wonderful lighting effects. Just really boring. It is just a series of go here and kill all the nazis. No real story line. No real distinction from ""mission"" to ""mission"". Just one duck and cover then shoot mission after another. Don't bother."
,Not Recommended,256190,24145775,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Rockfire ✘,"Pros:Great graphicsDecent gunplayOpen levelsCons:The checkpoint system, aka spend 10 minutes fending off waves of germans only for you to die and have to spend another 10 minutes to get back to the point where you originally were. Only to then die because the dynamite you placed can go through walls and there isnt another checkpoint for 5 minutes still.Bad hit detection in single player, I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not.Misaligned sights on some guns, Sniper rifle you have to aim down not up to compensate.Horrible checkpoint systemTerrible plot.Dumb AIStealth mechanics are just a joke, even the mission where they want you to stealth just ends up being a loud firefight.The game started out so good but the longer you play the more you see the games glaring issues. Shame, I liked this game early on."
,Not Recommended,256190,19592286,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,sawerin,"Well, at first I was kind of excited about the game. I really enjoy WWII shooters since Medal of Honor and Call of Duty eras. Played them a lot. love them a lot and even was kind of dawned with Modern Warfare kicking in. When I saw this game - decided to give it a try. Even Totalbiscuit gave it a nice review, so, why not?It was interesting at first. New game, new ideas. But something did not feel right.- There is stealth in game but no matter how hard you try - you won't get it.- Collectibles are not important at all except for achievement and are really hard to find.- Never liked multiplayer but just gave it a try. It is dead.- Heroes are not interesting at all. I did not give a crap if one would die or not.- Level design is ok in the terms of graphics but very lenient.- And Oh My God! Parts of the level are scripted in such a way that the may hero CLOSES THE DOOR in order not to let you come back to the previous part of the level. WTF? Are you serious? That looks so ridiculous. Made me furious.And the last mission is so-so. More or less realistic in the terms of war but not dramatic at all. The last 3 nazis died very stupid.Do I recommend it? Well, no. With all do respect to Polish Resistance, it does not cover even a part of the amazing history and brave man. I liked the idea and there are some good elements but in general, game does not catches your attention. I so wish it would be different."
76561197981850855,Recommended,256190,11429292,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[AGX]MHUNAL,"Very good start up, seems promissing, I liked  it."
76561198003996728,Not Recommended,256190,28000286,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,wanted31,Only if -90% + a lot of config.sys adj to make the game look acceptable.
76561197975049226,Not Recommended,256190,10474237,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,freebirth,ok gameplay..enemies are hard to see. all the dust and lens flair makes it hard to play. they are jsut overdone...and the film grain...why is that a thing?
,Recommended,256190,10434756,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Fuby,"As I await the release of Sniper Elite III... I figured why not.. And find it aint a bad game.. It has the WW2 era feeling. Kinda stealthy if ya want to play that way. Graphics I guess on par with Sniper Elite 2.. Over all I am enjoying this game so far. The multiplayer is limited to 12 players with no private server run optons.. Host is playing in the game.. But heck, 6 vs 6 makes a fairly fun game at times with a good host speed.. I personally have not had any issues to date.. I5@4.0ghz, 16gb ram, ssd and 670 Nividia card. I hear some have issues..I dunno.. all is fine to date for ""me"".. for less than 25 bucks.. sure.. if ya like WW2 games.. go for it.. think a sniper elite series with a bit less stealthy..ya gonna get spotted.. some areas, you have no choice but to clear out the bad guys.. Oh play it on HARD.. Ai aint the best... but u will die..:)"
76561197964036171,Not Recommended,256190,10434173,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,reborn,"Well, really disappointed in this game. I have a I7, running at 3.2, 16 gig ram, GTX680, SSD and this game runs like crap. I thought since it runs on the Cryengine, it would run great since Far Cry 3 runs smoothly with everything maxed. It runs so bad that even when you get steady frames, it hurts your eyes to play. Either the code needs to be optimized or Nvidia drivers will have to make a special driver just for this game. I wasted 23 dollars to play a game that only works for a few, so I uninstalled it!"
,Recommended,256190,12716940,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lucaツ,Its a WWII FPS game what else do you need to know?Graphics are similar to  Medal of HonorIts the type of game you just want to finish.i did enjoy the game so it was worth the buy.
76561197982968927,Recommended,256190,10836526,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Game Geezer,"I don't make reviews often, but you have but to look at my profile to see both my experience, and what I play.I've seen a lot of negative reviews on this game and I say anyone that doesn't like ENEMY FRONT is a Yancy Streeter!There hasn't been much to come out on WWII in way of FPS for a while. But fans of either genre owe it to themselves to buy ENEMY FRONT!From the entralling environment, to the tension building music to the old school ""Do it your way"" combat ENEMY FRONT satisfied!This is my first taste of a game designed on the CryEngine since its release. But if this is a taste of things to come, plate it up and take my money!If I had known what to expect, I'd have paid for ENEMY FRONT what I did for WOLFENSTIEN becasue honestly, ENEMY FRONT  contents me better!That's right! I said it! If you must choose between them, For WWII FPS take ENEMY FRONT! The freedom to fight or sneak or mix it up alone gives this play a better feel, and a better replay value!"
76561197960375969,Recommended,256190,10847556,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kopfschmerzen,Single player OK but with a little FPS experience it is way to easy even in the hardest mode.
,Recommended,256190,23948047,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jippolatta,"You get to shoot a load of Nazis, what's not to love?In all seriouness, this is a really enjoyable game to play and works really great on 21:9. Yeah sure there are small little things you could pick on but there are a lot less than what you would find if it was made by EA or Activision.If you enjoy WWII games then you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,256190,10471551,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,peter,IT IS VERY INTERESTING
76561198061294661,Recommended,256190,16739769,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Margot Robbies titty scene,"Very fun, but don'y get this if you want to play multiplayer."
76561198065599885,Recommended,256190,18804828,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Peter A. Romanov,It made me kill my family11/10
76561198092975417,Recommended,256190,30051065,Posted: 19 February,all,MarshallB,"This is one of those games where gameplay shines over story. The story to this game doesn't make sense and is hard to follow as events are connected but it is very unclear as to how. Gameplay on the other hand makes this game fun. The game plays well and I have to say balsting my way through the Nazi army feels as good as ever. At the end of this game even though I had no clue exactly what went on I had to ask my self, ""Was this game fun?"" and to answer that question, yes it is fun. It has decent graphics and runs well. So if you are looking for something that is fun and can easily kill time I would strongly reconmend this game."
76561198077651557,Recommended,256190,19307766,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,thespartan1994,"great ww2 game, but no server at all .the multiplayer is useless"
76561198015400310,Recommended,256190,23841335,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Intercorpcom,"Very Nice Game....was even better on sale...Plays Very Fast, Good story line.. and a sale...cant go wrong"
76561198391121423,Recommended,256190,35073241,Posted: 19 September,all,andrewkuras12,Really enjoying this game. I can see why people would be unhappy if they paid full price though. There is deffinitely a few bugs like cutscenes not always working. i wouldnt pay 32.99 for it but if you can get it on sale for 3.29 like i did its definitley worth the couple dollars.
,Recommended,256190,35168671,Posted: 23 September,all,Bidzyan,"I love this game man, one day Enemy Front will learn to fix their multiplayer modes and make enemy front popular again  and when it happens I will forever be thankful for buying this game, the graphics are amazing and the singleplayer gameplay too I honestly hope this game becomes furthor more developed and populated."
,Recommended,256190,35191549,Posted: 24 September,all,Duez,"After playing this game on both console and PC, I think I should give my current point of viewPros-Good graphics-Good Story-Choices (Not forced to do a certain action)---------------------------------------------Cons-No save button (You are forced to only rely on autosaves which can be annoying)-Long load screens-AI can be bad-AI Detection is bad (Seriously, how is a AI able to see me through a cement wall?---------------------------------------------Overall, I do recommend this game"
76561198097608389,Not Recommended,256190,24032272,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Higgdog97,I really wanted to like this game since I first saw a trailer for it on the Playstation 3. So I waited for steam to have a sale on this game  when i finally decided to buy this game it just kept crahing on my pc. So I may have to try to play it on the Playstation 3  im just guessing the develolers ported it to the pc without fixing the bugs becaues i was able to get in the game menu but there were no servers and when i tryed to load up the campaign  it would freeze up my computer.
,Recommended,256190,13691770,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Guolleipmil,"Beautifull enviroments. CI games has gone for a game based on Sniper Ghost Warrior. The have even reused the bullet cam. They have improved the stealth part since you are all alone in this game. But i got to say that i was struggling during stealth in this game. somethimes the sound isolation does not work and the enemies dont even care about the rocks you throw to lure them away. And it really bothered me that somethimes you couldn't tagg enemies with your binoculars. If they would have made those parts better they would have nailed it. but it was not impossible to complete the mission full stealth. The combat system is good and the enemies are accurate. the story is interesting as you are a reporter covering the forgotten heroes of WW2. The levels is also different as you are i france. Norway, Poland and Germany. A big minus for the story is the ending. Its like they didn't care about the game anymore, they just wanted to finish it. No dialouges, it was like an awkward silence. But it might be something i dont understand. In totall the game was pretty fun at times and I felt like an master when i completed a stealth part perfectly.recomend bying this game if you like WW2 games."
76561198038591768,Not Recommended,256190,28732672,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Diamonddogdave,"I went into this game hoping for a well balanced WWII shooter like far cry but 1940.  This is a bad game!  The FOV and motion blur is distracting, the movement feels gluey and aiming is unresponsive.  The stealth movement is good, you can throw rocks to distract enemies like in older shooters, but because your controls are so spongy you can't do anything in a hurry, so long drawn out hunting and creeping seems to be the only method (which I guess makes it pretty real).More than anything its boring, even if 10 baddies jump you, you can shoot your way out, ammo is plentiful and the weapons are powerful (or the baddies are super weak).  The placed explosives dont add any excitement.There is no character deformation and no localised animation for enemy model wounds, bodies disappear the moment you look away, so any exciting visceral brutality is removed (lame).Played for an hour on max difficulty, far too easy and repetitive but not in a good way, the kills just aren't satisfying like in DOOM (any), Wolfenstien (any), COD (any), blah blah blah or pretty much any FPS out there."
76561197984771375,Not Recommended,256190,28395226,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,GrimReaper,"Just another mindless, buggy world war II game. Not worth your money and time"
76561198253635112,Recommended,256190,29960408,Posted: 16 February,all,《amilk2123》,I very like this funny game part 2 plz
,Not Recommended,256190,28605673,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hangman,"Lots of love, but no talent."
,Recommended,256190,23901721,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,✵Maisuradze✵,"i think this game hev some bug, becouse its a shooter game ..i realy lile this game bit the price is mach biger then the game. buy this game only on sale. enemy front-have a dead multyplayer . becouse price is big and people dont, bought. ..i think if the price is get lowed  game has really bigz featur.."
76561198077712179,Not Recommended,256190,23943423,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ImAwesomeAli,"Summary: It's a fun(ish) game with lots of flaws. Only buy it on sale ($5 or less)Double asterisks ** indicate that that aspect has a relevant pro/con to accompany it.Pros:-I bought it for $2.99**-Sometimes the graphics look good, has beautiful scenery**-Sounds are usually good**-If you crouch and focus on a target long enough to get a red circle with a sniper rifle, it imitates Sniper Elite slomo kills (without the detailed penetration).-Has cool cinematic scenes that move around a frozen 3D environment before levels. Cutscenes have effective cinematography.**-Offers ""stealth"" approach**Cons:-I bought it**-Some textures are high res, some are low res and blurry**-High contrast visuals are harsh on the eyes, cannot adjust in-game**-Sometimes the sounds of guns drop or dont play properly, occasionally one or two shots are un-synced**-Shots sometimes ""miss"" in spite of having been aimed properly.-Acting isn't always great, it has its moments but not enough of them.-""Cinematic"" scenes are all played at a poor resolution and appear blurry compared to the game.-Grass, and other such textures are flat textures and their use as cover varies from usable to nonexistent (again the game fails to remain consistent).-Stealth is poorly implemented and is pretty much unusable, not only due to the stealth interaction scenes appearing sluggish/slowed down and therefore looking ridiculous, but also because there are not enough opportunities to effectively use stealth.**-Movement has a slidey effect which I got used to after a short while, but it is ridiculous and annoying nonetheless.I'm sure there are more cons but you get the idea, the game is vastly flawed and is really only worth $3-5. The game description claims to be non-linear FPS but due to poor implementation of stealth and sabotage and the lack of silenced snipers (at least 2 hrs into the game) sniping is also only effective in combination with the use of other weapons and finally finishing off the last few enemies with CQ combat as they tend to hide and not come out sometimes. I only recommend it if you get it on sale, have an afternoon to kill, and don't mind not being able to use half of the game mechanics (stealth, ""sabotage"", etc.) due to poor implementation."
,Recommended,256190,30035823,Posted: 19 February,all,Hendo,Good game but It doesn't really worth replaying.
,Not Recommended,256190,23983422,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Marko J.,"This game had the potential to be so much more but it failed. The only good thing it has is graphics and that is because it's running cryengine 3, plus the WWII wasn't that pretty with the beutiful green grass and trees and flowers, it was a dark and cold war.The gameplay is mostly bad, the game lacks level design, it tries to give you a choice but it doesn't do it very well and almost all the levels are linear. The levels are mostly short, you just run around where the game tells you to go and you just find some sections that have a bunch of enemies and shoot them up and go on with the mission.The multiplayer is even worse, despite that there are 2 to 3 servers and some of them are private they are very laggy."
76561198021027762,Recommended,256190,24005057,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Hitman(KT),"Great single player FPS. It's well worth buying just for the single player mode.I gave $2.99 on sale.Multi player is fun too if you can find players.Graphics,story line and overall playability are excellant."
,Not Recommended,256190,35189863,Posted: 24 September,all,DareO,"No multiplayer at all. The game feels vague. The weapons, sounds and the story... it is not worth the 2€ and your time."
,Recommended,256190,10505714,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Richard Nixon,"DO YOU WANNA FEEL LIKE A ONE MAN NAZI WRECKING MACHINE!? WHOO-YEAH, LET'S DO THIS THING!In all seriousness, this game is really fun. It's not perfect, but it's worth playing if you miss the glory days of World War 2 shooters. The game gives you oportunities to stealth it, and there's a noise mechanic where the NAZIs can't hear you over certain loud noises, but see the above ""wrecking machine"" comment - it's way more fun."
,Not Recommended,256190,10492186,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,mallot45,"It can run on DX 9, ostensibly, the graphics are of average quality yet CI games say a GeForce GT 650M is insufficient, even though said graphics card supports such new titles as Wolfenstein: The New Order. Furthemore some of their programming is sheer laziness with the SSAO by default set to what CryEngine itself specificzally says should only be used for consoles even though this is a PC port."
01010101011101010,Not Recommended,256190,10487795,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Skrzaaat,no players :\
76561198061254255,Not Recommended,256190,10493286,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Jizztron_the_Incorrigible,"In it's current state I do not recommend this game. It's a neat game, the graphics are good and I like the gameplay, but it's not optimized for♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can run Battlefield 4 on about medium/high graphics at around 50-60 fps at 1080p. At 1080p on the lowest graphics, I'm getting around 10 fps.Come on now. That's a little ridiculous."
78708472326341241,Not Recommended,256190,10475050,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Charles Darwin,This game while the Idea is good isn't worth purchasing for the multiplayer and the less than polished story
76561197982906513,Not Recommended,256190,10487629,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,jnr1236,This game really isn't very good.  It has the potential to be amazing but due to constant crashes even when using a top of the line gaming computer this game is not worth the money.
,Recommended,256190,23750008,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,arty1977,"For the sale-price, without many WW2 games these days, it was OK.Loved the look, hated the ending. ""Ending."""
,Not Recommended,256190,11734637,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,marino_Z,"I bought this game aching for a good old classic fps/ww2 shooter ; and boy did i get kicked in the balls hard when i tried it.First of all, it won't run in fullscreen on HD resolution for some reason ( problems with multiple monitor setup apparentely, but still no fix as we speak). The story and voice acting is really really bland. The controls are clunky , the frames/second are♥♥♥♥♥♥ You can't rebind some keys , the textures and models are♥♥♥♥♥♥I played through two missions and i uninstalled it.  Lesson learned. Don't buy♥♥♥♥♥♥just because it looks nice, especially when it doesn't look nice to begin with."
,Not Recommended,256190,24179359,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tarmi Rićmi | greenhunt.gg,crap
,Recommended,256190,11326744,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Maude,Delicous copy pasta!
,Not Recommended,256190,10501208,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,= RAD1C4L =,"Enemy Front is a World War II themed FPS video game released on June 10, 2014 for PC, Play Station 3, and Xbox 360.I must say that the single player is by far the better aspect of this game, meanwhile its Multiplayer is just beyond horrible with so much unbalanced gameplay mechanism and uninspired MP maps. I can only recommend this game for the SP which is the more tolerable part of this game to play on the PC. While the game does an OK job on the SP, it also shows its issues like sound glitches, random game crashes and it really demonstrates of being a not-so bad console port per say, but it is a shame of such wasted potential on this title while using Crytek's awesome CryEngine3 tech.Hopefully the devs of this title don't kill their game so soon like ending its support by patching the game with performance improvements and more gameplay improvements because I seen other Indie game devs having a smaller team doing a better job on releasing their content with fluid performance on PCs and great gameplay overall. So for now I can't recommend this game until this Dev team steps up their game by doing the right thing."
76561197971275416,Not Recommended,256190,10475226,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,SS_JCF_X,"The ""AI"" this game is very failure.Like any game that depicts the WW2, the Nazi army is always totally idiot. This is not true.The scenery is the very well done but the gameplay leaves something to be desired.Out loss of time is always be waiting with the same backdrop to exchange mission.I really regret having bought, would not recommend.++++++++++A  ""AI""  deste  jogo  é  muito  falha.Como todo   jogo  que retrata  a   2GM,  o exercito nazista sempre é totalmente idiota. Isso  não  é verdade.O cenario do  jogo é muito bem  feito  mas a  jogabilidade,  deixa a desejar.Fora a perda de tempo  que é ficar esperando sempre com a mesma tela de fundo a troca  de missão.Realmente  me  arrependi de ter comprado, não recomendo."
,Recommended,256190,26979301,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Heimskringla,In comparison to the many WWII games to play this will not match up. However this is a great reminder of the historical events in Poland and how it reclaimed itself from the ashes of Warsaw.
76561198141539589,Not Recommended,256190,30892395,Posted: 1 April,all,Perfidious_Pear,"A very weak shooter, with little going for it. The shooting is terrible and buggy, with many shots not registering on targets or issues with meshing.The graphics are very hit or miss for Cryengine, and only look decent on the French levels. Lighting is really weak and a lot of world textures look very dated.As a positive, the weapon selection is nice, as there are some rarer WW2 weapons that really don't get shown in other games, such as the Polish ones.The plot is very weak, and often hard to follow, with many flashbacks and cutscenes.Overall, I can't really recomend this game to anyone, even a WW2 fan like myself. I got this on sale for $5, so I wouldn't say I wasted my money, but I certainly could have spent it better. Avoid this game, even when on sale."
,Not Recommended,256190,10454460,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Nyumitoni,"It went five minutes without freezing, that's a new record!"
76561197977050391,Not Recommended,256190,18779137,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Komodo_Varan,"What ever you do in life, don´t buy this, not even for 5,99. Don´t get fooled by the image. The effects in this games is far worse then those in the original Call of Duty and to be honest, the graphics arn´t that much better either."
,Not Recommended,256190,10488173,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,[EQFL]Yuudachi,"This is easily the worst game I've spent my money on. The graphics are comparable to Halo CE meaning that they're outdated by at least 10 years, and the AI comparable to a ball placed at the top of a hill, in that it only does one thing from there. The battles and multiplayer are so small scale I'd reccommend having battles with plastic army men over this. I didn't play it long enough to get very far in the campaign so the storyline has potential, but what I saw of it lacked depth and immersion. This game is the worst I own out of all 288 in my Steam library and my physical library of console games. what's worse is that the reviews are full of bots that simply copy paste the same 4 or so positive reviews over and over again. Steam, if you love the community, remove this game so that nobody else has to go through the hell I went through."
,Recommended,256190,13891127,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Iron Dagger,"8/10Sabotage, sneak and fight behind enemy lines of Germany occupied Europe during World War II.While some elements may lack originality and optimization, the stunning environments and strategic gameplay make Enemy Front a rather fun experience. (Single-player review)POSITIVEFrance, Norway, Germany and Poland2 primary weapons + sidearmWWII shooter with CryEngineNEGATIVEno driveable vehicles"
,Not Recommended,256190,10432490,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,P5 Err0rC0deX,"I love the idea of a ww2 fps where your not playing as the US , Russia or Japan but rather as a small resistance force.To be honest, I was expecting a gameplay where u could stealthy avoid detection and have choices how, where and when to eleminate your enemys (Dishonerd, farcry etc but ofcourse these game have a price tag to match).I have played trough the first couple of single player missions and am really disapointed since the concept has huge potential but what is delivered is the go to a, go to b & blow things up kind of gameplay. No immersion or realism that captures you like u really are in the the resistance and risking your live with every move you make.As other also noted the ai has the iq of a rock at times but somethimes even when I have hidden myself on the top floor and shoot someone throught the head while planes fly over a random enemy on the courtyard 3 levels below has surpisingly heard not only my gun fire but also knows exactly where I am on the 3rd floor and he rushes in and immediatly calls all his buddies to join who immediatly also now your exact location making camping the door of the room your only option.I checked other reviews to see about the multiplayer part but nothing mentioned really made me excited to even try it.Played some more single player today and game started crashing for no reason and with no error report just enemy front .exe stopped working.At this point I give up on this game in its current state and hope that patches can make it more appealing and really create the vibe that the concept has.Even with the discount I do not consider this game worth the money.This game serves as a good example to prove that ""good"" graphics don't make a good game."
,Not Recommended,256190,14271789,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,x|D.FaTaL,Great graphics... but the AI is terrible.  Nazi soldiers just sit there and don't even fire whne you're in line of sight sometimes.  The sound is awesome as well.. very dumbed down Call of duty game w/ pretty eye candy.
76561198027547090,Not Recommended,256190,10423232,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,manyface,"Honestly they dont take advantage of the cryengine, the story is all over the place, the writing is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the ai is dumber than a sack of bricks"
76561198030026158,Recommended,256190,10467054,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Liminori,"This is a good game, but it really needs some patch work. I have lighting issues in single player, not game breaking but annoying. Multiplayer is fun, but there is no map rotation, no team balancing. It also seems like no matter what server you go to you have a bad connection. Even when hosting.Overall It is worth the price, but I hope they give it the support it needs to become a worth while game. I've been waiting for a good WW2 shooter for a while. Please don't give up on it CS studios. I want to like this game."
,Recommended,256190,10434217,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,The Chocolate Guy,"I have been waiting, like many of us for a historic FPS since world at war and many medal of honor games. Really tired of all the futuristic, made up stuff.I haven't played much but it is a really good game. AI is a lil weird but its AI. Have fun with it. Sure its a little buggy but it coukd be something if they actually care and not using it for money. For 23 dollars, its not bad. It does not crash on me. The guns are good but with some problems. i enjoy a good WW2 game. Even if it does remind me of sniper ghost warrior, a horrible game.This game is not a 10/10. it could be though, easily. Right now for me, i would give it a 7/10. Only becayse i havnt played long"
76561198136159462,Recommended,256190,10434556,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,valintinethompson59,i find this game quite  awesome  and i give it the thumbs up
,Recommended,256190,10433368,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Introvertgeek,"First impression 4 hours into single player campaign:Enemy Front is a fun game, though there are a few mildly annoying bugs - some objects are missing textures (fireplace, door), A.I. is not especially challenging, and (most important of all) the environment is -not- destructible (with a few exceptions). A big plus for not using quick-time events at all!Some replay value as you can either be stealthy or storm around shooting up everything, and you can manipulate certain objects to create traps (for example - in one level, you kill a group of enemies by dropping a bunch of treetrunks on their heads, and in another mission by rolling a truck into an enemy camp, and kiling them when the truck hits another truck and explodes).  You can also use an enemy soldier as a ""meat shield"", by holding him hostage at gunpoint while shooting his friends.Also included are some entertaining features usually seen in ""Sniper Elite"", such as bulletcam under certain circumstances (when sniping, for instance) and the whole ""shooting by cover of a loud noise so as not  to be discovered""-thing.The story and voice are also pretty decent, and the game certainly delivers in the ""nice graphics"" and ""ooh, shiny""-department. The controls feel a bit like ""Medal of Honor: Airborne"" to me. Not perfect, but close enough.Some people have reported performance issues, but I haven't encountered any (I run with all settings on highest on a mid-range gaming rig). The game has crashed once during the first four hours of gaming.Look, if you like WW2 FPS, you just might enjoy Enemy Front. I'm having a blast!(Note: I haven't tried multiplayer at all - MP is not really my thing.)"
76561197992438015,Not Recommended,256190,24038468,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,j0shman,"I tried this hoping for a good WW2 game given all of the current modern warfare rubbish.  Instead, all I got was one of the worst possible AI ive seen in a shooter, drab graphics and overall a fairly derivative experience.  Even at $3 on a steam sale, I think a coffee would give me far more enjoyment than this game."
,Not Recommended,256190,28136345,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,”-CoCo(☠)NuT-”,This game have so many bugs!!!! FIX IT!!!
76561198007313220,Recommended,256190,10956159,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,caroraim,"I guess most of the crappy reviews are due to lacking mp because the sp game is pretty decent. I dont know if its redefinig the genre, but it is a very solid ww2 sp fps. The campaign is cool, graphics are solid and it runs well for me. It is what I hoped it was...nice game!"
,Not Recommended,256190,24272755,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,DSOThorn,"I wanted to play it, it looked cool.  Apparently its not compatible with the GTX 660."
76561198017162085,Recommended,256190,29911877,Posted: 13 February,all,Samthesham,I think it's an ok game not great but worth around 15 bucks.
76561198132198705,Recommended,256190,31752771,Posted: 14 May,all,TheMasterViod,Loved the game have come back to play it many times my only complaint is that its too short other then that its a good game
,Recommended,256190,26288276,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,nicolò,"Really nice WW2 fps cryengine game. i really liked the gameplay, you can be ninja and sneaky or you can be like rambo, and the sniper gameplay also is very good. also loved the ww2 weapons."
76561197966923712,Not Recommended,256190,28633350,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Rumnahek,Pros:- Nice grapichs some timesCons:- Story- AI (really ruins the game imo)- Weapon sounds- Logic in puzzels (as in not very much)Score:1/10
,Recommended,256190,10618252,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,RUSKULL,"It's true Enemy Front doesn't offer a whole lot of new gameplay to WW2 FPS games, but that doesn't mean this isn't a whole lot of fun. For the price, you honestly get a hell of a fun, and really pretty game. It's also surprisingly free roam, so you can approach almost every level in any way you want. And a nice little addition is that the sniping is similar to the Sniper Elite series as it slows the action down to offer a dramatic viewpoint of your kill.The game uses the Cryengine, which really shows its chops even on a lower end PC. CI Games ditched the typical brown look of most FPS games in the last generation, and ops for a more natural aesthetic to the towns and countrysides of Europe... Well, as natural as you can get when everything's been bombed to♥♥♥♥♥♥Anyhow, one last thing I wanna mention (that I'm not sure anyone else will care about) is the physics. I don't know what it is, but I love watching the bodies react to the bullets, and especially explosions. Who knows, maybe they added a touch of Just Cause 2 to it, but whatever it is, killing Nazis has never been more fun!"
,Recommended,256190,11391132,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,tom23456,"Been playing this game for just over an hour now, but so far I love it! It reminds me alot of MoH Allied Assault, which to this day has the best D-Day mission of all time. Hope Enemy front continues to follow this trend!"
76561197980865321,Recommended,256190,10871360,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Shotgun,"This is a good time killer game, I think it was developed for the console because I had to turn the difficulty to the hardest level to have a challenge.  All of these console players that think they are good at FPS games should just support the PC realm and build rigs like the rest of us real gamers.  I like the story and the cut scenes, however, to get the challenge make sure to max the difficulty."
,Not Recommended,256190,21169632,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,i am moofin,"I quit playing when I destroyed a Panther with three molotovsno wonder the Germans didn't win.But seriously, after sitting through almost a minute (which feels like forever) of opening credits, getting killed by ghost explosions multiple times, and dealing with all the historical inaccuracies (which as a WW2 buff, is extremely annoying) I decided to just finish it quickly while listening to something else. It's a decent shooter, the mechanics are a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥ you'll shoot many people in the head and they won't die, you can't hold your breath with anything but a sniper rifle, and it steals many concepts from other games. The only thing original in this game is the fact that you're not in a country's military. I'd stay away from this one if you like WW2, but if you have some money and four-five hours to waste, pick it up."
,Recommended,256190,23934352,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,komraderice,This is a really good game that feels realistic every time you play it.
76561197971757327,Recommended,256190,10433560,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,RedSamovary,"Pros: Good looking WWII shooter - less scripted areas (you can choose stealth or direct assault) than other shooters - DX11 support - Some replayability - 30$ is a better deal than Wolfenstein - Many weapons to choose - Still fun to play.Cons: Console port with no saving options (only savepoints) - Poor storyline (an excuse to get into maquis and liberation resistance) - Level beautiful but a little drab (some areas are not well decorated feels empty) - AI below average - Ragdoll physics poor (feels like playing ""Brothers in arms 1"") - Mission a bit repetitive.A game with good potential but fails to deliver fully at the end. Still fun to play tough. I recommend it because they were no good WWII shooter since CODWAW and the price is acceptable. Even its not a open area (like they said) its a good effort of the team."
,Recommended,256190,10434992,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Salad_Shooter,By far one of the best World War Two video games that I've played!
,Not Recommended,256190,25441689,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,CLYDE FROG,"If you're an old school PC FPS gamer, don't get this.   It's a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port.The company who made this is so cheap that they didn't even bother including PC menu icons.  Press ENTER to continue!  Press X to continue!   It's a small feature, but when it comes to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console ports, that's a major red flag to me.I played it 6 seconds into the game I was behind a crate with a BAR shotting incoming waves of germans which all came from 3 spawnpoints.  I shot one mag, ducked down to reload, looked back up and saw one german standing behind another which was behind a crate shooting at me.  I could already tell that meant the AI was maybe even worse than Red Orchestra bots.  (great game, horrible bot AI lol).I won't ever attempt to play this crap again, no matter how bad I wish a new WW2 FPS came out."
,Recommended,256190,10430503,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,iMissTooMuch,"So far, what I've played is pretty good. The graphics are on par for any modern shooter, but nothing groundbreaking. The game feels like a WWII Call of Duty game, with more arcade esque gun mechanics. The stealth system gives you the ability to mask gunshots, which is kinda cool, because I don't see it in many games. I have yet to play the Multiplayer section of the game, so my experience is comepletely in Singleplayer. The story breaks the Allies vs Axis powers by putting you in the game as a resistance fighter, making the story fresh compared to many other WWII FPSs. Overall, It's worth the $24 I paid for it.Also, I did a little first look of the game, if you're interested:http://youtu.be/z86ieQojEs0"
,Recommended,256190,34071897,Posted: 6 August,all,ᴰᴱᴬᴰ,"such a good game, love it. little bit buggy, but i can enjoy every time when i play."
76561198123503823,Not Recommended,256190,26371440,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,dNe^^ cs.money,the game is very good but it has a very short single player... 2 hours single player and i didn't rush it :((
76561198113368675,Not Recommended,256190,10497023,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Andy,"This game has a lot of glitches...I play Wolfenstein: The New Order ten times better then this...oh well, the game overall is pretty decent. The multiplayer is eh..but I am really liking the story mode, it's pretty fun if you want to get a nice WWII feeling of nicer graphics, just hopefully it gets fixed I guess...idk but pick it up if you're a hard core WWII fan of video games!! If not I recommend just waiting when it goes on sale because honestly this game isn't worth more then 10 bucks unless you're a hard core WWII fan. The story is like 5 hours long so it's short so don't read the bs it says that it's 10 hour campaign because it's not."
,Not Recommended,256190,23371924,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Lukey70,"I would only pick this game up for less than 10 dollars. It is definitely not a ""good"" WW2 shooter by any means, but it can be entertaining if you like that genre. It takes about 7 hours to complete the campaign which has a mediocre story. Game mechanics and weaponry is typical, not great. So yes for under $10 if you like WW2 shooters and no if you don't."
76561198086946948,Recommended,256190,35096368,Posted: 20 September,all,Green Jacket,I did not like this game at frist but after a while I started to like it. At frist I though hit detection was very bad but it might have just been me missing barely. Overall a decent game that will last 5 hours the frist play though. If they made a second one I would proably buy it.ProsA setting that many games and movies do not a lot.Many guns in it are guns that are not comman in other WW2 games.Decant graphics and preforemed nicely.ConsWhen you fire singe shots with a full auto gun it sounds bad but sounds fine on full auto.Could be a few hours longer.Save checkpoints could be better.
76561197970933753,Recommended,256190,10490118,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,wG| sn0whusky,"I wished for a new ww2 game and this is surely not it. Feels like a console port, Campaign needs work feels like they have gone backwards for a truly modern fps they are advertising. I have yet to try the MP side but I will. The positive reviews is lacking I am sorry. Will we see support/patches or is this a finished product?Personally I would love to see a MMO ww2 with 2000 players in a server like planetside 2, this is the future of gaming imo...3/10"
,Recommended,256190,22746431,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Señor OreoBunz,"Hit a guy once and killed him, only to cause 5 others to be alerted. Proceeded to hit another one, only to be transported into a cabinet behind me. Only then to shoot the wooden doors off, causing the top portion to collapse and kill me.10/10 would melee again."
,Not Recommended,256190,23743358,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ButtZilla,"Don't waste your time with this game. Great scenary graphics and all but the game play is just so plain, so boring.......I was VERY disappointed! :("
76561198018782190,Not Recommended,256190,25193319,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,jdev_home,unable to replay game in windows?
,Recommended,256190,35198754,Posted: 25 September,all,Metal,I enjoy it
76561198067243464,Recommended,256190,10423666,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Bravados,"About 3 quarters through the main storyline and played a couple multiplayer matches. What I can say so far is that I love the singleplayer, even though the AI isn't the smartest it still feels good to be a ""resistance"" against a larger power. With multiplayer, I say it still needs improvment. I don't like the fact that you can instantly use all the weapons, but hey, still worth the $30"
76561197986861918,Not Recommended,256190,14611923,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,TooBad,"No. It's bad. really bad. bad game. no, I said no. NO!Broken in so many ways, AI is probably the worst part, closely followed by the stealt and shooting mechanics. Enemies spawn in strange ways and sometimes right in front of you. Looks allright, not gorgeus as some people describe but definetly decent. could have been good, I dont mind linear games and this is definetly that, but the story needs a rework, big time.Raged out on it after a bit. said a thousand noes and deleted local content. need a good WWII game? get yourself CoD2. thats still miles ahead of this. Or redorchestra. way better.Nopey nope nope nope. no."
76561198095098666,Recommended,256190,12578866,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,beforeiawake92,Great game has a good story to it also has some ideas that I've play in other games.
76561197970369426,Recommended,256190,12676402,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,[TNC] Marv,"OUTSTANDING graphics, great play, good story."
76561198043592345,Recommended,256190,10426047,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,TripleSuccotash,"Just a tip to people who SLI, this game's current build does not support that: well the game ""runs"" but with no framerate increase, failure to render certain textures and even entire buildings along with the majority of character models, not just at distance but even when I'm inside the invisible building, trying to shoot the mostly invisible enemy. Its a fun game if you like the Sniper Ghost Warrior series, but with MoH Gamecube graphic style cutscenes. Just remember to turn SLI - OFF."
,Not Recommended,256190,18209920,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,maxstep,"Truly dreadful game. Horrible graphics despite using cryengine3, dumb AI, bad level design."
76561198097723708,Recommended,256190,12748518,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Boris The Soviet Love Hammer,fun game for stealth and run and gun gameplay
76561198045524846,Recommended,256190,10435186,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,✪☜I-Yam-King☞ ︻デ┳═ー™,great game! love it
76561198033459040,Recommended,256190,12950099,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,nicko2u,"No a bad game, Some good levels. Decent graphics."
,Recommended,256190,10438453,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Shara,"Review for Enemy Front, dated 6/12/2014Edit: No idea why my hours aren't showing up. I've gotten about 4-5 hours inEnemy Front is a well-polished game for 30$. It has its faults, clearly, as almost all new relases do, but that shouldn't hold you back. I'll detail out the pros and cons, plus what I've read on the forums. As well, yes, another game where you don't fight as the Germans. But interestingly enough; It's for the Polish Resistance. Now, moving on:Single player pros:Solid story from what I've read.Fighting for the resistance.Fun gameplay.A variety of weapons to use.Single player cons: (Note, this is where I encountered bugs.)Invisble enemies (At times.)Somewhat poor AI. I was able to continually mow down enemies with a machine gun because they kept running into my sets begging to be shot.Hitboxes seemed 'off'. I say this because there were several times I shot a German in the head and he just kept coming.Audio. Not sure if this applies to anyone else but there were times the audio wouldn't finish. A line would start, then cut off.Multiplayer pros:Fun maps, which provide several ways to kill your enemies. I had fun leaping through doors with a bazooka and blasting anyone inside.Player model choice. (Note: I only played deathmatch.)Great ambience, no cut-off issues like in single player. (Possibly due to the fact no one said anything.)Weapons are decent, even if a few aren't quite up-to-par.Multiplayer cons:In the very first game I played, someone was glitching and had gotten out of the map. No idea how he did it. (Happened on Tram Station or whatever the map is called.)Hitboxes were off, again.The Trench Gun isn't as powerful as it should be. (I shot a guy point-blank with it several times, and he didn't die. This may have been hitboxes, but still.)All in all, I give the game a solid 7/10. Multiplayer is fun but buggy, single player is okay but has potential. What do you expect? It's a great game anyway for 30$.Now, for the section of what I've read on the forums. I've been reading that people crash to desktop instantly, others can't get into single player after a cutscene, other people have no sound, and that there's framerate issues and poor optimization. For these people, I pity you. However, for anyone reading this review, I recommend you go to the forums and look through before making a solid conclusion about if you'd like this game or not. Hopefully there will be future patches that address the issues people have on the forums, because they're missing a good game.Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,256190,10456137,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,✠♞_Ulysses_♘✠,"This game has some good and some bad going for it as I can tell so far. Now, for me personally the pros outweigh the cons. I have seen in other reviews that there are reports of a lot of bugs and glitches, but I can't say I have experienced the same. Only one very minor bug, that was more amusing than anything. I have not played the multiplayer yet, however that is not why I bought this game. My suggestion is if you're looking for an online WWII shooter experience, you're probably not going to find it here, at least for the time being. That being said, the singleplayer is quite fun. Granted, the game is not as open as promised, but I think that has been stated enough by others.Visually the game is eye candy, and the models for most characters are well done. The audio is much the same, plus the sounds of the weapons are very nice, and so are the voices of the Germans. However, the voice acting of one of the main characters, who is a resistance fighter, is a little ""off"". I find myself wondering just what accent he is supposed to have, which wouldn't be too much of an issue normally, but I find myself distracted from his dialogue.My bottom line is that, if you're looking for ""the next revolutionary fps"" you're not going to find it here. However, if you're looking for a fun WWII singleplayer experience it is well worth the buy. I have had a blast playing the single player so far, and I will certainly come back to it. I have a passon for WWII games, and if you do too it's definitely worth a playthrough.(Also kind of random, but it also has my favorite game mechanic from Far Cry 3, ""the rock throw"". I'm not going to lie, I do try to hit the enemy soldiers with it. :P)"
76561198032621738,Recommended,256190,32837271,Posted: 26 June,all,^4Sons ^3Of ^1Odin,Love IT<3
,Recommended,256190,33950763,Posted: 1 August,all,ReiAyanami aka LUNA 🐾,Powstanie Warszawskie 01.08.1944. Cześć i Chwała Bohaterom !!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T0bnvcbLGwhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrqXyI9xq-4https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTIUAVAXoqAhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warsaw_Uprising
,Recommended,256190,10462845,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,DaddyJoker,"You can tell that a lot of hard work went into this game. This WWII shooter is refreshing to play and very pretty to look at. As a student of WWII, I also like the fact that the game is set with the Polish resistance, something rarely, if ever touched on in previous shooters. The graphics are as demanding on your video card as you'd like to make it, but also offers a legitimate range of performance based settings. Here are some other great aspects to the game:1. Easy GUI for gameplay and settings.2. Escapable cutscenes.3. AI is moderately intelligent.4. Environment is destructible.5. Weapons are neatly made, (particularly the Welrod) with awesome sound effects.6. Sniper usage comes with killcam, but not overwhelmingly so. (Very similar to Sniper Warrior 1,2.)7. Somewhat linear based progression; however, nice secondary missions popup on the side.8. Plausible, and somewhat interesting storyline.I will also say that the game is far more stable than the initial release of any Call of Duty game, and I have played all PC versions of that since the original franchise release over 10 years ago. (Just sayin...)For World War II fans, this game is a great buy. If you want to experience some advanced, arcade shooter gaming in the WWII shooter genre, why not Enemy Front?I'm looking forward to watching this game grow. It's a lot of fun! Thanks for an original entry in the WWII genre.Good work devs."
76561197985000139,Not Recommended,256190,14254317,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Red,"I want to like this game, but there is something so wrong about the movement - it feels like you are sliding around on skates as you move.  I find it so irritating that I can't recommend it."
76561197980372335,Recommended,256190,17253402,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Francis,Nothing amazing but it is a desent shooter with some steath elements.
,Not Recommended,256190,10987775,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ARMaster,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love WWII FPS games, but what I don't like about them is being broken as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Enemy Front is one of those games where it wants to be better than CoD (which I totally understand), but the game performs negatively on what it's trying to have you do. I have not bothered finishing the game since it has so many damn issues I can't handle it anymore so I'm just gonna go ahead and get on with the review.Since this game is running on the CryEngine 3 I'm going to say that the game is not optimized at all. When I looked at it's minimum requirements I was thinking oh this game should run perfectly fine on my system I mean♥♥♥♥♥♥it looks good...nope. I barely get 45 - 60 in the game on med - high settings and I know which part of the settings are gonna be the FPS hogs in the game. When lots of explosions and effects happen it drops down to about 20 - 30...good lord. Now I know I can play Crysis n all just fine with the engine, but when this doesn't thats poop optimization. Another thing is the graphics don't even look that good either, but I can care less about that tho. Oh and they really ♥♥♥♥ed up on DX9 mode. DX11 may be sorta poopy, but switching to DX9 for me made it even worse. My game was corrupted as crap until I switched back to DX11 so I'm forced to play the game properly on DX11. Terrible!The AI are slow as crap. I can just pass right by and the meter wouldn't go that fast. Another thing is I played this on the hardest difficulty and they sometimes shoot like Stormtroopers and the amount of damage I take feels like I was playing on Easy this whole time. I kinda feel like I'm playing Far Cry 3 when I'm tryin to screw with the enemy AI, but in a broken way. It's safe to say that the AI in the game are semi-braindead, though not as braindead as the Wolfenstein TNO AI.With a lot of flaws that were overlooked in this game there are some things I liked about it. I actually like that they give you open-ended levels where you can either go loud or stealth through (I'll get to the stealthing topic in a few.) The game doesn't have you wait for a certain interactive cutscene to slow you down like CoD and having mapping that is completely linear and will not give a choice on how you want to go through. I hate when modern FPS becomes so linear you have to wait for something to happen, have your team AI move on first and you last, and force you to go loud or stealth w/o giving you a choice. This game let's you perform how you want to progress through and that's something I like. I also like the weapons in the game too. I love the way they work and sound like MP40. The MP40 in the game is like a real MP40. Only problem with the weapons is that they are like pea shooters. I try to get a head shot and sadly it takes 2 hits in the head to count as a headshot...wtf game...wtf. Another thing is using a molotov is very...damn...slow.Speaking of weapons and choices let's talk about the stealthing. I dislike the stealth mechanic. I think the stealthing is completely pointless. Some of you think it's fine, but to me it's just a joke. When it comes to stealthing it sometimes may work or sometimes it doesn't. Another thing that really pisses me off is that silent weapons are like rare to find in the game making it a bit difficult to stealth. When you sneak behind an enemy and perform an silent attack the kill is super damn slow. What I like to do instead is just take one of them as a hostage, move them somewhere where I can;t be spotted, and kill the nazi. Rock throwing is pretty useless the nazis are freaking deaf.The story is bland the the objectives are weak. The game is just throwing random♥♥♥♥♥♥at ya sometimes and due to it's flaws n all it can sometimes make the game tough to get through. The story is boring and the characters are not interesting at all. Voice acting is pretty crap and whole bunch of bull honky. I haven't completed the game because of it's crappyness so I'm just gonna move on.Overall the game looks good n all, but it has lots and lots and lots and lots and LOTS of problems and I cannot play through this game anymore. I realized it really was a waste of money and my time and I still feel guilty for refunding my Sniper Elite III pre-order just for the TF2 Love & War Update.3/10! I like what it is trying to be, but it has failed to perform correctly as this game is unoptimized, buggy, and boring with it's story and objectives. I also heard that the multiplayer is awful and dead. If you guys want to try this because you really love WWII FPS then wait for it to go on sale or maybe get Sniper Elite III, Red Orchestra II/Rising Storm, Wolfenstein, or the classic Call of Duty 2. Maybe don't bother with this one at all."
,Recommended,256190,26449676,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,"Fuck you, leatherman.","Do you remember when video games were supposed to be fun before they were all about trying to break boundaries with stories and characters in order to change the world for the better or some hippie♥♥♥♥♥♥like that? Do you remember when war films was just one guy with a big gun going into a room and killing a whole assload of Nazis?Welcome back, Enemy Front is exactly that."
,Not Recommended,256190,22816778,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Barricadas,"With these kind of games the important matter is not if the money you spent for the game is worth it but it's if it is worth the time you spent playing the game and for me, those four hours to complete the game was not worth my time even though I grabbed this game for 2$. Only recommended if you feel like you have to play every WW2 FPS like me."
,Not Recommended,256190,23518203,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,marselo_io_off,"Not bad game but with awful optimization (played on AMD, 15-20 fps) and many stupid episodes (defense hospital - i burned).Typical shooter from Poland. 5/10. Not recommend.Refresh. 3/10."
76561198058426322,Not Recommended,256190,13825533,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,HeavyHammer,"ctrl +alt + delete : the only way i can get this game to load after hitting ""continue"" in the menu and even then if i can get it to start it runs like a tarded spaz :(I would realy like to get into this game but its just not happening."
76561198006720449,Not Recommended,256190,25822107,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,CAB89,"Had potential but failed in so many ways!Bad storyline and writing, so many glitches and historical inaccuracies to handle! Especially with the price tag it's just not worth it. You will just find yourself trying to rush through to finish it simply because you paid money for it, not because you enjoy it."
,Recommended,256190,10432402,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,VENOM007,"so i have 6 hours on record of playing, both a little MP and SPlets starts with multi player.i actually enjoyed it - reminds me of old skool shoot em up. i found the hit detection to be good.but limited to only 4 maps is abit disapointing. i noticed a DLC menu in the game which suggests new maps will be added.the graphics are not on par with SP. players expreince bad pings, but i myself have never had lag on multi player.there is a good choice of weapons to loadout, and everythings unlocked from go.overall - i think imo MP of enemy front is a fun run and gun game, yes there is campers, i was one of them. when i loaded out with a scoped K98, its pretty fun snipering each other from one end of map to the other. and fun enough to keep you enjoying jogging around with a tommy or tench gun and blasting away.  theres nothing really new added to enemy front MP that we havent already seen but it is fun.Single player - i'll first start with it does have bugs, for example i switched my pistol to sniper rifle and there was floating hands holding a pistol and when i pressed reload the floating hands reloaded the pistol. it was funny to watch but it is a bug. another bug i encounted was the sky wasnt rendering correctly and i had to kill game and restart. the graphics are nice, textures are decent enough. its just really nice to look at, there a multiply routes on some levels to gain your objetive.take whatever route you like, you will always end up at the same objetive. but it is fun. the enmey AI can be compared to Lioyd from dumb and dumber. i shoot nazi another nazi will take up his place where he just died. they seem to follow a set route that was coded into them, when i use silenced weapons they didnt notice that one of their men had been killed, so thats good.i would recommed this game. but please beware it has bugs, but its a hell of a lot of fun in SP and MP is ok but some players are complaining of lag and connection issues.i have enjoyed it so far and hopefuly devs will patch issues."
76561197967245932,Recommended,256190,10456917,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Raxxa,great game but SP is very easy and AI is a bit stypid.
76561197970702961,Recommended,256190,10456084,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,{DHC} HaDiNuFF,Brings back the good ol'days
76561197989079885,Recommended,256190,10439119,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Der Alkoholiker,"I liked the game, but honestly the story was a bit thin and there was a lack of character development. Don't get me wrong, the environment was beautifully rendered and forward combat was intense, but the sneaking could stand to be redesigned. The levels give you the option of being sneaky, but the overly sensitive enemies hardly allow room for that. The campaign could have been a tad longer - particularly with the DLC, which is only one 5-10min mission. I was also disappointed to see the same weapons over and over again. These are things that can be patched - overall I enjoyed the game, but wouldn't pay full price for it. 6.5/10 from me"
76561198007511201,Not Recommended,256190,14395950,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Daz680,"Erm, so far....truthfully....not enjoying it. I will however give it the benefit of the doubt and spend some more time on it though."
,Recommended,256190,33039881,Posted: 30 June,all,UnderMan,Good Game
,Recommended,256190,30337407,Posted: 5 March,all,Sparawice,"Amazing sounds, graphic looks good, but there are so many problems in the game.The reason why i rated the game positively is the price at which i took it"
,Recommended,256190,10462791,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Daksou,"This game is very fun. I'm going to go over a few problems a lot of whiney games have with this game.Singleplayer: The AI is dumb. yes this is true even on expert so as for a singleplayer game, enjoy it while it lasts and get what you can out of it, but I bought this for multiplayer so this isn't an issue for me.Everyone says they get low FPS. Thats because they try to run ultra settings on DIRECT X 11 with a 280gtx. Not going to work. Either upgrade your computers or turn off DIRECT X 11 and switch to DIRECT X 9. I honestly saw very little difference in terms of graphic quality with the two, except I got a huge FPS gain by switching to 9. So for all you morons out there, turn your damn shader quality down.Mutliplayer: There are dedicated servers, this isnt a cod style matchmaking system. The only thing I don't like is the server size is a little small. If they increase it to like a 10v10 or more that would be amazing! Along with some bigger maps. I've had no issue with FPS or lag or HITBOXES like all these other people are talking about, maybe they should stop playing from cambodia and upgrade their internet. Hitboxes in this game register VERY well. I was online just blasting kids all day long especially with their loud romper stomper feet. I don't think people understand this is slightly more of a stealthy shooter, not COD run and gun.The game is fun, its got a lot of multiplayer value and future potential. I'm excited to see what else they add in the future. Great WW2 stealth shooter. Don't buy it if you want a super refined polished game with thousands of features. The games small and so is the price, no complaints."
,Recommended,256190,10484088,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Gizmo,"Ok first off let me start with saying, that I loved the trailer. Its what caught my eye. Out of the gate I decided to multiplayer first. The bad news for MP at this moment, not that many servers (could be not that many playing the game Death match worked. But Team Death Match I could not get to work.), second bad thing for MP is not being able to join them. Bad connection probs or something. But once you get in, a whole new can of WHUP♥♥♥♥♥is greeted. Small in size the maps seem, but lots of places to quickly set fast hit and run ambushes. First time, I had to get used to the style, and then second round, I ruled the leader board.Secondly, I decided to give the Campaign/Story Mode a run at. I loved the visual opening, And then the nice little lead in, to the point where you actually take control. The graphics are nicely done. Controls feel great. Loved using the plane fly by sounds to mask my shots. Even stealth killing was good (have yet to try the hostage taking bit, but I am sure I will). Was not aware of secondary objective(s), as my first mission told me I missed the secondary (would have been nice to know of them at the start). I love the distraction part of the game. Helped me out in a few tight spots. The only downer part for me so far, is that the game locked up on me as I was moving into a break in a wall of a building that lead what looked like a tunnel.Beyond that. I would recommend this game to anyone that likes a slow but not to slow paced of a FPS. There are times where the action does get hot and heavy from what I have seen so far (have yet to complete the game). But if your into some old school weapons and the feel of WW2. Then this may tempt your taste buds.On a scale of 1-10.I rate this about 8.5 over all. A good experiance... But could use a bit more tinkering. And I am sure it woudl be that much better."
76561198011134963,Recommended,256190,19865430,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,POINT MAN,"This is a CI games title, expect three things with all their games: good graphics, solid gameplay and some degree of jank. for me the level of jank is relatively low this time around. The title runs smoothly and no texure stretching (EX: Sniper Ghost Warrior). The janky parts for me are some of the animations being to stiff and the story being to jarring and complex to follow.In summary, solid purchase at a discount"
76561198042898232,Not Recommended,256190,19894669,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,FIESTA POTATOES FROM TACO BELL,"This game is ♥♥♥♥in' horrible. The graphics are fantastic but the voice movement is garbage, the gun sounds dont play audio when you single fire them, and the hitboxes are♥♥♥♥♥♥ I regret even getting this game for $5. DONT BUY THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥!!"
,Not Recommended,256190,10511001,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Tequila Dom,Very pretty but the AI is pretty dull. Pass on this and get MOH Airborn
76561198116321049,Not Recommended,256190,10480404,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,david71.spence,Terrible game play feels like controls are under water no mater what setting are changed
76561198023455972,Not Recommended,256190,10479209,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,tearly2,"This game makes me furious. I want something to redeem this game in my eyes but I cant find it. the stealth parts make the game unplayable. the distraction mechanic has only worked once in my entire six hours. There was either no beta testing, The beta testers never played a game in their life, Or the company didn't listen to their beta testers and wen't ahead with their game (Which I strongly suspect). The premise of this game is solid, which makes me angry that it was wasted on this game. All and all this game makes me more annoyed than entertained."
,Not Recommended,256190,22735358,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,3lijah,Bought this game for $5 on sale...Wasn't even worth that.  I have played about 11 minutes and over that small period of time I have crashed three times (One time corrupted my display driver and I had to reinstall it)!
76561198295876631,Recommended,256190,29555223,Posted: 28 January,all,老三,it is nice
,Not Recommended,256190,13658370,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Draych,"Pros:-Great and inovating stealth experience-A close view of the history of the resistence during de WW2-Clothes and Weapons full of details, causing a great sensation of immersion-Good scenarios and beautiful townsCons:-Cryengine-Buggy as hell (Cryengine fault most probably)-Tried to do the same♥♥♥♥♥♥that Sniper: Ghost Warrior 2 ® made with that stupid logic of RPWI (Red Point Wind Indicator) that with the effects of the wind, the route of the bullets shall change, even having no effect on Enemy Front (not complaying of this logic on Ghost Warrior ®, im just saying that there is no logic putting this on the game if that wont do a diference) guess what? Sniper: Ghost Warrior ® it's also powered by Cryengine, what a big ♥♥♥♥ing coincidence-Stealth sometimes ♥♥♥♥ up everything because the enemy inteligence is over 8.000-Muzzle flash looks like a spent lighter-shot effects of all shooting weapons looks like a explosion of stupid red stuck sawblades (no, you didnt readed wrong, looks like a festival of stucked chaisaws)  Ghost Warrior 2 has the same effect, and guess what, uses Cryengine-when a enemy tries do execute you, you have the a option to counter, and that is pressing V, no, it doesn't change, is the same ♥♥♥♥ing button, and you have kind of 10s to press it it could be more challenging if the buttom change randomly and the time gets short""OOOOH MY GOSHSSSH WHY DOED THE CRYENGINE IS THAT SO BAD? IT'S A ILLUMINATTI GOVERNMENT PROJECT TO MAKE WE BUY GAMES THAT--""No, no, no and no let me explainCryengine is used by a large group of game develpers because the huge transformation of the graphics in the map except Ghos- ""AW SHUT UP STOP TALKING THAT STUPID GAME U LIL♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; im just saying that the graphics on Gh-, well it is a sheetThat huge giant ♥♥♥♥ing your dad♥♥♥♥♥♥makes every games get buggy, well, that proof that graphics isn't everything, right?""well go play minecraft then you little maggot♥♥♥♥♥♥sucker""Ps: If you coment anything like the phrase above you are signing your contract that guarantee to everybody that you have at max 9 years old and never sawed a PS1 beside on googleIf there it was a third option on game analyses ""neutral"" i would vote, i hope that someday steam do a update on this, but today my vote is no.Thanks everybody, feel free to call me a♥♥♥♥♥on the comments below."
,Not Recommended,256190,32887058,Posted: 27 June,all,Sinterklaas,"The minimum sensitivity for this game is really high, which makes it totally unplayable for me.There are also unskippable cutscenes every time you start the gameStay well away from this game."
,Recommended,256190,25046064,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,haRT3r,Best WW2 shooter ever. 10/10
76561198037981016,Not Recommended,256190,17142749,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Stable Goat,"Meh, im going to make this very short. 1. Storyline same old♥♥♥♥♥♥with an American 2.They trie to make it ""Awsome"" and give it that wow fealing, it did not ♥♥♥♥ing work. 3. The sounds im not even going to explain, it just feels empty. 4. If you are an Norwegian like me DO NOT BUY THE GAME FOR THE NORWAY MISSION, it was ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ And the ending is♥♥♥♥♥♥aswell. Good if you are bored.The good parts is........ uhm grapichs are desent. And like 3 tmes you can choose what you want to do for example being a sniper or blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥ut. Wait for a better game, the multiplayer is dead to the max and the missions are just Sniper elite if you ask me. And the price is not worth 5.9 hours of missions with cutseans #spelling"
,Recommended,256190,18748029,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Gyzi,Red Orchestra 2 + Better Graphics = Enemy Front7.25/10 to much water
76561197979086508,Not Recommended,256190,11513455,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Mermy,"Shallow storyline, poor gameplay mechanics, many bugs.This is without a doubt the least entertaining WWII shooter I've ever experienced.Extremely repetative gameplay; pick up your gun, point and shoot towards the Nazis. Poor dialogue and the AI works in mysterious ways.The only positive aspect about the game is pretty scenery and good visuals in general."
76561198119528816,Recommended,256190,23422948,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,☭Aníbal Mílhaís☭,persoanlly very basic but was fun for the most part i refunded it but get it  see if you like it
76561197968606520,Not Recommended,256190,13612520,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Rayner,SUPER OLD GRAPHICS. good if less than $5 . ai no good . missions rubbish
76561197990539359,Recommended,256190,18781571,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,gscualo,"The game is working great. It has beutiful graphics, and an interesting story and gameplay as wll so far."
,Recommended,256190,18162766,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Predator,Not BAD
76561198005735469,Not Recommended,256190,24495627,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Jade,"It is a fuctioning game...Terrible story, random war writer that randomly goes from place to place. They never explain how he got there. it feels EXTREMELY forced. Painfully slow.There is no climax to the story to important scenes to walk away with. Feel like i never played the game and i beat it.you dont get to pick your weapons and keep them. they will give you something new every time you go to a new map.Its not open world in the slightest.Railway shooter, No good story, Terrbile AI, Boreing waste of time.5/10"
76561198050765470,Not Recommended,256190,14444493,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,laverock1 yussel weiss,"IT""S  A INTRESTING CONCEPT ONE WHICH HAS NOT BEEN DONE BEFORE TO THE BEST OF MY KNOWALGE THE GRAPHECS ARE NOT SNIPER 3 QUALITY BUT IT""NOT THE SAME COST EATHER  I""SAY IT""S JUST O K  IT COULD HAVE BEEN DONE BETTER YOU HAVE TO JUDGE FOR YOUR SELFE BY THE TRAILER AND PRICE FOR YOUR SELFE  HAPPY GAMEING"
,Recommended,256190,10433636,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,TheyCallMeDan,"What can I say about Enemy Front? Well...The game is completely in the middle for me. I've played many FPS' for XB360 and PC, but no where have I ever witnessed such a mixture of good and bad in a game like this! While today's game dev's are splitting hairs and using every synonym known to man for words like ""Modern"" ""Advance"" ""Battlefield"" ""Duty"", etc. trying to differentiate their newest FPS from it's previous iteration, Enemy Front takes us back to the tried & true era of shooters that we know and love, but..does it stand up to what's out there already? Mmm..maybeAs ironic as it is to say this, going back to WWII is a breath of fresh air. The irony being that games like Cod4 set into motion genre paradigm shift away from WWII to Modern Day. Inevietably though, beating up Russian ultranationalists, terrorists, and zombies has fallen out of style. Where do we go from here? Enemy Front attempts to take us back to the glory days of FPS's where classic titles like Medal of Honor and CoD2 has us romping all across Nazi-occupied Europe & Africa to kick the Third Reich's teeth in. THIS they do well. Whether its the sights, sounds, uniforms, the Band of Brothers-esqe score, visually breathtaking setpieces, explosive barrels, old-timey weapons, ALL OF IT! They get your nostalgic pavlov going hard.If this game was released in, oh say, 2008 I would have been all over this, but...it isn't, it's 2014. And E3 is going on right now and we're witnessing demos for games like 1886: The Order and Dragon Age: Inquisition. Those are hardcore next gen. When you look to this game, even if it runs at a silky smooth 60fps on the CryEngine, it still can't hold up to later-gen graphics titles like Titanfall or Black Ops2. I say this not because I'm a graphics addict, but because I feel that there is an understood standard of visuals and game design quality that moves along each year. After playing a few hours of Enemy Front I can't help but feel that this game may be suffering from the Duke Nukem effect, that is, being stuck in development hell for several years. There's a lot of great ideas and potential to be had, but it feels rushed and half-finished.The epitome of WWII games, for me, was World at War. I was hoping that Enemy Front would match or up-one the thrill I had with that game. Instead what we have is a 'great' single player experience with 'good' graphics, BUT a tacked-on multiplayer that feels barebones and empty w/o perks, player chat interaction, lack of game modes, no music, and spawn traps GALORE! However, you can't just go all CoD slap happy and kill people, if you want to win you gotta stay alive! This means playing conservatively (slow and smart) like in Battlefield. At least in Battlefield when you go down, you get a chance to get rez'd by your teammates, but in Enemy Front you go down QUICKLY and spawn almost immediately! So you're more or less kamikazing yourself like in CoD. I don't know if I'm alone in saying this, but I feel like they place you in maps that encourage smart planning and tactics, but then give you the life-bar of a puppy and instantly get you back into action just to die again.Pros:+Compelling story+Great visuals & levels+WWII action that we all know and loveCons:-Empty levels (w/o substance)-Stupid A.I.-Lack of progression-Barebones multiplayerFor a $22 price tag I'd say, yeah, go ahead and get the game. If you're a WWII junkie and LOVE this stuff then you should definitely grab it. If you're more into big battles and competitive multiplayer stick to CoD and Battlefield. This game gets my rating of 6/10."
76561198041310278,Not Recommended,256190,14521123,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,4602,It simply does't work!
,Recommended,256190,11513930,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Sgt.Knox,its ok not worth 30 bumer
,Recommended,256190,11385451,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, it is fun... but tbh I had more fun with Brother In Arms: Hell's Highway and Medal of Honor: Airborne. Call of Duty 5 also gets an honorable mention since it too was fun, I'd say on par with Enemy Front. The multiplayer community is non-exsistent much like MOH: Airborne's was... but the singleplayer is the main part of the game anyways, and it does well in that regard. Graphics on Cryengine 3 is great on this game, but they're not system-breaking like Crytek's shooters but that's fine by me since it's still an extremely appealing game to look at. Gun sounds are on par with BIA Hell's Highway but the levels are a bit claustrophobic much like MOH: Airborne. For the price of $30 on release? I'd say maybe wait until a price drop to $20. :)"
76561198007460041,Not Recommended,256190,19971874,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,CastigoDiVino,"Bought it for 5€. It's not even worth that. Graphics are cool in the photos, but in game are mediocre. At UHD 4K with all settings at max on two 780TIs it still looks... poor... The realism is low, control interaction is bad.Just don't, really. Not worthed. Too bad, it was a really nice idea."
76561197969157443,Recommended,256190,10438807,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,xxx1703,"6.5/10Pluses:+ graphics+ touches a new topic in the history of ww2+ they clearly put a lot of work to fight the linearity. There are a lot of optional objectives, alternative routes, unique ways to kill and moments when you're given a choice whether to do A or B. Good job.Minuses:- movement and gun feel- AI- stealth mechanics (a spot direction indicator and better AI would be good to begin with)- game does not promote stealth enough (it's easier and faster to just rush, even on the toughest difficulty)- tasks in singleplayer can be repetitive (""Germans pushed through in the back of the church, kill them... Oh no, the Germans pushed through the front of the church... Push them back..."". Oh, cmon, you can do better than this)- a few glitchesIt's worth mentioning that the same bad things hold for their previous games. They need to put more work into these aspects.I also haven't tried the multiplayer yet.Overall a quite decent shooter with a fresh and rich storyline."
,Not Recommended,256190,33044350,Posted: 30 June,all,G.I.*JOE,the game crashes to much!!
,Recommended,256190,33091447,Posted: 1 July,all,Katrol Garang,A Single Journalist Can Wipe Out Elite Nazi Soilders8/10
,Recommended,256190,34228954,Posted: 13 August,all,Emprepper Pepperteam,"One of the best WWII shooters I've ever played. I will play through this again. Locations are great, multiplayer is exhilirating."
76561198064977638,Not Recommended,256190,22739662,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Yawiyahoo,crashed 3 times at first cut scene. Sound static and glitchy to the point of unplayable. Dropped settings back. Should run well on 980 ti Strix card. Avoid.
,Not Recommended,256190,33367864,Posted: 8 July,all,Sound,"The A.I is so ♥♥♥♥ing bad,the animations are below Mass Effect Andromeda level,the guns sound like bb guns,level design is not that good and you get wrapped up in the story. Don't buy it at 30$,wait for a sale,i bought it for 3$."
,Recommended,256190,24103373,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jiang Ziya,"Bought it on Steam Summer Sale 2016, played for 13 minutes. It is really very mediocre game, very budget game yet maybe one of the most effort-made to date by City Interactive. The graphics maybe good (although in my case, it is ugly because of my old rig), the gameplay is like old Medal of Honor pre-modern era. The sound is also mediocre. I bought this game solely because it was 90% off (the highest discount for this game yet) and want to check whether this game is really that bad or not. If you have good rig and have a love for WWII stuff, it might be a decent title but ONLY purchase this game on sale and not full price.Why I recommend it, because it is good for a developer nowadays makes a WWII game again after the market being flooded by futuristic theme one."
,Not Recommended,256190,31569371,Posted: 5 May,all,|LOD|H8MyBoss*,"Well, at first, I thought this game was great.  I am revising my review to negative.  Game is now crashing, and I have a brand new PC, every other game runs perfectly on max settings.  Also, some secondary objectives are IMPOSSIBLE to accomplish.Complete trash, unistalling and getting a refund."
76561198001234825,Recommended,256190,20947895,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Jyrka,This game is meant for stealthy approach i just killed everybody̿ ̿'̿'\̵͇̿̿\з=(•_•)=ε/̵͇̿̿/'̿'̿ ̿Rating: I am sorry•_•)( •_•)>⌐■-■(⌐■_■)almost
76561198102425699,Recommended,256190,35080564,Posted: 20 September,all,PC Machine Broke,its ok
76561198137570920,Recommended,256190,10625980,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,LUCK BA,THE REAL WW2 EXP
,Recommended,256190,10648343,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Phantomscm,great fps alot like the old school meadle of honor games
76561198287170296,Recommended,256190,26022636,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,alfifannas76,My spec can't play this game help
,Not Recommended,256190,25374666,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Gordon Freeman,"The plot sucks, the graphics suck and are clunky, the AI sucks, the PLOT SUCKS, the ending blows and doesn't even make sense it was just abrupt, and it is a big waste of time. Had so much potential to be a good WWII game, but it failed miserably. The main character is a joke. Do NOT waste your money."
,Recommended,256190,13572351,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,emacuck,"Very, very fun to play!Great graphics, great gameplay, great story, great everything!"
76561197970055612,Not Recommended,256190,11457062,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,CumFilledFrog,This game is horrible and it's absolutely disgusting that they released it in the state it's in just to leech peoples money. Once upon a time you were actually required to provide a product or service for money. Too say this game struggles to fulfill even basic functions would be a major understatement. Somehow they found the money for that stupid♥♥♥♥♥Black Angels song for their trailer but refused to put the money into fixing bugs before releasing? I'm not talking about minor bugs this entire game is barely functional.
76561198067348448,Not Recommended,256190,11540459,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Hillarump,"Save your money, One of the worst games I have played in a long time. Graphic and sound glitches... absolutely terrible."
76561198290959363,Not Recommended,256190,23875759,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gwynbleidd416,"Got all the way to mission 10 then got a bug that won't let me progress the story anymore. I'm just going to consider it a blessing in disguise from god, because despite that bug the main game is just terrible, and I don't deserve to be tortured any longer.Graphics:The graphics over all are average and get the job done, but this is ♥♥♥♥ed over by the fact that on every cutscene(I'm playing at 2k) The resolution appears the slide down to 480p or less.Gameplay:Simply awful, this game has some of the worst Ai I have ever seen.Story/setting:The story follows a man named Hawkins through the Warsaw uprising. That's really the most interesting thing about it as the story falls flat on every account, from Hawkins motivational broadcasts all the way to the the one on one converstions ment to get you attached to the characters. I don't know if this changes much after mission 10, and I don't want to play this game to find out.Pluses and minuses+WW2 setting, during Warsaw uprising.-Everything elseShould you get this game?♥♥♥♥ no!"
76561198027743090,Not Recommended,256190,23812130,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,jconk,Only played 52min of this and the AI is extremely bad not smart at all. I'm just glad I only paid 2.99.
,Not Recommended,256190,23814087,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mahksimus,"It's ok, not terrible, just ok."
,Not Recommended,256190,23818667,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MidnightWølf,"To start off its not a bad game. I wouldn't even exactly call it ww2 but if I were to it would have to be the very very start of ww2. The campaign was not bad but things take a nose dive when it comes down to the multiplayer. Very VERY little amount of maps and to be honest the game is dead. The problem is NO ONE PLAYS THE DAMN GAME. Not surprising since it's not an amazing game. What killed the game you ask. Well the fact that someone has to make a server for you to join, and since there is barely anyone playing you may never get around to play. I wish the game went through testing because it's really a shame. All in all if you're really still interested go for the campaign. Can't say I recommend it though."
,Not Recommended,256190,20167171,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Filthy Stink,pretty poop game if you ask me
76561197965740181,Not Recommended,256190,11464586,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,peepin ur gurl,"Game looks great, plays okay, is generally very mediocre. Story makes zero sense, game is pretty short, lots of bugs, poor AI. Try Sniper Elite instead."
,Not Recommended,256190,20802856,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,oMoH31,Crashing windows + bad graphic. Screens here are fake
76561197993312211,Recommended,256190,16251398,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,cogsed,"Good Game Honestly, Graphics are Ehhhh, Gameplay Nice, But Super Unrealistic.... (Via Unis and stuff)... And the Campaign to Short.... Just To Short..."
76561198098006819,Not Recommended,256190,17887541,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,WARHAMMERSMK,NO SERVERS ARE UPDo not buy.
76561198019107739,Recommended,256190,14962997,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,"Maj""TankSlayer""Pain",its rather good
76561198087720178,Recommended,256190,14159644,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,steve_bond,"Ok... so by current standards its a bit 'unrefined' and I agree that the AI isn't all it could probably have been. BUT, for a low budget game, it holds its own with much more expensive games.It is set in WW2 and the artwork captures that chaos really well. The indestructable Robert Hawkins (your character) can be bit annoying and I wanted somebody to shoot him (me) more than once!Its a good value game though and an interesting way to pass away a few hours - it won't take days!Personally, I'd give it a 6/10 but I'm not a battle hardened gamer!"
76561197995001164,Recommended,256190,14199981,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sasha,The game recalls of Medal of Honor but the AI is not particularly developped and the single player may become somewhat dull; the dialogue and the story line are quite entertaining though.
76561198044340767,Recommended,256190,14512799,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,full metal jacket,nice ww2 game
76561198111357060,Not Recommended,256190,24263298,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,thetinto,Story is very short at full price don't buy it. Under half price is close to the real value.
,Not Recommended,256190,11240471,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Hawksmith,Loading screens were more interesting than the actual game.
76561197974729697,Recommended,256190,11058617,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,sander538,waiting for the DLC's when are they going to come.
76561197966863359,Recommended,256190,10487069,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,cazub,"""non linear"" ? nope, its linear. So far it plays just like sniper elite II (which was linear but a lot of fun). On some mission startups you can choose 1 of 2 options but once you choose..... its linear. Like sniper elite II you walk into an area that looks like a painball arena with obvious blocks of cover. Once you see something like that its pretty obvious there's going to be a shootout once you walk over some sort of trigger. Still you're walking through a level 'tunnel' , this is not a sandbox game by any means. To the reviewers out there from ign or other game sites, review your terms. ""non linear"" implies games like GTAV or in the war genre games like the first 3 rainbow six's or the red orchestra series games.Is it fun though? Yeah, its still pretty good. Its a console game so the enemies aren't very accurate but the bullet effects are pretty good. Your team AI seems about as useful as the team AI in COD4 (useless). Graphically the game looks great, that cryengine does wonders as usual. The story line isn't bad and the nazi's are the usal cardboard cutout evil badguys that don't know how to shoot. Maybe thats not right, they can shoot but your american hardskull deflects bullets and regenerates health like a starfish. I'm pretty sure your character could have single handedly won ww2. ""Send our boys home, this guys got it covered!"""
76561197960353767,Recommended,256190,10476616,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Curst[.se],"Fun, cheesy, old school shooter with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI."
76561198007988877,Recommended,256190,10479119,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Zyklon_B,Good old WW2 shooter. had the same feeling as the older medal of honor games. Looks pretty and is a flowing game. controls are easy and generic and I would recommend it to anyone who likes shooters and/or WW2.
,Recommended,256190,10484349,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Tremors Van Zant,"Not bad for $25. I mean, it's not great either, but the game is long enough to warrant the price. The levels also have a bit of replay value to them because you can do stealth kills in a lot of places if you want to. It has some bugs, but only a couple forced me to restart a checkpoint. Doing a stealth takedown apparently picks a random kill animation which can put you inside a wall, which is more amusing than frustrating. Anyways, I would say buy this game, especially if it goes on sale. It's a good distraction while waiting for something else to come out."
76561197993582132,Not Recommended,256190,33755675,Posted: 23 July,all,MicroDev,"It's never a good sign when you start up a new game and it crashes to the desktop.  Check the game files, even through you just installed it, and it comes back clean.  Try another start and it works.  Okay...The opening sets up a reporter type who wants to tell a story and then - boom go kill Nazi's.  Whatever.  The combat is pretty much bland, the AI enemies are pretty stupid, either hunkering down or rushing straigh into gunfire.I can overlook that for a quick shooter fix, but then the graphics bugs kick in.  Neon Orange crates are all over the place?  The texture maps are hosed on some, but not all, of specific types of objects.  Oh and what's that?  Papers, books, etc., floating in mid-air.  Even if you ignore all of that.  The original Call of Dury had a better artistic flair.  Sure it runs smooth on a 1080 ti with so bland of an environment.  Oh wait, not it doesn't.  Frequent pause hangs and stuttering are abound.  Then it runs smoothly again.  Really?Right of the bat, you will go on a rescue mission, kill a bunch of Nazis, and liberate a captive.  The guy you were rescuing just says, ""Thanks, that's the way out,"" and you are back in your base ready to start the next mission?  WT?This game isn't worth $5 let alone the disk space it takes up.  I bought it a while ago and never played it.  Unfortunately, I can no longer return it.  I should have heeded all of the other negative reviews - they are absolutely right.  Avoid this mess."
,Not Recommended,256190,26552706,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Rocketpants,"Enemy Front really tries to play on your nostalgia for the good old days when Call of Duty and Medal of Honor were still WW2 games and were nice and simple - shoot the Nazis. I fell for it and bought it hoping I'd be getting just that.Unfortunately though it doesn't have any of the epic gameplay, great stories or responsive controls that those great old games did. Instead the FOV is way too narrow, the character movement like you're sliding in mud, the maps boring, the graphics mediocre and the AI - don't even get me started on the AI. You can quite literally stand in a hallway and wait for all the enemies in the area to file down it and pick them off at will. Incredible for a game only a few years old.This game is average at best and that's being nice. I got bored and uninstalled it. Not worth the disk space."
,Recommended,256190,31113239,Posted: 13 April,all,Razr82,this game is really awesome. i would totally recommend to anyone who is a fan of shooters....especially ww2 fps
,Not Recommended,256190,24955405,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,[PG] Neema,"An annoying mess. I got this for 2 eur but still had to refund it. About 2 minutes into the game and i encountered a bug that caused my character to get stuck in the ground and move at the speed of a snail.Huge -Falsely trying to advertise itself as a revolutionary gameAI seems scripted and not independent at allGameplay is boring, its simple like call of duty, but at least i have fun with call of duty."
76561198094037087,Not Recommended,256190,26052793,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Lithium,"even after all this time it is still not a good game, i'd give it a... 4 outta 10"
,Not Recommended,256190,16403612,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,bryan_a_b3,terrible optimization
,Recommended,256190,33401399,Posted: 9 July,all,DieselE,For full price?? Mehhhh.. Still the game is fun.. Should buy it during the sales..
,Not Recommended,256190,33267938,Posted: 5 July,all,Saint Soarino,"Horrible graphic issues, had to fiddle around to much to get the game actually running."
,Not Recommended,256190,33287130,Posted: 5 July,all,Tracer,"This game is simply impossible to play. Unexpected crashes, bugs, black screens, numerous graphic problems etc. A typical amateur type of work that was put into production without previous testing. And it's not about the money I payed for the game, but the wasted time strugling to make this work.Avoid the game and save yourself the frustration."
76561198063110896,Not Recommended,256190,25196160,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Not Applicable,awful. simply awful
,Recommended,256190,14081012,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,goka9696,"Another one of those ""next gen"" City interactive games, alongside with sniper ghost warrior series.Better than their old gamesOn same level as first sniper ghost warrior (haven't played second one)Not a bad game, but very mediocre"
76561197999957581,Recommended,256190,20051914,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Hcorg,"Mixed... Couple of bugs, ""stealth mode"" is not really working (apart from one or two missions), but game looks really nice and it's finally something about Warsaw Uprising (IMHO: it would be even better with more Warsaw missions).Definitely I'd recommend it for anyone who like WW2 FPSes, not necessary for hardcore FPS gamers ;)"
,Not Recommended,256190,34674518,Posted: 1 September,all,Bluto4x,"I want to really like this game, but the gameplay is buggy as hell. From shaders that don't render correctly, to being latched on set pieces you have to blow up, it can be a fun ride in short spurts, but not something I can spend any serious amount of time on. Luckily the game was very cheap on sale."
,Not Recommended,256190,10918864,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dacia Sandero,I have a cat.  He's kind of large.  His poops stink up the whole house.  But not as bad as the multiplayer in Enemy Front.  That's a real special type of poopy smell.
76561198022871727,Not Recommended,256190,10494352,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Captain Hammy,Multiplayer does not work and no one is playing.
76561198045498027,Not Recommended,256190,10465542,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,jojarich,"would be a great game if it worked. it says plays best on alienware, well i have an alienware x51 and it says my intel HD chipset is unsupported. wtf. Update..  they seem to have fixed the chipset issue so i've been able to play now. Honestly its an ok game but its pretty glitchy on the video sequences"
76561197981641454,Not Recommended,256190,10496510,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Irralfar,Awful!
76561197960460673,Not Recommended,256190,10500222,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Pyrosleek,WARNING!! Dont buy this game!!! Steam DOES NOT offer REFUNDS and their customer service is about as helpful as mcdonalds staff.Most poorly designed and overpriced game on steam.
,Not Recommended,256190,10464033,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,TopGunner,"When I found a set of stairs I couldn't walk up because 1 step was larger than the others, or when I shot an enemy 7 times but saw the bullets hit the wall behind him, or when I blew up a wall and nothing happened, that's when I thought gg, there goes my money.Campaign and StoryThe story started at a horrible place (in the middle of shooting stuff up for no reason), and the campaigns pacing is horrible. You are thrown into a battle as a bloodlusting, nazi-killing journalist who has to try to figure out what people with thick accents are telling him to do, while navigating a colorful underpopulated world of evil nazis. - 3/10Shooting and FPS.Hitting people with guns is like a freakish nightmare, not only do the weapons take up most of the screen but the sights are horrible. Even if you do manage to aim and shoot, you won't neccesarily hit because the bullets don't hit enemies most of the time. The ""target hit"" marker is inconsistent sometimes in the singleplayer, and in the multiplayer you have no indication whatsoever of hits to other people other than the delayed bloodspurt. The game has AI who don't know how to take cover, advance or pretty much anything other than idle about and patrol. As usual AI put the back of their heads out of cover to give the player a chance to shoot them. That still doesn't make sense, and it hasn't for years. STOP IT. The player movement is like being bambi trying to walk on ice, I feel like my character should stop once i stop holding a key.. - 2/10Animations, maps and cutscenes.The animations look like they are from a far older game, they are sluggish, clip through objects and people and are terribly unrealistic. In one cutscene I spotted the same Nazi soldier 2 times and the first time there was two of the same standing beside each other. I found a map bug in multiplayer where i couldn't walk up some stairs, because the last step was too tall. 2/10Audio and music.Already in the first cutscene I couldn't hear what people were saying because the background noise was too loud, this might be because I'm using a 7.1 headset but boo hoo, that shouldn't be a problem in this day and age. When you walk around in the quieter parts of the game, you might have trouble hearing your own footsteps very much, and when you do, it sounds like you're mostly walking barefoot. One voice actor (the rebel leader in the sewers) was incredibly hard to understand, I mostly just walked around not having nay idea what I was doing or why. When you take someone down with the knife (ignoring the fact that you have to violently repeatedly stab the guy in the neck (yes we get it already, he's dead now)) you can hardly hear any sound effect from the knife whatsoever. I know it's a stealth kill and all, but when you violently stab someone like this, I'd like to think it makes mroe sound. The music is actually quite allright, and when the sound effects are held in a leash, they are actually quite good. 4/10In total a 3/10 would not buy again. With so many shortcomings, old feel, sluggish gameplay in general, crash issues, other reported issues from other players on here etc. I just don't think that this game is worth your money. If you do want a very mediocre shooter with a story that might appeal to some (not me as you've probably guessed) wait for a sale or a price reduction. It's not worth buying even with this 20% discount."
,Not Recommended,256190,10465876,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Gefr.Griesser.23PzD,"hmmm, not impresssed, first reaction is that i might as well play Call Of Duty 1, but i decide to keep playing to give the game a chance... then it crashed... only played 20mins but it doesnt take long to realize that this game is garbage.. its so easy ill probably try and beat it if it doesnt crash again,"
76561197979636047,Not Recommended,256190,10499701,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,RICKETY REKT SON!,"No one is playing, servers crash when you get in....not worth the money. DONT BUY!"
76561198020317075,Not Recommended,256190,10470222,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,WRanG,"A typical ww2 shooter from the 90's with updated graphics... Im kinda dissapointed as i hoped for more. Unfortunately it seems like the game was rushed for a release just after the d-day anniversary, and it shows...There are quite a bit of bugs and stuff there just isnt made good enough, (npc's running into walls and getting stuck. Bad animations when npc's are using stuff (npc opening a door but isnt touching it, npc weapons flying while npc is havbing it in his hands, and loads of other things like that) also the video part between missions seems to end very wierd, almost like they crash at the end, and throwing you into the mission.Another dissapointment is the main story in the game, it is very thin and just stops at a random point.One of the better parts about this game is the weapons, as there are quite a few that you dont see in most ww2 games, like the Welrod. Also the game is cheap"
76561198050309613,Not Recommended,256190,10454493,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,LICENSE TO KILL,"Almost a replica of the acclaimed Sniper Elite franchise, just with the 1st-person view instead of the 3rd-person one. I'd rather buy Sniper Elite, of which the 3rd-person view mechanism gives me way MUCH better and wider view of the enemies on the map, than this game. Man I regretted too much spending 23.99 GBP on this :("
,Not Recommended,256190,10579247,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,trucker_xxx,An annoying game.  Use checkpoints rather user saving. You can be killed or your mission will end through no fault of your own. Managed to get about half way through the Norwegian mission before finally giving up in disgust.And the graphics are so five years ago.
76561197964529548,Not Recommended,256190,10729765,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Pibb,Wolfenstein: The New Order is better in virtually every aspect.  The 'non-linearity' that this game touts is more a series of unconnected nonsense vingettes with options to play stealthily or not.
76561198054419081,Not Recommended,256190,11057287,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,lnomsim,"See the third review ?Yes, the first one with a bad review.Well that's aboutit for the gameplay and the immesrsion.If you want an open world, that is absolutely not here that you will find it.Corridor progression on large map does not mean open world. It just mean large corridor map.You have only one way to go, and a nice little flag to tell you how to get there in case you get lost (if you do, tell me how you did it)Hopefully, you have map showing you how uge the mission world is. Yes, the map is huge, so huge, you don't even know what you are supposed to see. Where are you ? Where do you need to go ? Where can you go ?You don't know, but you don't care, since once again, it's a corridor game, the oly place where you need to go is ahead, following the flag.Now, the controls. They are very, very, very heavy. I've set my mouse sensibilt in maximum, and I have still the impression I'm trying to pull an elephant. But that's not all, it's the first time in a fps I see a character who takes 1sec to stop moving. Seriously, why is there so much inertia ? It's not a parcour game, it's a shooting game.You want to play discretion ? I suppose it is possible. I really like fps where you can play discretion, like crysis and metro. But here I don't even bother doing so. The takedowns are long. Veeeeeeeery longs. You want to stealth kill that enemy ? Good I have a better way, fire your weapon in the air to tell everyone that you're here, because anyway that's what will happen after a stealth kill.But maybe I'm just bad. So, I killed that man, quick, I need to drag it's body so nobody will find him. Wait ! Mother nature already took care of that. Move ten meters away, come back, the corpse will have disappeared. Thank you biodegradable bodies !And for the grand finale, the graphics !Seriously ? This is cryengien 3 ? The one used for crysis 3 and sniper ghost warrior ? It's awfull. The textures are bad quality (I run all in ultra), the light is overbright and the omnipresent sun shafts give an impression of mist. It's not a good mixture.At first I thought most of the objects had some kind of importance, since they had the same luminosity as the ammo box, but no. They are just ugly and overlighted.The cutscenes are in low (even very low) definition. Remember old games where you could see a lot of piexels ? I don't, because even old games had a better rendered than these cutscenes. Loading screens presents a 3d scene, in the same crappy definition. During my first loading, I prayed all the gods that the game wouldn't look lie that. Fortunately, I was exoced, unfortunately, I wonder if it is really better.Oh! and before I forget, the difficulty. I play in expert. So yes, I die, but only because I lack attention, even in this difficulty, going berserck is more than easy. KAR and sniper kill in one shot. In fact, most weapons do, unless you don't know how to aim. At a point I wondered if I had mastered the headshot only.......So, this game is ugly, uncoherent, unchallenging, ininteresting, and put a pejorative adjective here.I'll continue playing it until the end, bt only because I don't want to have wasted my money.I certainly not recommand it, it hurt me to say so, but call of duty is much better, no matter which one."
,Not Recommended,256190,35201154,Posted: 25 September,all,Jackyyeah510,It’s bad
76561198017702063,Not Recommended,256190,32717891,Posted: 24 June,all,Gormogon,"3 missions in and I'm bored. Congratulations: You managed to make shooting Nazi's boring. Somehow, running kilometers across maps with only occasional and easily avoidable random Nazi patrols contributed to that. Also, enemies will see you when you're behind them and stealthed, but they won't be bothered by the grenade blowing up their buddies a few meters away. So the AI is incredibly dumb.If you want a good WW2 shooter, save your money for Call of Duty. I'm so glad I only spent $3 on this game."
76561198272470328,Not Recommended,256190,35088001,Posted: 20 September,all,Gamer115_24_7,not fun no moutiplieru
76561198133837329,Recommended,256190,28978563,Posted: 3 January,all,EN STOR KLICK SMÖR I ANUS,Works Good on Steam Link10/10 bought is becouase of the Steam Link
,Recommended,256190,28952348,Posted: 2 January,all,giancarlo1985,"I bought this game for $2.99 during the winter sale. It's a solid, somewhat run of the mill WWII shooter that gets unnecessary criticism. For the price I paid, I would definitely recommend it. Not for $30. The graphics are pretty to look at in most areas and the weapons are well balanced. The AI could be better, but it isn't bad at all. The stealth mode is a bit quirky and kinda useless, but I guess going in guns blazing is often better anyways.I recommend this game when it's on sale. 3.5 out of 5 stars."
76561198273323851,Recommended,256190,33714292,Posted: 22 July,all,Jack the Ranger,Great game.
76561198344676465,Recommended,256190,33743326,Posted: 23 July,all,Trytomiss2,8/10.. AI needs improvements
,Recommended,256190,35351156,Posted: 30 September,all,Yasha SL#Because I Got High,Good storyline thx for making life great
76561198263271066,Recommended,256190,33750218,Posted: 23 July,all,MG-T,awesome game
76561198035105484,Not Recommended,256190,25184306,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Gravitygunman,My eyes are bleeding after playing this game.
76561198274263301,Recommended,256190,25227245,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Boomer,"This game is real good, story/gameplay/weapons, my pc is not the best but i play this game on high resolution and it works perfect."
,Not Recommended,256190,16689749,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,CmdB,The stealth works only when it wants to and the weapons give inconsistant damage to enemies.  killed repeatedly by friendly ai exposing my position and starting firefights.  2/10
76561198006858203,Not Recommended,256190,28962035,Posted: 2 January,all,gareth,This game mite be worth the three bucks i paid for it but i doubt it
,Recommended,256190,10426001,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,DREDD,good game veyr nice graphics good ww2 game finally multiplaye rneeds to be fixed a bit for austrlaian servers still playable and people will start making servers for aussies and they r downloading game now most likely
76561197976674488,Recommended,256190,22242103,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,<tuna<,bEST WAR GAME EVER!!  WISH THERE WAS MORE LIKE IT.
,Recommended,256190,10428371,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Kurt,"Solid GameA few things that are rather saddening but..The Levels feel huge but have very little enemy  activityThe Story feels rather rushed and unexplained (You also feel out of place and like you are meant to know the people already)The Game is WAY to damn easy even on the most difficult settings you can get, every enemy is a one hit with a K98K Rifle and they have a wonky cover mechanic which causes them to hide in plain site, Health regen is crazy fast putting very little challenge or need for cover in the game.Over all i feel as though this game is fun but at the same time is made to look at (More of a visual showcase as it is) and the gameplay feels rather sloppyIf you love games like Wolfenstein or Battlefield 1942 style games this isn't it..This feels like an attempt to bring back the WW2 Shooter to it's COD Roots.Worth a pickup Maybe anything under $15"
,Not Recommended,256190,10474413,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Markobie,Can I get a refund? ... #fail
76561197970469558,Not Recommended,256190,12227619,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,DRUNKR2D2,R2D2 urinates on this derivative waste of time.
76561197974271450,Recommended,256190,26528247,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Eule Zamman,Polish power
76561198145121430,Not Recommended,256190,24350934,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,MariusPrime,"The story is.... enjoyable.... graphics are great, everything else is crap."
,Recommended,256190,25265223,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,khwasi.87,one of the best fps shooter of WW1 worth more than what i have pay for it got it for 2$
76561197979326120,Recommended,256190,10480092,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,THE MAYOR OF SUPLEX CiTY,its fully alright
,Not Recommended,256190,24158067,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,fisher,仅仅只是玩了半个小时就来写评论，可能会有些片面。但是我再也玩不下去了，我想也没有什么期待了先说说优点吧，画质很好，还有潜入系统，例如飞机的轰鸣声可以盖过你的枪声从而达到潜入的目的。（嗯，这不是狙击精英么）或者是扔个石头啊什么的（嗯，这不是孤岛惊魂么）然后缺点，作为一款射击游戏，最重要的元素就是突突突，这款游戏做的如何呢？辣鸡！我玩了3把枪，没有一把是有后坐力的，对的，没有后坐力的，这玩个毛？我说过这游戏有潜入系统是吧，废！智障的ai，甚至触发战斗了，他都能从你身边擦过去，去“找”你还好我是夏季特惠花4元钱买的，不心疼，现在想想，4块钱干点啥不好。
76561198005765470,Recommended,256190,31760073,Posted: 14 May,all,Hell-n-Back,"Best World War 2 game of European Front I have ever Played.. This Game Cries for a good Graphics Card & CPU,  to TRULY run this Bad Boy efficiently!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,256190,10458944,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Frederik,"Some of the worst AI I've seen in a game. This ""stealth"" is comepletely ♥♥♥♥ing impossible, simply because the enemies are all knowing. You can shoot an enemy 100 meter behind a guy, while he is behind cover, while the nearest enemies are practice shooting WHILE under ""loud sound"" and they STILL ♥♥♥♥ING DETECT HE IS DEAD ! Did a wild chimpanzee do the ♥♥♥♥ing code to this game ?! I mean for ♥♥♥♥ sake, this is 2014, this♥♥♥♥♥♥is unacceptable"
76561198002861878,Recommended,256190,13445445,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Beer Cat,"This game is by no means perfect, do not expect for it to be on par with games like Skyrim or the Far Cry series. I personally had a lot of fun with this game, i have yet to beat it however. Really my best advice is this, if youre a huge fan of WW2 i woud consider buying it. Plus, shooting Nazi's will never ever get old, just admit it!"
,Not Recommended,256190,33650534,Posted: 19 July,all,Kevinet,"Utterly ""meh."" When a game is forgotten, there is usually a reason for it. Thoroughly uninspiring and lackluster."
76561198092588063,Not Recommended,256190,22811577,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Skeletor,Ran up to doors to place explosives. while placing an officer completely phases through the door right in my face. goes back through the door then sticks hand through and kills me. 2/10 worth the $4 i payed.
76561198035648683,Not Recommended,256190,22854044,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Stevenman556,"If on sale buy, but man its so boring and cliche. Everything seen in this game has been done better already."
76561198004992673,Not Recommended,256190,32979641,Posted: 29 June,all,Perry Nguyen,"The enemy was running around like crazy.The enemy even takes turn to shot at me. Like in some turn-based RPG game.They also have wallhacks.They also deal little damages despite the highest difficulty.I have GTX 1070, the game barely stable at 60 frames.P/s:I even got lost and ran around like an idiot for 0.2 hours."
76561198113014119,Recommended,256190,24283107,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Shadow Ops,"Enemy Frontfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effectsgood game."
76561198013248183,Not Recommended,256190,16609010,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jamie,Don't buy it if you like games that have sound I've tried every work around but it still does not have any sound
,Recommended,256190,24474305,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,jonathanmatthew10,Nice
76561198000433787,Not Recommended,256190,18600032,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,ϟRolling Thunderϟ,"What a crappy game. Really. it's insanely boring, very cliche and boring characters. The reason I bought this game, is because I'm blind and stupid. Yeah, I didn't read the reviews, I just usually love WWII games. But this is a real stinker. DON'T buy it, unless it's on sale for like 4 bucks. Oh yeah, that's another thing. This game is expensive as♥♥♥♥♥♥for its quality. I didn't waste my time on multiplayer, so I can't say anything about that."
,Not Recommended,256190,24974680,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Okami,"It is not what you think it will be, Its a cryengine game so the gameplay is clunky like all other cryengine games, nothing is at least 1080p in this game (so basicaly its the console version with pc inputs), the story makes no sense and many times just random, and the gameplay just isnt fun.I would not under any circumstances recommend this game but if you are going to ignore me and others and get the game anyway, I suggest you get it at a price that you dont care if you cant get a refund."
76561197964330509,Not Recommended,256190,23923085,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Robear,"Holy ♥♥♥♥... where to begin.Upside:its beautiful, graphics are excellent(when they dont crash my game or computer at the beginning of a mission or during the annoying loading/cutscene screen)It was only 3 bucksI think the polish side of the story is highly left-out of western basic history teachings and these guys had it pretty hard on both frontskillin nazis - stabbing fascists in the back just feels good...Downside:crashing... had this sucker crash the game and even force me to restart my compy the last time it did it(beware of the loading screen/cinematic)HUGE FPS drops at the begging of missions is terrible(we are talking single digit fps here - unplayable. I was unable to find a solution to fix this so i ususally had to wait for it to go away on its own and hope my objectives werent ♥♥♥♥ed up for the 5 minutes it took it to play catch-up)Stupid AI: this game would have been more challenging and a lot more fun had somebody spent a little more time on the AI(for example: lemmings, i shoot one guy another comes forward to stand on his body, again... and again... and again, these days we can ask for better AI programming, this isnt the 90s)"
76561198126271232,Not Recommended,256190,23883132,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Operator.Pulse,"Very rough and unpolished game, multiplayers dead, only buy on sale."
,Recommended,256190,24159175,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[Dozen] TokyoKid,10/10 poland simulator
,Not Recommended,256190,30015729,Posted: 18 February,all,xFoxDeath,Doesn't work in DX11 on Windows 10
76561197977060014,Recommended,256190,18854182,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,137255137255,Fun Game.  Worth the buy if it goes on sale.  I'd get this for the Singleplayer.  If you love killing Nazi's; this games shortcomings won't stop you from loving all it has to offer.
,Not Recommended,256190,23720237,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,SkyRisk,Online R.I.P
,Not Recommended,256190,29078352,Posted: 6 January,all,Auf Der Flucht,"single player only, there are better cryengine options out there. just play warface if you want s!@#"
,Recommended,256190,34156697,Posted: 10 August,all,boxofcards,Had it on Xbox and loved it so Got it on Pc amazing game 10/10
76561197995372865,Not Recommended,256190,25404750,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Nicholas Von Destruction,"This game was beyond crap.  Better yet, when I tried to use the vaunted Steam guarantee for a game that I played 30 minutes of, they basically told me to pound sand."
76561198126399235,Not Recommended,256190,11147335,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Teenencorex6666,"The multiplayer aspect of this game isnt working, it will not connect to servers"
,Not Recommended,256190,10443027,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,DT_Rick Sanckez,"as of right now, i cannot reccomend this game, thouigh i dont want to totally pan it, it has potential, it just so far has failed to impress me.i have been wating a long time for a proper WWII shooter than the industry has abandoned for dime a dozen modernd FPS, and this game looked intriuging, however they put way too much energy into trying to make a visual game and ended up doing a very bad job of it, too much GFX effects and filters and other crap just made the visuals seem over exaggerated and really hinder gameplay. there is a lack of graphics options that one would expect from a game with this many bells and whistles built on cryengine no less. no FOV slider, no way to disable motion blur or DOF (who the hell actually likes these???) no way to turn off the damn lens flares which completely override your vision in many places.the AI is pretty bad, and seemed a bit robotic and overpowered, shootouts usually ended up with enemys in cover for most of the time and when they did pop out they land instant headshots.i want to see this game do well, hopefully some better options get pached in and the AI gets some improvment, but right now, i just cannot give this a thumbs up."
76561198113620997,Not Recommended,256190,10633982,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Reqtward #RetiredRustGod,this is a lagy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥has video cards that cause crashes and much more it does not work and is a watse of money. DO NOT BUY it is terrible gamelay as well do not be fooled by the trailers
76561198042112375,Not Recommended,256190,10469858,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Savage Strap On,"Havn't played much of the campaign, but from my experience the servers are all laggy as hell and most people run around with bazookas. Well, that is if you can even connect to the host who appears to be located in southeastern Guatamala. 6/10 the multiplayer is fun, IF it works and IF people don't bazooka ♥♥♥♥♥.... good luck. Worth more like 10$ than 25 lel"
76561198114519154,Not Recommended,256190,10443487,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Wooperth,"The game looks appealing at first -- it's WW2 which is a theme that many people enjoy, and its graphics are spectacular. But, the gameplay is dull and many features don't seem polished enough.The multiplayer seems to have a poor progression system -- many guns are unlocked at the beginning and it just doesn't feel right.The singleplayer often involves fighting alone, which is something I personally don't enjoy. There are also not enough checkpoints, and you'll become quite frustrated after playing through a large chunk of a mission and having to rever back is annoying.The game has potential but there just isn't enough polish to make it worth the time and money, sorry CI Games. I know you probably worked hard on this and we appreciate your time -- it's just the game doesn't play very smoothly."
,Not Recommended,256190,10461885,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,mentolis,disapointing.
76561198000670368,Not Recommended,256190,10464931,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,troll,Generic fps game with world war 2 skin.
,Not Recommended,256190,10457184,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,0V3RKILL,yet another game that I am not going to finish. boring and very linear. On top of that the multiplayer is bad cause it doesnt have an anti cheat system
,Not Recommended,256190,10439784,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,bludfang _playin smite,not until they fix the horrible video issues
76561198130424611,Not Recommended,256190,11106744,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,I <3 L.S.D,one of the worst games ive ever played. i cant believe i wasted like 50-60 of my dollas on this ♥♥♥♥♥tttttt!!!!~!!~!
76561198399788714,Recommended,256190,33686076,Posted: 20 July,all,YonJeeKwun,"Its a good game, and it's cheap."
76561198115404363,Not Recommended,256190,33736245,Posted: 22 July,all,Remu,The graphics doesn't save this game.
,Recommended,256190,32736921,Posted: 24 June,all,1st Lt. Helene [34thID],"This game is freaking awesome! lovelly graphics, nice gameplay multiplayer rules!Everybody should buy it before the sale ends an play multiplayer it's very very nostalgic!remembers me medal of honor series from the playstation one!LOVE IT!"
,Not Recommended,256190,10422026,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Greggets,"Terrible, runs terribly on my PC, aven though the graphics aren't that intense. BF4 run better. Story reminds me too much of Wolfenstein the new order and feels like i'm just playing a bad reamake. Wish I had my 23.99 back, Do not buy this game it's not worth the download time wait and most certainley not worth your money."
,Not Recommended,256190,10424833,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,doncorleone,So glad I paid money for this ♥♥♥♥ING piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ steam is not helping me with the problems. I do not know why they would support such a crappy game in the first place Oh I know they are steam and they are money grubbers. All I have to say is steam  your going down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ faster and faster maybe someone with more intelligence will buy you out!!!!!!!! Oh and about the game its full of problems that basically make it unplayable and I have a top of the line computer that played Wolfenstien New order and watch dogs with ease on the highest graphics this game looks like a late PS2 game compared to them.
,Recommended,256190,12686876,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Calico,"I bought this game for 20$ and was very very excited to play it. However, as I attempt to it lags so terribly hard. My graphics system is capable of handling every game but there is something in this one that prevents me from playing it. Everything appears in what seems like a drunken stupor with ghost images behind it. Now i'm sure part of this is still from my system but part is the game itself. I want my money back but understand the policies.Other than that from what few moments I was in the game it looked really interesting. I'm sure the story and style are exceptional as well."
76561198017668640,Not Recommended,256190,10425355,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,[RW] HatulParsi,Whenever i put the graphics on medium+ quality it looks like the game is on heroin
76561197999960689,Recommended,256190,10429184,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Buttlord,"Game crashes after loading screen. It's ok though, I was tired of WW2 shooters anyway.10/10Would crash again."
76561198080384606,Recommended,256190,10424271,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,trogdor,havent played very long but the story is pretty cool i got it on release day so few minnor bugs that dont affect gameplay such as text overlapping on subtitles i tried to play online but servers seemed to be down which is expected on release day buy so far having fun
76561198153614105,Not Recommended,256190,32963960,Posted: 28 June,all,Gopnik,"-Bought game-Installed it-Played for some minutes to try it-Kinda liked it-Next day, arrives home-Opens game-Plays for about an hour-Realizes that game is rubish-Thinks for some minutes-Refunds game-Buys two games with the money10/10 Would refund game againNow seriously, the game is not an abomination, but it certainly is bad. AI, both in combat and stealth suck, graphics are ok i guess. Writing and narrative are terrible, missions are bluntly presented to you and in my case the only way to do them was by engaging in combat, since stealth is so poorly made. Combat itself is bad to, AI is so dumb that enemies run towards you, or they don`t react at being shot, weapons are bad to shoot, and sounds are crappy, animations are okay i guess.Sadly i was hoping for a more narrative-focused game, but i got what looks like the aborted child of Sniper Elite and Medal of Honor.Conclusion, do not buy, not even worth the three dolars i payed for it"
,Recommended,256190,10427269,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Iggy Wolf,"Really good for a WWII shooter. We haven't had one of those in a while. There is Wolfenstein: The New Order but that one's alternate history. Enemy Front uses the CryEngine but some of the textures are low resolution. The game is nice in that it gives you the ability to do either a stealth run or a gun and run. The AI is a little dumb though, since they take a while to notice you. I played on medium difficulty however so I'm not sure if they notice you faster on expert. It is more forgiving however than Sniper Elite in the sense that the enemy doesn't have Eagle Eye and so they won't know exactly where you are and if you manage to lie low for a while and let your detection meter drop, they will stop searching for you but will still remain on guard. The dumb part comes in due to the fact that they lose you simply because you hid behind a box, even though they know you were there a minute ago. The weapons are nice. Ammo is plentiful with open ammo boxes scattered all over the maps. The graphics overall are nothing crazy and could be considered lacking a bit in today's modern age and AAA titles but look better than all the old WWII shooters that we've had so far. I will say that the textures tend to bug out sometimes and take a while to load but they are only few. I've experienced more crashes than texture bugs, usually at the later levels of the campaign. With all that said, it's an otherwise pretty good game and I recommend getting it while it's still on sale right now."
76561198099991558,Not Recommended,256190,11550640,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,vertviking,no
76561198058082880,Recommended,256190,10426396,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Fuck you Javier,Lousy Checkpoints but nice game
76561198066679370,Not Recommended,256190,23871173,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,OswalD,"Great game, but multiplayer is sadly dead."
76561197978748933,Not Recommended,256190,10463864,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Rags,"I have not tried multiplayer at all, but for single player I am disappointed. Feels rushed and unpolished. Floating items in levels. Controls feel mushy and imprecise. On expert difficulty, enemy's appear to be using BB guns, almost 0 threat to you. I experienced choppy performance even with settings turned down (running win 7 pro, core i7 3.5ghz, 24gb ram, geforce gtx 760 4gb vram). Crashed loading 3rd mission... gg"
,Not Recommended,256190,10480386,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Sithious,"You know those games you never hear of and then suddenly it pops up and it looks decent and you play it and your left going, ""Yea that was... a game, yep"" well this is one of those games. A shame really, you can see the devs were trying really hard to make a cool WW2 FPS here and freshen the genre but it's just generic, im not sure if it was due to a small budget or they just didnt have the skill to pull it off but at the end of the day it feels like any other shooter, it looks like any other shooter, it sounds like any other shooter, it plays like any other shooter.It's clunky, quiet glitchy, the stealth is broken and insanely hard to pull off, the animations are pretty robotic, it definatly dosent look like its making full use of the Cryengine 3 but it looks good, the lip sync animations are pretty bad so try not to look at those and the gameplay is well, the same as every other FPS ever made. I didn't expect anything ground breaking for 30 bucks no but it dosent seem to try and vamp the satisfaction of kills or anything in any way, there is nothing else to do but go forward and click and if thats what your looking for in a game then this is for you but if your looking for 30 dollars worth of game it's not really here sadly.I guess its an fun little romp if your a big fan of WW2 history and guns as much as me but other then that wait for it to go for sale cas this is just an aim gun at enemy and click, not much more can be said about it sadly.Quick score 5/10, it's fine, not great but fine."
,Recommended,256190,27618076,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BJACK,"Я не знаю что писать, поэтому я напишу рецепт кeксов ""Наслаждение"".Ингредиенты:Мука пшеничная — 250 гПудинг (любой, у меня ванильный, 1 пакетик) — 37 гРазрыхлитель теста	— 3 ч. л.Сахар — 150 гМолоко — 100 гЯйцо куриное (средние) — 3-4 штМасло сливочное (мягкое, или маргарин) — 200 гНаслаждайтесь!"
,Not Recommended,256190,11402731,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,¡¡ Uranííííí ¡¡,(-)Sounds wrostMultiplayer servers only with hight latency (for EU)Singleplayer AI terrible(+)GraphicMenuDmg from weapons(=)Don't buy it its a waste of money 30€ for nothing!Multiplayer with 1-2 players onlineThis game needs really many updates
76561198004225502,Not Recommended,256190,10433736,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,GeneralBonobo,"This game was nothing but disappointment after disappointment. When I got it I was hoping for a game like the old wolfenstein multiplayer, but instead found that I could not connect to most servers as they often simply timed out due to no dedicated servers available. Those times I did connect to a server the screen either remained black or I had no mouse to select my loadout with. Gameplay itself is extremely mediocre, with the characters moving slowly and feeling rather sluggish while the gunplay itself isn't anything noteworthy. The singleplayer campaign is prone to crashing and being stuck on black screens when loading to a new area, and the AI are pitifully stupid. Overall the game is nothing but a frustration and waste of money, I do not recommend getting it."
,Not Recommended,256190,10438301,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,judgefudge101,piece of unoptimised buggy sh!T. avoid like the plague.
,Not Recommended,256190,24086597,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,HairyCherry,"Great game, but no playerbase only 3 people only so, I refunded the game"
76561198006684268,Not Recommended,256190,20366050,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Zapp Brannigan,This game is terrible. Bought it for less than $5. Feels overpriced.
,Not Recommended,256190,11078840,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Sir William,Facking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
76561197985139194,Not Recommended,256190,10441962,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,superphrog,"This is awful. Crappy graphics, lousy AI. AVOID."
,Not Recommended,256190,10465944,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Teejay Combo,"Terrible - just awful. This is 2004's Call of Duty, with all of the exploits and aimbots to go along with it. Want to find a server where you have a decent ping? Tough luck, because you can't see what your connection looks like, until you're already in. I wish I could get my money back for this."
,Not Recommended,256190,33975445,Posted: 2 August,all,Fişek MacQueen,"Hayatımda oynadığım en boktan 2. Dünya Savaşı oyunlarından biriydi. Oyunu bitirmeye tenezzül bile etmedim. Karakterler yapmacık derinliği yok  ve iticiler, mekan tasarımları güzel polonyanında dokusuna güzel değinilmiş ama oyun grafikten öteye gidememiş. Aİ davranışları malca oyunda stealth öğeleri eklenmeye çalışılmış ama derinliği yok taş atıyorsun adamlaruın umrunda olmuyo en sonunda adama attımda baktı yani o derece. Silahlar kullanması eğlenceli ama mantıksız örneğin makineli tüfeği mermisi bitene kadar kullanıyorsun mermi değiştirmek 3 saniye sürüyor :D Şaka mısınız bu mudur modern oyun anlayışı insan biraz gerçekçilik kadar oyuna :D Bütün Alman ordusu sokaklara inmiş sanki 15 temmuz 1944 aq bu nedir uçaklar kaldırmışlar baya baya aq çıldırdım akşam akşam. Ana karakteri söylemiyorum aq adam gazateci ama tek bölümde 70 80 kişi öldürüp tank patlattı. TEK BÖLÜMDE ! Ulan sniper elitede bile bu kadar adam kesmedik aq.   Uzun lafın kısası indirimde alın ya da almayın vakit kaybı :D bu paraya oyun arıyosanız cod 2 alın ww2 görün aq bu nedir sinirlerim bozuldu asıl üzüldüğüm şey kota  aq"
76561198411075986,Not Recommended,256190,35171400,Posted: 23 September,all,AyoAvery,Had to refund because of no multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,256190,26082577,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Homeless Chef,Good story but the game is just horrible and if you want it to work correctly you have to have a Alienware computer
76561198081735438,Not Recommended,256190,26211154,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Th35n0wman,"Pros:-looks pretty-modern WW2 gameCons:-substandard plot-gunplay feels weak and pathetic, essentially no recoil or challenge-audio to match the gunplay-repetitive music-you're a photographer and not really a badass soldier or resistance fighter-'MURICA"
,Not Recommended,256190,26065518,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Nap,"i ""love"" this game"
,Not Recommended,256190,29009041,Posted: 4 January,all,Laboring Connor,Bad game.
76561197961041625,Not Recommended,256190,12633171,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Jeopardy,"This game has some good moments, but over all i felt like the developers were stuck in the past when they made this.Everything about the game feels like i dug up an old FPS to play again."
,Not Recommended,256190,12329524,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Obersturmbannführer-SS,"Terrible terrible terrible.  This game isn't what was promised.  Bad controls, NOT open world or even open-ended, multiple choices - you do as the rails say you do, or you do not do anything.It took 2 dev groups and a bunch of years to give us - crap I wouldn't have played in 2005.Historically INSANE and INACCURATE.FAIL!  Don't purchase unless you have money to burn, no, never mind, burn your money instead - it would be more fun.0/10"
76561198098570812,Not Recommended,256190,10431571,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,TheLiquorSnurf,F@#K this piece of S#@t i want my goddamn money back i cant ♥♥♥♥ing play the goddam game if the screen shows a big black and grey blob instead of the game waste of money.
,Not Recommended,256190,10425653,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,TehSEAL,Trash.
76561197996319710,Recommended,256190,10423228,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Johnny Boy,"The graphics of the game look just GREAT. It's the best looking WWII game for sure.I can run the game on MAX settings at 1080p on my GTX680 with 60fps constantly, the game looks well optimized. (i7, 8GB, Win 8.1).The gameplay is really good. The guns/shooting feel very quite realistic and hardcore.The way weapons fire and kick, the muzzle flashes and the sounds... are all pretty good. The hit/damage system and the effects are also really nice.The story starts good, but the enemies' AI is buggy or something like that. That's a big problem, they should work on the enemies' AI and behaviors, because that's what the singleplayer is based on.I will write more about the story later becaused I haven't played much yet, I've played played half an hour.The multiplayer is missing a lot of things. I think they should devolope that thing further.The server browser doesn't show the server's ping, and thats a problem.You can't join a server by (double)clicking on the servers name. (You have to select the server and then click Join).If you are here for the Multiplayer... DON'T! It's not worth it at all, at this point at least. Buy Rising Storm instead.I liked the game overall, and I really WANT to like it more.Yet it looks like the game was released eirlier than it should be, and it has some issues. So please work on these issues and on the multiplayer, the game has some great potential."
76561198051498407,Recommended,256190,10422193,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Ignatsmouse,Game is far from being finished and should have never been released.Expect many patches and fixes in the near future.Lots of issues going on here.Textures and cut scene videos are grainy.Characters and weapons disappear making it impossible to fight against enemies you can’t see.Frame rate can slow to a crawl.Uses CRYENGINE technology so it should play beautify once fixed.Just have be patient and give it some time.OS:		Windows 7 Ultimate SP1CPU:	        i73770kMoBo:	Asus P8Z77-V DeluxeMemory:	Corsair 32gb DDR3 1866GPU:		EVGA 680 Classified (2x SLi)Storage:	Samsung EVO 840 1TBCooling:	XSPC Raystorm D5 RX240PSU:		Corsair 1000WRecommended because I think it will be fixed
,Recommended,256190,10425077,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,eastroad,"Pretty awesome WWII Shooter. As good as the old days with Medal of Honor Frontline. Yes, I said it, Frontline. Arguably the best FPS WWII shooter ever. This FPS gives YOU the choice of running and gunning stealth by silently stabbing Nazis, or Sniping. You get to decide in the moment what you want to do, not at a mission screen. You get to pick your weapons that you carry, and KEEP them. Definitely worth the $30 guys, it is some good ole blow stuff up and shoot some Nazis."
76561198026487542,Recommended,256190,10423728,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,BlueStar Longrodvonhugenburg,I love the game but the problem is it keeps crashing on me for weird reasons anyone know how to fix this? if so send me a message but in a rating i would give it other than the crashing i give it a 9.
,Recommended,256190,10428589,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,MISFITSWITCH,I played for about 1 hour last night. This game is fun. If you like WW2 games pick it up. It has a good story.
76561198030385531,Not Recommended,256190,29346652,Posted: 18 January,all,iiiiBELTiiiiFEDiiii,"No multiplayer!!!! Server Browser is empty??!!! I payed the money for the base game AND the ""multiplayer map pack"" and NO multiplayer!!! Who the F do I talk to about a refund, I want my freakin money back!!! BAD BAD BAD........"
,Not Recommended,256190,31519239,Posted: 2 May,all,Jonttunen,It's kinda dull.
,Recommended,256190,23264326,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,EndZiiel,I got this game on sale for 5 dollars.It's worth the 5 i reckon but not 30.The game has amazing and beautiful graphics and scenery but sadly its just too linear. It reminds me of MOH warfighter campaign where it just becomes frustrating and tiring to push through anymore.Also Multiplayer is dead but if you have a friend that owns the game i guess you could start a game and can get them to join.I'll give it a thumbs up because i feel its worth the 5 dollars.... if i paid 30 i'd be super angry!.((just some screens of the great scenery))http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=693024845http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=693024915http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=693024888
,Not Recommended,256190,10425152,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Ahravi the waff,"This game is a joke, do not buy. DX11 runs like crap, DX9 has flickering everywhere for one, but that's not all. The sound assets are a joke really, and in my (PAINFUL) limited time playing, you have no real freedom in the levels like there's ""supposed"" to be, it's only go out the back instead of front door. Yeah, freedom.The sounds are a joke but that's not all, there are looping sounds too, if you fire the mp40 by trigger tapping, one shot at a time but rapidly still, the sound cuts off and is really quiet too, almost like it's suppressed. It only sounds right when you hold the trigger down. The guns themselves are a joke as well, they handle like crap and aren't fun to use. The animations for them are ok at best, I really like the tactical reload for the Luger too, but noticed the new mag you put in is EMPTY. You don't get an A for effort there, you get an F.The movement is really floaty and not fun at all, jumping is pretty much useless. The AI is atrocious. I was in a building testing the animations for the Kar98, when a soldier walks into the hallway right after I fire, and he turns and walks down the hallway AWAY from me, wondering where I went. I proceeded to follow him while spinning in circles and he still didn't notice me, up until I melee'd him in the back and killed him. Which either didn't have a sound or it was a very weak sound.Waste of ~30 USD, if Valves refund policies weren't so crappy I might try and get my money back. But read this, and don't waste yours.Edit 9/18/2014I'm going to play this again because I'm a masochist."
,Not Recommended,256190,14024569,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kôlônel Kørpüs,How to play Enemy Front1. Install Game2. Game breaks3. Right Click on the game4. Press Uninstall5. Profit
76561198016193234,Recommended,256190,10422722,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Capps,They've got a great idea here.BUT FIX THE BUGS!
,Recommended,256190,10426094,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,steveo.crawford,"What ever you dont dont play with SLI on as you end up in a mind bending trip staring invisiable men, fingers that shoot bullets,Bulidings that seem to float in the air, missing stairs , and ground that eats you for breakfast.Still with sli off its a mindless blast that kills a few hours."
,Recommended,256190,10424339,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Krieger_Zero,Do you like stealth? Buy this gameDo you like shooting nazis? Buy this gameDo you like sneaking past a whole group of enemies to blast them to bits with their own machine gun emplacement? Buy this game12/10 Best game I've played thus far this year
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,256190,28334203,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Dustin,This is a sh*tty wanna-be COD game with awful AI and terrible gameplay.This game is simply garbage.1/10
,Not Recommended,256190,10434007,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,zakaweb,The game would be fine if not for the many bugs I've encountered.  After it's patched I will give it a proper review.
76561198092171474,Not Recommended,256190,23949008,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,PhanTasM,"""open-ended levels and a richly interactive combat experience that breaks out of the standard model of highly linear scripted FPS experiences, giving the player full freedom to own their playing style.""lmao,.. one of the most linear drab shooters i've ever wasted 20mins oni would play the first Syphon Filter on a PSX before i played this again..no,... not even for the $3.29 i'm getting refunded"
76561198022732283,Not Recommended,256190,13100558,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Darksigma,"It runs terribly, game-breaking glitches everywhere, and killing nazis just isn't as fun here as it should be."
76561198015453329,Recommended,256190,10427607,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,DeceiveR  326,GRAPHICS MISSING  PEOPLE MISSSING JUST SHOWING HANDS  WTF IS GOING ON  HALF OF STUFF APPEARING WHEN YOU GET TO IT ?????
,Not Recommended,256190,28052682,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Balkan Boy,2 naive
,Recommended,256190,11985914,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Solid Snake,Do  not buy this or any toehr CI game. you will waste your money and be let down by the game play. sure it looks good in screen shots but it plays like crap as do all of their games. they never update them and they never fix them
,Not Recommended,256190,29710840,Posted: 4 February,all,『Yoshi278』,"I tried so, so, so hard to like this game but I can't. Just avoid it at all costs."
,Not Recommended,256190,12338893,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,IronWolve,"WTF?!! Dead servers? I get this game for the ""awesome mp action"" and the servers are dead?Really, I was robbed.  ROBBED.  I should get my money back, buy a MultiPlayer game and no multiplayer.Sickening, game hasnt even been out for a year.  Wanted some quick WW2 fps, single player looks ok, but MultiPlayer is simply not true..."
76561198400226892,Not Recommended,256190,33674327,Posted: 20 July,all,SiO2,Garbage . A game which is waste time .
76561197970945648,Not Recommended,256190,13036882,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,FreqShow,"This game really has nothing going for it. A very simple, LOW budget, repetative, ""B"" movie type game. If it was the only game I had left on earth to play, I would go outside instead and stare at the sun untill I went blind."
,Not Recommended,256190,10425639,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,THICC BUTT,"Get world at war instead, this game is a joke"
,Not Recommended,256190,10421056,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Unmutual,"Within my 30 minutes of playing, I have crashed to desktop 7 times. Enjoy wonderful multiplayer maps with missing textures and let's not forget those wonderful pre-order weapons! Just don't try to use any of the scopes on the rifles, whenever I try to use them, I crash to desktop...Not only that, but the game seems to enjoy spawning bots that fall from the sky, then disappear, in multiplayer.Amazing great WWII experience great fun for the whole family!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=269560447I suppose all of the crashes to desktop, missing textures, and people falling from the sky are caused by my PC? That makes a lot of sense.http://i.imgur.com/GgIl7lU.pngI went to go try the game again, maybe see if I was just being jaded while playing the game...Nope! Guess I can't play today!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=269662599So I went to vent. Thought I would talk to my friends about this. No, I can't seem to do that either; Enemy Front likes to use your mic at all times, so don't plan on using Steam voice chat."
76561197993585102,Not Recommended,256190,10421329,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,[I-4]ComeGetSome,"played but a few minutes. 'started' a server to view the other maps. only 1 of the 4 - i think it's called barricades - feels ww2ish. no brecourt - no pavlov - no dawnville - no harbor (well, they have one but not really) - no hurtgen. just these small maps. from the trailers it makes you think different. no different than you basic modern day map. all the weapons are cool - but not sure what good a sniper rifle will do. maps too small. i played dm btw.sounds are awesome. no hand grenades that i could see. no rooftop access - i mean REAL rooftops. didnt see anything destructible (shot at a cardboard box on a table with a heavy caliber machine gun and not a dent). however - the 'distant' sounds aren't right. no matter where on the map the shooting is going on, it seems like its next to you. and the footsteps? sheesh...they're so loud.i was hoping for much more. if you're a gamer, you will know right off whether you like the feel or not. for me? i'm going back to verdun."
76561198276060333,Not Recommended,256190,29484992,Posted: 25 January,all,Vanski,"♥♥♥♥ this game, there were only one server online and four players playing!"
,Not Recommended,256190,24026277,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,TurtleHead,"This is by far the ♥♥♥♥♥iest game i have ever played in my entire life, altough graphic wise is alright, but in everything else the game is absolute gobshite, there is so much wrong with this game I would list it, but i can't be bothered."
76561198054887225,Not Recommended,256190,32807302,Posted: 26 June,all,[10-4] KicKaSS,"MEDIOCRE AMERICAN PROPGENDA, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T HERO♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've got it on sale (90% off) and still i regret my 1.79$ spent on this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,256190,12857168,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Kamerad Wolff ✠,have to give it a no and a yes so like a 5/10 but since its in its current state that even pro gaming PCs cant handle it i have to say no. but it has a great story great graphics and the lag is a easy fix. but still in a horrable state right now
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,256190,10430927,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"Enemy Front is a fps set in WW2, in between how bad the graphics are, with constant shaking, and tearing, blurring and over all choppiness. The working not working sound, bug and crashes, poor level design and amazingly stupid AI, this game is not worth your money. If you enjoy this game then good for you, but I can not accept a game that feels its okay to run at 24fps and is nothing but a lie. Thank you for watching for more reviews be sure to check out the channel herehttps://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyschohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0uzdAwZBuE&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpA"
76561198063130815,Not Recommended,256190,10422094,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,jbruck1722,"flush your money down the toilet its better spent in the sewer, utter garbage"
76561197977705598,Not Recommended,256190,33555996,Posted: 15 July,all,Mr. Taco (vinny),I would only recommend this game if you like to play ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games.
,Not Recommended,256190,12825082,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,[BigD] Buried Flatulence.,"Poor PC controls, too much lense flare, buggy/missing textures on sli machines. Feels like a poor quality port."
76561198008839829,Not Recommended,256190,10422480,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,mgraham243,Not Recommended total waste of money better games on a mobile phone.
,Recommended,256190,10422970,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Kvaki,OMG YES! Its Far Cry 3 WW2!!! Is that simple. Its Sexy and you know it *Clap your Hands*. You Don't own this game? Of course you dont know its Sexy because you don't own it! SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooo BUY IT!  <3
,Not Recommended,256190,24317615,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Bouillon,"I havent played much of this game and after dipping into it for roughly half an hour i really don't want to play anymore of it. I thought as it was a WW2 game a setting i truely adore that it would spark atleast some interest for me. I was very much wrong.This game really wants to be like far cry but ends up just falling flat on its face (minus open world), the gunplay is so bad that i was running around meleeing people as it was far more enjoyable watching the games ♥♥♥♥♥♥ engine try to register it as a kill. This game is a complete waste of anyones time and it really isnt worth £3 never mind its full retail price.Too sum it up with that £3 buy a cheese burger or two :)"
,Not Recommended,256190,26841062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nietzschan,Polish resistance was a joke and so is this game.
,Recommended,256190,10422149,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Kestis,Good game nice graphics I'll give 7/10
76561197970583375,Not Recommended,256190,22995227,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,[ArSe]Mr_Skinny,Terrible
,Not Recommended,256190,10421552,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Keweiler,"So bad Multiplayer feeling, lots of bugs, hitmarks is a joke.Have not tried Singelplayer yet, but is clearly disappointed with the multiplayer gameplay.The graphics are amazing! But the multiplayer needs alot of patches!Multiplayer? 2/10"
76561198193948637,Not Recommended,256190,33624575,Posted: 18 July,all,MrChief,The worst
,Not Recommended,256190,22772733,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Bald White Dude,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥FARTS IN A TIN CAN! This game makes me wanna suck start a shotgun. I would rather blow a♥♥♥♥♥♥then ever play this game. Give me the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥you got! I DONT CARE! This game makes me feel unamerican. If i were given the option to jerk off with sandpaper or play this game for 10 min i would double up on the sandpaper. This game is literally aids and i dont think there will ever be a cure. Save your money and just go suck off a homeless man. Would be much more entertaining and the replay value of a good♥♥♥♥♥♥is endless!
76561198127595590,Not Recommended,256190,34113756,Posted: 8 August,all,T H O T   P A T R O L,"The most bland shooter you'll ever play, they gave it a cool setting and stuff but somehow managed to mess that up like brown people messed up Sweden and Germany."
76561198080070815,Recommended,256190,10499401,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Jimmy Johns Glory Hole,like Far Cry 3 but WWII
76561198035459122,Recommended,256190,10608981,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,AnthemCG,"If you enjoy WWII shooters, this game is extremely enjoyable. The visuals are solid and the game-play is straightforward. The weapons feel pretty good and the option of stealth plus multiple paths is a fun addition. Don't come to this came looking for a mind-altering change to FPS formula but if you just want some good ol' fashioned WWII shooter, then this game is for you.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,256190,10614163,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,=EBS=TheProvokedPrawn,"There's no 'maybe' button for reviews, which is a shame as I can't decide on my feelings about this game. I love WW2 shooters, I love silenced Sten guns, Delisle carbines and shanking Nazi's. I hate playing as American superheroes - one man armies who can easily kill everyone in sight at the drop of a hat. MEH.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e02OfmgNOTg"
76561198076306779,Recommended,256190,10495019,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Siggi,"This game still needs alot of work, hope to see update soon"
76561197989789989,Recommended,256190,16947313,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,zd451,A very Goood Game.
76561198168728816,Recommended,256190,17995236,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,FPDX-Typh00n_03-Skinhub.com,good game
,Recommended,256190,18256721,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,jptagman,"WOW the graphics are awesome and looks very good, nice job taking advantage of the physics engine."
,Not Recommended,256190,17268469,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,rustypup,"Terrible production, littered with bugs.Don't do it. This game is barely functional. If a returns policy were in place this is probably the only title I'd consider worthy of the honour."
,Not Recommended,256190,10430177,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,DiZpel,"This game instantly reminded me of one of my favorite games, ""Medal of Honor: Allied Assault"". This game can be fun if you don't have high expectations. The game's description is somewhat more pretty than the actual game, in my opinion, but it's not a bad game at all, I just wouldn't call it good yet.I actually got this game for the multiplayer, so I'll be commenting that part. The reason was that this game has somewhat simple game mechanics, and it's similar to good old MoH (but of course, more advanced than MoH). To be honest, I kind of just wanted MoH with some upgrades. Is Enemy Front a replacement? In my opinion, no, or at least not yet.The 4 multiplayer maps in the game are sadly not as fun as the ones in MoH, and with max 12 players in a single game, it's unavoidable to miss out on some action in Team Deathmatch-games.With relatively good hardware (4 GHz i5 CPU, 16 GB RAM, HD 7970) I get around 60-70 fps on highest quality with 1080p, and around 40 fps with 1440p.The game's not without technical issues, and it's quite easy to tell that the game is not polished enough overall. Enemy Front version 1.0 has some annoying bugs and obvious flaws, making this version feel, look and sound like a beta build.Some of the issues I've encountered:- Default mouse sensitivity is way too high for my DeathAdder 3.5G mouse, and you cannot turn the setting low enough. Before I start the game, I set the sensitivity inside Synapse to 200.- When a gamepad is connected, the UI doesn't care whether I use it or just the mouse and keyboard. It will even vibrate in-game. Since there's no setting for this, I just physically disconnect the gamepad.- Using DirectX 9 instead of DirectX 11 causes your face to appear inside the gun, and blocks your view.- Basic game mechanics like running and using the iron sight doesn't feel right. Too often, I press the shift-key to run, but I don't start running until I release the key and re-press it. Likewise, there's a short but annoying delay after you stop using the iron sight, and you cannot start running immediately after you release the button.- Weapon sounds play for as long as you hold down the shoot-button. If you shoot and then immediately release the button, the sound simply cuts off, and since I like to save bullets, I sometimes don't even hear myself shooting, I just hear the bullet hitting something.- I always have a problem with hearing exactly where sounds (like shooting) are coming from. When I turn around to check it out, it's like the sound isn't coming from where I thought it came from. I haven't yet figured out whether this point is valid or not.- When trying to join another person's game, the game seems to start connecting, but I can usually not connect, and I'm kicked back to the main menu.- A few times in many rounds I play, the game freezes for 2-3 seconds.- While running (down stairs, for example), you may go slightly airborne and feel like you're floating for a bit.Some of the issues I mentioned are important to me, others aren't as important.The developers can fix this and and turn it into a game that has a multiplayer experience comparable to, or possibly as good as or better than the old MoH. This may be idealistic, but I'm imagining what wonders modding tools could do for this game. Would love to see custom game modes, maps, weapons, etc.I want to support the game developers financially because it has potential to become a much better game (great even) with our help.As long as the developers are willing to improve the game, I will moderately recommend it for the people who feels a certain nostalgia while looking at the game, and if you don't expect too much of the game in its current state.CryENGINE can't magically make a game good. If you're picky and want a great game, and if you worry about wasting your money, I suggest waiting; not until it becomes cheaper, but until the flaws are sorted out, at the very least.UPDATE:About a week after my review and 6 hours of gameplay, I haven't really felt like playing this game again (multiplayer), but I look forward to a future game-update.UPDATE 2:Seeing that this game is as ""good"" as it was when I reviewed in June  2014, I feel too ashamed to actually recommend anyone to purchase it today. I really had hopes for this game."
76561198049989110,Recommended,256190,17584486,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Wisardi,"Good game! Finally, long time I waited a game from WW era and its finally"
,Recommended,256190,17482075,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,dccamsari,Poor man's Call of Duty.
76561197996051698,Not Recommended,256190,19797586,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Biggus Dickus,"I'm giving this a not recommended rating, but at a low enough price i'd say its worth buying.Enemy FrontWhat is Enemy Front all about? I've only got 1.2 hours on my play time, i've actually played more as I played a copy on a different account for some time, but not much more. With that said, it's still true I haven't played the game much. I only really play it when i'm in a very specific mood for a WW2 FPS, and that isn't too often. Enemy Front has a cool idea for a setting, the Warsaw uprising and rebellion during Nazi occupation, but it frankly doesn't do much to flesh out this potentially excellent setting. That's about the biggest problem with Enemy Front, nearly all of it's good ideas aren't well excecuted or are just barely good enough to be passable. Missions typically play out with a fairly decent stealth system that is plagued by bad AI and bugs. It also has a good selection of pain-stakingly detailed WW2 weapons, one of the things Enemy Front does really well. You'll sneak around, steathily dispatching Nazis, until things go south. At that point the gunplay comes to the forefront and it's a very mixed bag. So, with that said, here are the pros and cons.ProsEnemy front isn't entirely awful. In some regards its terrible, but in some aspects it's quite well done. The stealth focused missions give a nice feeling of freedom, and the guns do feel very good to use when things go south. However, the gunplay is hindered by the poor AI and killing enemies in this game with guns just doesn't feel very satisfying. Enemies just kind of slump over in a rather unexciting way, often bugging out or glitch through scenery. It just doesn't feel right. But this is the pros, not the cons. There's a very good selection of guns and they are very detailed and have good sound effects. Actually, the sound design in general is fairly solid. Besides the voice acting, this game has quality sound. The graphics are by no means spectacular, but they are generally solid. The WW2 setting is recreated well and feels authentic. The level's are fairly well designed from what i've played and are fairly open for exploration and for stealth gameplay. The stealth system works mostly as expected and is rather satisfying at times. If not for the bad AI, this stealth system could possible carry the game, but with all the previously mentioned problems it holds the system back.- Good stealth system- Authentic WW2 weapons and a good selection of them- Decent graphical fidelity and decent performance- Solid sound design in all regards but the voice acting- Solid level design with lots of stealth and exploration- Interesting setting- Authentic WW2 levelsConsThe cons list is roughly even with the pros, which is essentially what makes up Enemy Front as a whole. It's a 50/50 experience with about half good and half bad on the whole. The voice acting is pretty bad, not attrocious, but not good enough to carry the weight of this story and setting. The Warsaw uprising makes for a great story, but this game relatively squanders it and doesn't make much use of it. As a result, this game doesn't feel much different than a typical WW2 FPS. The only thing setting it apart is its stealth system, but sadly the terrible AI detracts from the system in a major way. The AI often stands in the open or doesn't properly use cover in most cases. In addition to that, there are numerous glitches, far too many for even a small time release such as this. The combat feels rather unsatisfying as a result of the bad AI, glitches, and just general lack of a visceral feeling to the gunplay. Stealth runs can often be blown by seemingly nothing and other times the AI can be so stupid that it'll ignore you shooting a friend in the head, acting as if nothing has happened. When the stealth system works properly it can be satisfying, but this is pretty uncommon for it to fire on all cylinders.- Bad voice acting- Little mission variety- Terrible AI- Unsatisfying gunplay- Too many glitches and bugs- Lackluster, boring storyThe Final VerdictEnemy Front is just one big mixed bag. It has serious ups and downs and squanders a lot of it's best aspects. Between the broken AI and glitchy nature of the game, its rare to see the game at it's best, with everything working like it should. When the game actually goes as it should, it can be a pretty solid WW2 shooter. But sadly, that's really the best the game can be is merely solid. Even at it's high points, its nothing more than a decent, mostly generic WW2 FPS. Is it worth buying? At full price, I'd say no, definitely not. At a discounted price? I'd say yeah, but at least half off or more. I think I payed $15 for this game or $10 and frankly I expected better, but I'd say I got what I payed for. If you love WW2 like me, and you've been Jonesing for a return of WW2 shooters, then you just may find something to like in this game. Otherwise, if you're just a lover of shooters or just looking for a fun game, i'd say look elsewhere as this game is only going to really appeal to a specific group of people.Enemy Front is a good idea for a WW2 shooter, but it's sadly a squandered idea and most of its best mechanics are ruined by other bad or broken mechanics that interfere with the few good systems in this game.5/10"
76561198076857641,Not Recommended,256190,20235226,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,#kränkt,"Atleast the uninstall button works.Oh, and the refund worked! :)"
76561198047364484,Recommended,256190,19397634,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Fluffe,"This is the story of how the Polish resistance achieved victory in their monumental struggle against their Nazi oppressors because they had an American on their side. This untrained American reporter also travels around helping French and Norwegian partisans because he wants to be famous or something.He uses his regenerating health and some rudimentary stealth mechanics to accomplish the impossible – killing some braindamaged German soldiers. All the while he has to wrestle with far more personal foes: a total lack of personality as well as his arsenal switching to the default weapons every fifteen minutes.On his generic and contrived adventure our hero discovers that the French and Norwegians have a high standard of living, as their countries don’t consist of restrictingly linear corridors like Warsaw does. And when he kicks open a door and goes into scripted bullet time for the fifth time, he has time to reflect on his epic battle against these Germans who are the only people in Europe not required to speak English for his benefit. And he thinks: “This is kinda fun, I guess. But I wouldn’t pay 29,99€ for the experience.”"
76561197989161915,Not Recommended,256190,18882095,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Emilio64,"Overall this game is bad even if one finds a few qualities:Negatives points :Maps are poor and not diversified .time to play is too short : approximately 5-6 hours to finish the game, poorly explained bonus, I have found it by chance and no one has any desire to look forLow-enriched secondary objectives. Not enough kind of weapons , a ""fake"" open world. Undiversified German uniforms.to assassin someone is too long and  you are spotted very quick so , AI smokes weed everyday, very badly exploited senario, dubbing extremely bad, secondary character not at all endearing. Infiltration mode is useless.Positives points: Sounds immersive weapons noise, sniper slow motion quite sympathetic, beautiful graphics, this ""fake "" open world.Do not buy less than 15 euros, a game of same style but extremely better: ""Commando Strike Force"""
76561197983140368,Recommended,256190,18955477,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Gorgutz 'eadhunta,"A lot of people tend to bash this game around but I for one like it, The graphics are very nice and the gameplay is surprisingly fluid. It also has more variety to the single player mode then the traditional WW2 shooters. The unique weapons like the Welrod and the Des Lisle carbine are a nice bonus too."
76561198036574576,Recommended,256190,19636034,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,gorath0,"Although not perfect, ""Enemy Front"" is still a nice game. There are plenty of WWII tunnel shooters around, but this one revives memories of the first instalments of CoD or MoH series. Playing as a partisan is definitely something new and exciting - sniping and stealth sections add some variety to the genre. Background story isn't very inventive and serves mainly as an excuse to throw protagonist into different locations - which are, by the way, well-designed and challenging. I liked Norway and Poland the most. Graphic is excellent. Occasional glitches don't spoil the fun. I recommend."
,Not Recommended,256190,19826474,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,ActionOfLost,"5/10 ""Mediocre""Run of the mill WWII FPSUps:Look good in the CryengineA view on a part of WWII not explored beforeDowns:Really generic shooterNo clear visibility on health statusStealth mechanic are barebonePrice is way to high for the content4 hours campaign"
76561198158938940,Recommended,256190,19835584,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Ltm1900,"I kind of know how good/bad this game is at the first second I get the control. It wasn't very pleasant since the movement is not smooth enough and not easy to aim while shooting. I choose normal difficulty and AI is not smart enough- they usually stay at the same place doing nothing, just waiting for you to take them down.The reason I gave it a Yes is the way playing- rather than FPS game, I take it as a stealth game, that actually makes the game more fun- since the game give you a bar of enemies alert level you could kind of play it avoid anyone's notice, And when I got the sniper rifle I turned it to sniper elite game- though this one is not designed for sniper only but a sniper rifle is always my favorite. but the reload time is almost unbearable.Okay I only played 45 min. for a discount price of 5.99, I'd say I'll keep it and see if I could continue play stealth/sniper mode lol."
76561198075557773,Recommended,256190,19836636,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,AustinWii,"Firstly I would like to say that I don't know why so many people hate this game. Besides some minor glitches and some crashes that people may get. The game is fantastic in my opinion, the artwork of the towns, weapons, and uniforms are spot on and they were not rushed like some other games. The uniforms on enemy soldiers, are highly detail showing every badge, patch, and detail on them. The towns are amazing, the mountains in the distance look so realistic. The gameplay is fine in my opinion, it all works well and is also realistic. The storyline, which is a big factor in this game, is very easy to follow. It is a believing storyline, which also gives you a taste of the resistance fighters of WWII. I have yet to see any other game that covered a storyline of people of the resistice factor of the war. So all in all, I highly recommend this game if you are looking for a realistic, correctly detailed features, and a great WWII FPS. Thanks for reading, I hope this was healpful."
76561197995707284,Recommended,256190,20645546,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Scum,"I voted yes, but that's at the 9.99 that I paid.  I could not recommend this at full price.  If you get it on sale and don’t mind linear missions like the original call of duty, then I think it is worth a play through (don’t even consider multiplayer, it’s dead). The graphics are pretty good, I like the slow-motion looking loading screen, which is good, because the game takes a long time to load.  Check points are poorly done, and some missions, you have to figure out what they want you to do or you will lose a few times.Example, one mission, you are tasked with defending a point.  Germans will send waves of infantry, halftracks, and a couple of tanks.  You have limited ammo.  The first time I played, I used my rocket launcher and grenades freely and found that, even though I had killed all the Germans, and defeated all the waves, I could not win because I could not destroy the remaining half-track (even though I could walk around it freely) because I had run out of explosive ammo.I did like the story line.  Being a part of the Polish resistance in Warsaw was quite effective at bringing the “War is Hell” feeling to the game.  When the Germans shoot civilians, you find you want to take them out with more emotions than most games of this genre.  The radio broadcasts “This is Warsaw calling all free nations” becomes almost haunting by games end.Get it cheap, play on the hardest level (the rest are too easy), and a few entertaining hours are to be had."
76561198154940453,Recommended,256190,20571195,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,tomas.j.vavro,"The game is strange in many ways. I mean it's like someone gave you the very best racing car in the world for a surprisingly little amount of money. You're so hyped about it that you wanna give it a ride immediately. So you open the driver's door only to find out that there is no steering wheel.I mean the visuals are good, the missions are divers. The story was rather mediocre, though. The game could have put much more emphasis on the narration.In my humble opinion the developers got ""inspired"" by so many other games' good ideas that in some moments of the gameplay I felt like I've already played it some time in the past just to figure out that it reminds me of certain parts of Call Of Duty, Crysis, etc.Nonetheless, there were some surprisingly entertaining moments. For instance, how often does any other game let you destroy a bunch of Nazi V2 rockets? And I shouldn't forget to mention trench guns which are really fun to use, especially when you're fighting through a building on fire.My overall feelings are very mixed. Personally, I don't care about multiplayer and I only have experienced one crash, but the gameplay felt somewhat confused and messy. Moreover, I did not enjoy the narrative.Nevertheless, mission are fun to play. Is it worth it?Well, if the game is on sale for about half the price, go for it. Because if you want to play a remarkable WW2 FPS game, you'll only get a half of your expectations fullfilled.So why do I recommed the game after all these rants? Well, the V2 mission as well as the last Warsaw mission were some serious and very bloody fun."
76561198089775115,Recommended,256190,18704461,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,rjheard,THIS IS THE  BEST GAME I HAVE PLAYED FOR SOME TIME  AND I HAVE 80 GAMES . hopeing steam come out enemy fron  2 i welBUY  it fasts HPE YOU COME OUT GAME 2
,Recommended,256190,10441898,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,MrFizzy,"Very good game, buy"
,Recommended,256190,18678034,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,bendajo,Good Game 9/10
76561198052359361,Not Recommended,256190,18819749,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,MagicBlaze The Insane,Waste of Money.Graphics are great the rest is not. More bugs that are known on earth exsist.I love the ideas in the game and some elements taken from sniper elite series but this game was clearly rushed NOT finished and needs help to be fixed.
,Not Recommended,256190,18852356,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,NuckFChorris,Not well optimized for 4K. I go from 90fps at 1440p to 30fps at 4K.
76561198032260218,Recommended,256190,18828992,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,mike,"worth the price, 4.99."
76561197988077759,Recommended,256190,18901395,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,danny_maland,"I have to respect CI Games for having a big vision for this game. It definitely has more depth than some other modern shooters I've played.It IS good - but it's not great.There are plenty of little, essentially nitpicky things I could say, but what really stands out to me is that the game subverts its own stealth mechanics.What I mean is that the stealth elements are there, and they do basically work, but the metagame doesn't reward them very well. Stealth combat is all about patience, planning, and deliberate action. The problem with ""Enemy Front"" is that the widely spaced checkpoints tend to dis-incentivize taking the time necessary for stealth to really work. If you make a mistake and suffer a death, you can get handed a really large setback. On the whole, you're much better off taking a middle approach of being overt about combat, but keeping your distance and using cover. You're much less likely to get cornered and killed, and you'll be moving along at a good clip instead of crawling along...only to get killed and then have to make the same, slow, grinding crawl all over again.This major issue, combined with some rough edges, drops ""Enemy Front"" down rather close to my threshold of ""Recommended."" It's a ""Maybe."" I appreciate what I can imagine what went into the development, but I can't say that this game is a must-play for anyone and everyone."
76561197972444629,Not Recommended,256190,18961330,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Ray,What a POS.  It crashes in the menu.   Unplayable.
76561198050624218,Recommended,256190,18935096,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,BillyBozarth,"Pros:Good graphics and nice scenery.Nice setting especially in France.Has some cool features like hostage taking, silent knifing, bullet time ect…Nice selection of weapons.Cons:What a glitchy mess. The game crashes or freezes practically after every chapter.Very linear game. A to B and when there are optional objectives you get no rewards for completing them.They tried to implement stealth but failed. Basically you are punished for doing anything but run and gun.The story line is pathetic.Obnoxious missions that require holding the line with infinite spawning enemies until you complete the objective.Summary:If you need to play a WW2 game and want pretty decent graphics then give it a try. I would not pay full price for it EVER. But on sale for $5-$10 I would say its worth it."
,Recommended,256190,19274480,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Mr. Cosmetic,"""Enemy Front"" is a rather decent game. However, it did have the potential to be somewhat of a success, which it can still be if people go onto the game every once in a while.One day... just one day, this game will be revived by its community. One day...Other than that, I would recommend it."
76561198022039830,Recommended,256190,19375101,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Monroe,"This game attempted to revive WWII FPS with marginal results. Its worth buying, yes, but only in a steam sale. You got a solid 6 hour campaign, that's too small in my book but that's what we've kind of grown used to in the FPS market. These companies hope that their multiple player will carry their game and focus time on that when in reality adding a coop mode would have been better and adding 3ish more hours. I'm sure they have plenty of really great looking multiple player maps but we'll never see them because these games never garner any kind of multiple player community.The levels are all beautifully rendered and the voice acting was really good. The storyline was choppy with jumping around. You start in Poland then flash to France where you meet this potential love interest then you never return to her and then all of a sudden you're back in Poland then Norway and then Poland then in Germany to end in Poland. If that sentence confused you, now imagine the storyline. You wouldn't read a book that every chapter was out of order and you wouldn't watch a (non-indie) movie where the plot jumped around so why did the developers think you'd want to play a game like that? They should have focused in maybe two of the locations Warsaw and France. I'm all for starting in the middle in a story- en medias reas - but it works in the classic literature because they only do it once. This jumping around wasn't needed.As far as gameplay all the weapons are too accurate- besides the sniper rifle. That goes for the weapons you shoot as the player and the enemy. Often I would get Germans shooting through concealment to hit me when I couldn't see them and they shouldn't have been able to see me. I remember getting hit by a guy who only had about an inch gap to shoot through. Also, your character is horrible at throwing things. I burned myself to death a few times throwing a molotov out of a doorway only to have it splatter on the doorframe.Like I said above though, the levels are solid, the game play is fast pace and not dull and I have to say again, the voice acting was very good. it just fell flat because the storyline looked like someone mixed the level orders up."
,Not Recommended,256190,20834021,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Jersey,"This game is just one more of your average nazi shoot um up games that have been flooding the gaming world for longest time, nothing makes this game stand out and I am so glad I got it on the wintersale and did not pay full price for the game. I do no recommend this game to anyone."
76561197970422849,Recommended,256190,16209686,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,terminator,good game recommended
,Recommended,256190,16434799,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MadV,"When a game tries to implement the best parts of every other game in it's genre, but forgets to actually polish the gameplay, you end up with a disaster. Enemy Front has the sniper ballistics from Sniper Elite, the gunplay from Call of Duty,  and the lense flare from Battlefield 3. Sounds like it could be a reciper for a lot of fun (except for the fricking BF3 lighting glare/lens flare), but it's not. The game is so glitchy and unpolished, it feels like a beta version of most other FPS'.Is it worth the time? Sure, ignore the glitchiness and it's a mindless and (mostly)fun shooter....But it's not worth the money.  I'd wait for a sale before shelling out for this game."
76561197968546709,Recommended,256190,16868609,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Toth Amon,"Good FPS, good graphics and a lot of missions on the singleplayer. Something I play when others at home are streaming Netflix and I can't play CSGO. The load times are a little excessive. Might be a strain on weak computer, but you could set the graphics lowers and it might be OK."
,Recommended,256190,16805072,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,✪ youtube.com/chaky5343,"The multiplayer sucks, but the campaign is very good.Original game, nice to see WW2 from another perspective.Definetly worth the cost, i would definetly buy this game again."
,Recommended,256190,16232455,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,TheKrimzonDemon©,"I do recommend this, but it comes with some caveats. The game is fun, not really immersive, but fun. The graphics are decent, not mind blowing, but it's easily the best looking WW2 shooter there is. While it IS a WW2 shooter, it isn't a classic one, the closest thing to it would be MoH:Underground for the Playstation, way back in the day. There a few things that are really off about the game: The first is it's supposed to have stealth as part of what it's about, but stealth is 100% not gonna happen, enemies see you when they shouldn't, and the don't when they should. The second is the ability to throw rocks to distract enemies. It doesn't work, the actual game mechanic for that action simply doesn't work right. Far Cry 3 and 4 got it right, 3 more than 4, but even 4 is worlds above where EF is at with that very important game mechanic. The cross hairs are, to me, really...odd. They don't fit the weapons, and so don't fit the game. The player is only able to toggle iron sights, I've found no way to actually hold iron sights without staying on the mouse button. Unlike almost every game out there now, the player can't go prone. The player CAN, though, do crouch slides, which is becoming a ""thing"", Wolfenstein's last two entries feature it, in fact it's a must in those games, you can't play the game without that mechanic.This title does a few things really well, a lot mediocre, and some things really badly. It IS only 30$USD right now, I believe I may have paid less for it, but I'd have to check to be certain. My feeling is it's not a AAA title, but then, as a rule, City Interactive games aren't. They are, though in my experience, a fun way to pass the time, and they tend to have an actual story, which is really missing from most shooters. The story isn't always great, but at least it's not a CoD story.Couple other things to really note: It's billed as, in essence, a WW2 shooter built with today's technology, but when you look at the SysReq, that couldn't be further from reality. Athlon 64 x2 cpu, Intel Core Duo cpu, Direct X 9, and a graphics card with just 512MB of RAM. Even for MinSpecs, that's pretty much not going to work in today's gaming, which is why just about any even remotely decent card has at least 1GB DDR5 RAM, the industry standard is really getting to be 2GB, and a LOT fo gamers have cards with 4GB, because they've become much more afordable.In the end, if you enjoy WW2 themed games, enjoy living a story of that magnitude from well before your time, then it isn't a bad title to pick up. Keep in mind, though, what you're getting, what it does, and the developer who makes it. Reasonably, I'd say pick it up when on sale, for 20$ or less. I haven't tried the multiplayer, I don't even know, as of writing this, if it even works. Lol.Overall, 6.5/10."
76561198000888249,Recommended,256190,16119903,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,stellan_f,So far so good!
,Not Recommended,256190,14782906,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Antonius Candidus,This game did not fulfil my expectations of a modernized kind of an old-school ww2 fps with a thrilling atmosphere and enjoyable multiplayer. This game delivers part of it but not much especially for the price tag it has. Especially the multiplayer is bad. Not that the single player would be brilliantly better.
76561198133790616,Recommended,256190,14025419,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Matt,i got some problem in luncher game..invalid parameter in CRT funtion...is cryengine how do i fix it?i love this game...but i can't play...after buy then finish the download....got this problem come out..
,Recommended,256190,14923151,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Zlegoguy,"I recommend that any fan of WW2 try this game out, though I would pick it up during a sale as it is a little un-polished. Recommend buying @ $15 or lower."
,Not Recommended,256190,15045187,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"The developers should finally hire the decent game writer, because it hurts to see the promising games being constantly ruined by the awkward, amateur writing. As the result, the gameplay here is not very entertaining and the plot is non expressive. A couple of shocking moments sure evoke strong emotions, but it's sadly not enough.Also it feels like the game engine is not being used to it's full potential.Generally speaking, the game wants, struggles to be better, but doesn't know how to do that and ends up stepping on the same rake again."
76561198046833409,Recommended,256190,21223902,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Admiralbuttercrust,"Its really good for what it is. All It needs is a quick save option, prone ability, and maybe a little better story telling (the story itself is good). I sometimes cant tell when i'm playing a flashback or not."
76561198078592487,Recommended,256190,21140203,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,jmaple_jeffmaple,I loved playing the game!  Playing It felt like participating in history; being part of a story.  The game also constantly gives the player choices that genuinely affect where play goes.  Participating in group battles during the Warsaw uprising of 1944 you have choices as to what role you are going to play in them and your choices have an actual impact on what happens in those fights.  I finished the game and immediately went to Steam to look for DLC to play.  Do yourself a favor and get this game!
,Recommended,256190,21118337,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,[Redux] Ryan Covolski,its kind of a cartoony shooter
76561198057230495,Recommended,256190,21742971,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Testocleez,"Enemy Front is a casual, artfully rendered Nazi-killing funtime. The gameplay is easy and the story is slightly cheesy, but I  enjoy the immersion in this significant historical time. I am compelled to write my first ever Steam review for this game (and I am playing some awesome games these days!), because it is a shame that it has mixed reviews. I waited 6 months for it to go on sale, before I finally puchased it. I think if you take Enemy Front for what it says it is, and for what most of the positive reviews say it is, you will not be disappointed. The ONLY reason it might be slightly overpriced is because of the short length of the story.7.5/10"
76561198090436247,Not Recommended,256190,21897411,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,vampirehunk,worked b4 now won't open to play
76561198027322978,Recommended,256190,21857897,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Sgt. Rock,"Very good in single player mode.  Linear story line but always several ways to get to where you need to go, and if you're into wandering around and checking out the various rooms/fields/etc., they put a lot of time into the details of places you don't really have to go to.  A rare game these days that lets you play at your own pace.  Recommended."
,Recommended,256190,21845731,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Pte. W. Winters,Really a fantastic game with so much potential. Pity the uptake seems a bit slow
76561198040906952,Not Recommended,256190,20997819,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,DeanB,"Scripted, linear gameplay severely limits your exploration around the world. Game consistently crashes at certain points in the game, leaving you unable to progress past that point. Very disappointed in this title. Definately don't recommend."
,Not Recommended,256190,24798162,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Nykolas,"This game looks good so that's a positive, the gameplay is somewhat satisfying but that's all the positive things I could find, The AI is probably the worst I've ever seen and There as many bugs as a pre-Alpha and some of them are game breaking making you have to start the level all over again, the Graphics are very good so that's good but the Lens flare and the Bloom and Instagram filter makes it so god damn hard to see your enemy, it's a cool concept to fight the war from the view of the resistance of France but other then that the story is S***, your friendly AI will act like they are shooting the enemies so you get to kill them all, some of them literally were just pointing their fingers and acting like they have a weapon when they do not, I end up losing my targets withing seconds of seeing them cause of the lens flares EVREYWHERE!, my most frustrating moment was when I was forced to use a sniper, I'm a good shot generally speaking but the scopes in this game are pretty much just a magnifier, there is nothing that tells you where your bullet is going and before you ask there is no bullet drop or drag so it would make sense to have a cross or something like any other games with snipers, Real ww2 snipers did not have scopes that horrible, in general this game is not worth a full playthrough, within the first hour you will have experienced everything the game has to offer and the rest is just repetition of shooting AI's that will just stand there as you shoot at them. I get it, it's not a triple A game but this is not worth being a full released game, it should be on steam early access and 1 thing that might of saved this game would be if the devs actually fixed stuff but no, the game has pretty much no support after lunch, there were a few updates from what I see but doesn't change the fact that the game is barely playable and sometimes not even.Thanks for reading my review of Enemy FrontNykolas,"
76561198110540522,Not Recommended,256190,24876471,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SiberianWind,"Graphics on this game are quite nice and colorfull with details. But there ends all good things! Just the idea of game makes me cringe. Poland people need one, just one american to save them. No one else is good to this job, it have to be american.AI is sometimes ridiculous and enemies randomly dissappear while they still shoot you. How fun is that? Every mission is just reaching to end and killing nazis on the way.  Dialog is sometimes cheesy and fact that every possible char seems to speak fluent english makes me facepalm....except nazis who seems to missed english lessons when they had change for it.  Music is pretty much...nothing to remember.If you want mindless action game where you dont want to focus on plot (since there is none), then go for this game ONLY when this on sale. I got my game with 2 euro (and even then my friend told me to refund this). This game is not worth full price."
76561198151791134,Recommended,256190,20078829,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,alexizax02,Its not funkcions multiplayer no buy.Singelplayer is good
76561197974517252,Not Recommended,256190,21108037,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Leo,"Graphics are sub par, its clearly a console port. The gameplay is bad as well, you can basically rambo through every level, you usually have to allies with you and if you do they don't do anything, the computer AI is very dumb also. I wouldn't recommend. CO2 singleplayer is 1000 times better than this. The story is horrible too, don't waste your money even if its on sale."
76561198032364103,Recommended,256190,21114227,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Darthmalgus,good to get a game about poland =)
76561197994769793,Recommended,256190,22248384,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,urvile,"It's a really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really budget version of Wolfenstein.It's overpriced at 30$It's really budget."
76561198086011924,Not Recommended,256190,22271041,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Grand Assassin4,I had hope for this game to be great. But sadly I didnt enjoy this game.
76561198049532453,Not Recommended,256190,22163608,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,imtimadator,I cannot express you to you how much I wanted to like this game. It crashed 5 times on me and after number five It wouldn't load my progress. Don't get this game. Nazi killing nestagia carrys you a few hours but can't make this game functional.
76561198201996733,Not Recommended,256190,21554426,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Echepolo,"Two hours were enough to understand that the only thing I am good at this game is uninstalling it. For the rest I get easily discovered by enemies during stealth actions, I get easily killed during combats and, since checkpoints are quite rare, I have to restart every time the level from the very beginning. I see two possible explanations : either this game is not meant for noobs like me or it is almost unplayable. Probably both ;)"
,Recommended,256190,25512050,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,HypeR:),"Great game,great graphics. But i haven't found anyone to play multiplayer with."
,Recommended,256190,25134004,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Desert Fox,Good story.Good action game but there are few weapons that were made before invading in Poland in 1939 like StG-44(1944) PPSH-41(1941) and SVT(1941)
,Recommended,256190,25534347,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Nosferatu,"This game is actually pretty good and highly underrated. It is very reminiscent of the earlier Call of Duty games set in World War Two, before they started the endless iterations of a modern crapshoot. Those who recal the old skool beauties should give this a try out of respect.It isn't a perfect title, but what game is these days with botched releases and micro-transactions? This game au contraire runs fairly fine, at least for me. The stealth mechanic is a bit odd to wrap your head around, but it does work if you figure it out. It is also completely optional! There might be some odd clipping or some stiff animations here and there, but nothing game breaking. The story and the acting isn't going to get an oscar either, but since when is that a deal breaker in these type of games?What you get is a very beautiful, buttery smooth running game with interesting guns, good combat mechanics. The screenshots really do it justice, but they might not reveal you get a varied journey through all of Europe with alternating scenery and some different gameplay accents every place.The price though is too high right now, but that's Steams money grabbing mentality, not the developers fault. If you can get it on sale or somewhere else buy it then or there.For eveybody who has nostalgia for killing nazi's and WWII: pick this up, you won't regret it!P.S. Multiplayer is dead, don't buy it for that unless you have lot's of friends!"
,Recommended,256190,25567744,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,daydr3am3r87,"I really don't get the bad reviews for this game. The game is OK.The story is the worst part of this game since it's not exactly what you would expect. It's decent but somehow cold and distant and it really doesn't make you feel you are part of the resistance.The gameplay is good, yet nothing special. There are elements found in the older Call of Duty games as well as in Sniper Elite V2. However, I was actually expecting something different since you are a journalist behind enemy lines but this is not the case.The sound effects and the soundtrack are good, and the graphics are quite OK.The game runs smoothly on older PCs (I played it on High on an 8 years old PC with Windows 10). The only thing that really annoyed me was the flare effect and the impossibility to deactivate. Unfortunately this can cause problems and framedrops on older and low-end PCs, especially when playing levels that require intensive video processing.In the end, I really enjoyed Enemy Front. It's not an impressive FPS game but compared to other WWII FPS games I can't actually call it ""average"" or ""mediocre"".7.5 / 10 potatoes from me."
,Recommended,256190,20453262,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Fritz da Kraut,if early COD and sniper elite had a uninspirational baby: it would be Enemy Front10/10
76561198006991104,Not Recommended,256190,16290267,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,stayfrostyalex,Tired and outdated
,Recommended,256190,16292365,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,joeschmoe,"It's ok, very short campaign........But I love WWII shooters....."
,Not Recommended,256190,16499224,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,freakygeeky,"Slow play. Single player only. Has a ""multiplayer"" browser but its is empty at all times. Waisted like $40 bucks on this.."
,Recommended,256190,16507995,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,NIXON,Not good neighter bad.. The music is so irritating. Graphics and general feel is good
76561198055033997,Recommended,256190,16476038,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jed the Viking,"I've killed an entire base filled with nazis, alone and as a news writer. I hope I'll get à medal for that. At least, I'll have good stories for my kids."
76561198203737067,Recommended,256190,25237929,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,CP_FRAG,Very generic but it's pretty fun. 6/10
76561198090360668,Recommended,256190,32733583,Posted: 24 June,all,Rommel,"This is one of the best looking WW2 games I have played. The graphics still rival new FPS's today. Although this games has an over all red 'mixed' review status, I have actually had a lot of fun on this game. But I would not get this game if you are interested in the stealth. The stealth is next to impossible with enemies having over 20/20 eyesight. Also, the enemie's patol patterns are not very forgiving. There have been times where there have been Germans protecting the entire perimeter with no where to slip by. The gun play is fine, although on some weapons, the sound doesn't play if you tap-fire (mainly an issue with SMG's). This is definately worth a buy, but only whilst on sale. You will mostly be getting this game for the singleplayer as MP is dead."
76561198091011036,Not Recommended,256190,32826171,Posted: 26 June,all,Explorer487,"Not a bad game overall. Though I think the Campaign had more potential than what was delivered. It's quite short, I got to the end credits abruptly and sat there going 'What..is that it?'. Great graphics though. Was fun playing the campaign for what it was, even though it only took three/four hours on max difficulty. It's a good game but I wouldn't reccomend it to someone looking for a story based FPS."
76561198157714404,Recommended,256190,32968457,Posted: 28 June,all,Apoc.alex,"This is a great game and worth a grab if its on sale. The story takes about 9 hours if you play it leisurely a replay for the harder difficulty achievement can get you a few more hours. However the multiplayer servers are empty which is a shame because it had potential. The graphics are beautiful, some of the guns are a bit ugly but they all sound pretty good. The stealth system is ok but the detection from enemys can be a bit too harsh. Im giving this game a 6/10 - i enjoyed it and may replay when im in the mood for a good WWII campaign, however it gave me no lasting impression other than a cute singleplayer game."
,Not Recommended,256190,28886490,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,KevinRizki,"I was really hoping to have found a pretty, fun, and rejuvenating WWII game here with Enemy Front, but I was wrong. Of the three things I listed above, it is closest to pretty. There are sections and areas of the game that are pretty (played the whole thing at 1440P Ultra, which runs smooth surprisingly). There are also sections that lack detail and kill the emersion. This along with the unintuitive objectives/level design makes your experience feel lacking. Throw in countless bugs and sections where you have to replay (usually a good ways back at the last checkpoint) and you want to uninstall the game. It could be great, and probably would have been if it was released 10 years ago, but not now."
,Recommended,256190,28881606,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,polystation12,"$3, get to shoot Nazis, thats all I need."
76561198045713282,Recommended,256190,29967121,Posted: 16 February,all,Ragedancer,"I'm definitely loving the game, very good looking graphically and lighting. The story is not as horrible as some may think. There are next to no games made about the Polish invasion and the resistance that happened. I'm glad this game shed light on it to a point. Hopefully it will influence other bigger companies to try and expand on this part of history. Maybe one of the bigger problems is that it didnt show the true nature of the suffering that truly occured. I want there to be parts where you are experiencing the sickening life that people lived. I wish the main character wasnt an American, but a true Polish citizen that ran from his country, but came back to help. I adore this game and recommend people to get it. If you're interested, I have a walkthrough going up on my youtube channel and explain my feelings more in depth in later videos."
76561198027980822,Recommended,256190,30030117,Posted: 19 February,all,elpolako,"If you're Polish then you need to get this game just so you can write PW on the walls after shooting dozens of Nazis.. It's not the best by all means, but it's an awesome game."
,Not Recommended,256190,29206884,Posted: 12 January,all,Hrschonemann,"No.,....No......No.....No.... Do I've to say no again? Then no..... And no. Just to be sure: NO!!!"
,Recommended,256190,30075835,Posted: 21 February,all,bGs,WW2 Dope story  (not exactly what was adverstised) but ... nevertheless a Great game !I recommend it for FPS enthusiasts & people who enjoy dropping Nazi's ! :D
76561198027370762,Not Recommended,256190,15541902,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Henkelainen,"TL;DR: Maybe when it's on sale, but not for 30£/$/€. Save yourself the disappointment and buyWolfenstein: The New Order, instead.Enemy Fronttries, it really does, but ultimately it's an awkward and unwieldy mess. The game borrows heavily from classics such asCall of DutyandMedal of Honor, but in-so-doing it fails to grasp what made those games great to begin with. The game does some things right, and then immediately fumbles and drops the ball. The first thing you'll notice is how great the game looks but how absolutely blinding the lighting is. Why is there so much bloom? What's with all the dirt on the screen? Was the game so easy that they had to obscure the enemies in order to make it more challenging? Maybe.Enemy Frontstarts out fairly awful, but gets markedly better towards the end. Assaulting a Norwegian fortress in the middle of a snowstorm is a lot of fun. Not to mention fighting off the Nazis from a Warsaw barricade in the middle of the night. These are the high-points of the game, but the lows are very low. If you enjoy poorly spaced checkpoints, getting stuck in terrain, and dying to no fault of your own, thenEnemy Frontis most definitely for you.The gun models are nice and so are the animations; the shooting is loud and satisfying. But the AI? Not so much. You can literally jump up and down, waving your arms about from across the battlefield, and the soldiers won't even notice. Sometimes, a shot will go whistling past their ear and they'll just keep on twiddling their thumbs.What about the story? It's alright, but here too you're left scratching your head. What's a journalist doing picking up the gun and fighting for the Resistance? Reporters are supposed to, well... report, not join in on the fighting. Even the game is conscious of this, as an npc outright asks you: “So, where did you learn to fight, newsman?” In Spain, is the answer. Literally. No further explanation given.The Warsaw Uprising is the very reason I picked this up. I liked that part of the game at least. But not the voice acting. It comes off pretty decent for some of the characters, but the rest are cringe-worthy, at best – especially the protagonist. He sounds half asleep most of the time, with no effort or emotion put into any of his lines. That leaves the music, which is pretty good. Occasionally, I felt like I was back playing the originalCall of Duty, but not for long.I wouldn't recommendEnemy Frontto anyone unless they were absolutely starved for a WWII shooter. The V-sync doesn't work, there's no FOV slider, and the AI is nowhere to be found."
76561198019714486,Recommended,256190,30140423,Posted: 24 February,all,Propane,"This game really combines a lot of great elements, a WW2 background, FPS action, realistic and beautiful visuals, a ""resistance"" perspective (which I had never seen before), a decent storyline taking you to different parts of Europe... It's not the best game ever, but definitely worth playing, especially if you want to explore a Company of Heroes world through an FPS :)"
76561198029037591,Recommended,256190,30207770,Posted: 26 February,all,Meechan,"*SINGLEPLAYER ONLY*A good game, but buy it when it's on sale! At the moment this game is £29.99 which honestly is about £20 too much. I think I bought it for about £2 on sale which is definitely worth it!It's a bit of a COD copy with all the basic FPS stuff. However the setting is interesting as you take part in several Partisan-style missions rather than the over-done missions like the D-Day landings etc. The settings allow for some more unique weapons and scenarios like ambushes and convoy attacks.The game has a semi-stealth element where you can throw rocks to distract enemies or sneak attack them/take them as a human shield.The game seems like a bit of a hybrid of WWII games. Think COD with some Sniper Elite included (slow mo sniper shots, ambient sounds covering your gun shots etc)There are some bugs but for me they mostly occured at points where your character closed a door adn their hand was out of sync with the actual door closing or something like that.In other words, not game breaking at all.In summary:ProsInteresting settings (Warsaw, somewhere in th French countryside)Unseen weapons (Lightning smg, WZ.1928 BAR gun copy)Different approaches to level sections (Run-and-Gun, stealth)Graphics are goodishConsVery pricey at £29.99Some minor glitchesPretty quick to finish the campaign (4.3 hours on 2nd difficulty)Most missions are similar i.e. go from A to BBonus objectives that don't mean anythingMeaningless collectablesConclusion:Buy it on sale at about £10 or less, but still a good game"
76561198067042689,Recommended,256190,30270551,Posted: 1 March,all,Regimentalbrother,"So many times I read about the snivellers and their comments about games like this. First of all, the comments regarding bugs and crashes...I can't relate...had none! People should know by now that everyone's rig is different so stop telling the world it's the game and face the fact your rig is the issue!! I loved this game, ok maybe not the best WWII shooter out there...but it's solid. I had a blast and I don't regret the purchase. Bottom line is this...get it when it's on sale and play the snot out of it! Stop comparing it to what you've palyed before and appreciate it for what it is all by itself! My only negative comment is...too bad the multiplayer is dead!"
,Recommended,256190,30350520,Posted: 5 March,all,mobiuscenturion,"This game gave me a bad first impression when I first played it on PS3. It had a TERRIBLE framerate. Sometimes the game would freeze outright. After beating the game, I was like, ""Good riddance."" But then the Steam version went on sale for $3. And I said, why not give this game a second chance? Did I regret it? Yes and no. Performance is MUCH better than the console versions. But it's still the same game with the same problems so I put it down an hour afterwards. I really wish I played this game on Steam first cause it is worth a playthrough.This game could have been something if more effort was put into it. Enemy Front explores the Polish Resistance, something which hasn't been explored in WW2 games, which is good. You are an American reporter writing about what's happening there, only to find yourself caught up in the war. Yet near the end of the game, you find yourself in Germany destroying factories and secret weapons singlehandedly. Like what are you, a reporter or a supersoldier? Voice acting is also bad, but this, the story and your character can be forgiven in a budget game. The gameplay is the main problem. Level design is good and mostly open-ended, you can tackle objectives in almost anyway you want. Stealth or guns-blazing? You decide. But the game gives no encouragement for stealth. I mean, you can mow down enemies easily anyway, so why do stealth? It's better to do guns-blazing. What the game should have done is to have a skill tree, where you can decide whether you want stealth abilities (like quieter movement) of combat abilities (like increased health), like Far Cry 3. And the AI is downright stupid. Every German will charge after you. They have little to no sense of hiding behind cover.Get it on sale. One playerthrough is enough. And even if you want to replay it, you'll want to just play only the levels where you fight in the streets of Warsaw."
76561198018016381,Recommended,256190,31362055,Posted: 25 April,all,budlite,reminds me of Call of duty in the eaeky days but the graphics are way upgraded. very fun to play and looking forward to future updates that will improve game play  I rate this game a 7 out of 10
76561198300305119,Recommended,256190,31473953,Posted: 30 April,all,Travis,One of the best among WW2 games.Awesome game.Awesome story. (especially Norwegian heavy water sabotage mission surprised me)Highly recommended.
76561197960683014,Recommended,256190,33847856,Posted: 27 July,all,Lt.SamPain,"even though they say it is open world and open ended, it is a linear ww2 shooter experience.i would say it is a good linear story driven mission based FPS, not great though.i was curious about what they did with the cry engine, i was expecting more openness in the levels. noce the less the artistic value is still good, i managed to put 7.7 hours in the single players which is not that bad for a story first person shooter, and for 3$ it is an incredible value.i would not have paid full price back  at release  as i would have expected more from the engine.i think there is a way to make ""open"" missions in a kind of semi- open world  levels , but this game did not deliverd it at all.i give it a fair 6/10 since i got it for cheap and it is fairly polished product."
76561198407077736,Recommended,256190,33892371,Posted: 29 July,all,BULLDOGTROLLER,buy it
,Not Recommended,256190,33894244,Posted: 29 July,all,˙pants,Crashes to desktop immediately...
,Recommended,256190,33867432,Posted: 28 July,all,UltimateLegend,"This game's graphics, sounds and battle mood is realistic but cinematic scenes very low quality."
76561198364093628,Recommended,256190,33863631,Posted: 28 July,all,FearsomeDeity22,"Very good story mode gameplay, worth the price if bought in a sale. Do not get this for multiplayer mode! 7/10"
76561198055285376,Recommended,256190,35074663,Posted: 19 September,all,GrantWoT,"A diamond in the rough, Enemy Front is an amazing WW2 FPS with great story and soundtrack. This game has a few bugs, but aside from that is wonderful. Solid 9/10"
76561198307716250,Recommended,256190,35087540,Posted: 20 September,all,MissFocus,"I see nazi, I buy"
76561197965046644,Not Recommended,256190,35108978,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"A okay World war 2 shooter but sadly has a bunch of issues and overall feel doesn't really keep me wanting more. The combat is very basic with nothing really special. The game does have a sneaking element to it, with enemies having a line of sight but most times you will go guns blazing as there is really no difference in regards to rewards and the challenge of going guns blazing is rather easier then sneaking around as you can just hide in a building and pick each enemy off as they enter.I was expecting a slight difference between sneaking and gunning like having alarms that keep spawning troops but in the end nothing really pushes you to be sneaky. A lot of the missions are also linear and straight forward. The Enemy a.i is basic or dumb as they will charge into your machine gun nest without a care and many times they will run back and forth between the same cover....or worst fight over one cover spot pushing their comrade out into the open.The story is okay at best but again nothing note worthy or new. A lot of times you going to feel a bit of been there and done that to it as your missions do feel like a bad re-run of the previous.Overall I recommend passing or picking this up cheap. It tried but sadly there is nothing really here that seperates it from other shooters in the same era."
76561198040750369,Not Recommended,256190,35126439,Posted: 22 September,all,Sir Reap,"In my oppinion this game is highly overrated in the discription of the game!Positives: It has a nice scenery with lots of details.BIG POSITIVE! the Germans acctually speaks German in game, sadly they speak English in all story-moviesNegative: No freedom at all (Yes you can choose once in while how you want to chance the outcome of the story) but otherwise your locked to storyline.Maps are classic Maze with no freedome to choose your own point of attack or attackstrategy.Gun sounds are horribleConclusion: As a big fan of WW2 games like Hidden and Dangerous, Company of Heroes and Heroes and Generals where you have the possibillty and freedom to plan a strategy and play it out on huge maps with space to flank the enemy etc.If you like Rambo-One man army- type of game this is a great game, but buy when on sale 2.99but at a gameplay point of view its just a new version of MOHAA nothing more to it.If you like FPS games that require more strategy than an itchy triggerfinger I recomend you to continue your search."
76561198223492608,Recommended,256190,35126725,Posted: 22 September,all,OG Hopkins,"I did not play multiplayer yet, but I played a bit of the single player campaing and here is what I thought of itPros:- Good voice acting- Easy to remember keybinds- Runs on crappy pc (like mine)- Has an ok story- Lets you choose sometimes (what gun your going to use, where you are going, etc.)Cons:- You need to use left ctrl and right ctrl, the thing is, loads of keyboards out there do not have right ctrl, so basically some people cannot choose and will always pick left ctrl, they should change it to mouse 1 and mouse 2"
76561198180698663,Recommended,256190,35129188,Posted: 22 September,all,megadarkk,"Pros:-good graphics and graphic options in main menu-AI is ok and will flank you etc:-optimization is good-rebindable keys (this is a big one personally)-havent finished, but looks like a long campaign for a fps of this type-sneak or ""go in loud"" gamplay choices during or before missionsCons:-cheesy commentary sometimes-mini map cant be shut off (correct me if wrong) (can see enemy positions) this takes away from the immersion big time and makes the game alot easier.-blood doesnt stay on walls etc: dead soldiers show no damage.In conclusion..if you liked the old Medal of honor games like frontline youll enjoy this i think."
,Not Recommended,256190,35140932,Posted: 22 September,all,zzwardog,In the first 30 mins into the game I couldn't find myself to play anymore. Don't listen to their description or videos the game is nothing like how they put it. It's an ok game I guess. A linear gallery shooter that isn't satifying to play. I Wouldn't spend the 30 for this it's not worth that much.
,Recommended,256190,35117045,Posted: 21 September,all,Highroad,"I bought this on sale for $2.99, which is a good price for what it is. The $30 normal pricetag is insane.Good:-Music-WW2 theme-Cool levelsBad:-Glitches out the♥♥♥♥♥(I throw a molotov while holding a sniper rifle, and suddenly I've got a submachine gun as my weapon after the throwing animation)-Boring, generic story-Horrible AI"
76561198190571534,Recommended,256190,35337237,Posted: 30 September,all,YanVaL,"Good game+Nice locations+/-Graphics (depends where)+Good singeplayer missions--AI-Almost dead multiplayer..I lauched game 3 times and one time i found the server.. but no more. I had luck that time.Something like Day of defeat but nicely.. with worse optimalization and slower gameplay.-Its short6,5/10+ Sale price"
76561197981965194,Recommended,256190,35398807,Posted: 1 October,all,Dannecus,"I liked the game, old scholl, WWII shooter. Plenty to critisise if that is what you want, but I enjoyed it for what it is. The story is ok, but the points where you get a choice of two paths are good. Some of the scenarios are quite tough on hardest mode, which made them more fun. I liked:You can only carry two weapons (plus pistol), more realistic than any gamesGuns were simple, no re-modelling or enhancements, just point, pull trigger, bangSome interesting guns that I have not seein in WWII shooters beforeScenery is detailed and plentifulThis is not a complex game with character development and deep back story, just running around, shooting, low stress, high fun."
,Recommended,256190,35294785,Posted: 29 September,all,Burn In Hell☭,"Is a fun game with a lot, aaa looot of glitches...i get it for 2.43$ and i am happy i didn't pay 29.99$Graphics are...goodthe NPCs are stupidNot a good storyBut i say:Yes."
76561198271395874,Not Recommended,256190,35310323,Posted: 29 September,all,TheUver,The save file of my game has disappeared on its own. What am I supposed to do with so many episodes?
,Recommended,256190,35313800,Posted: 29 September,all,Count Panzerfaust,"A decent depiction of an under represented event, This game is a decent, if not somewhat innacurate depiction of the Warsaw Uprisings.[Pros]-Various enviroments; The Cold Mountains of Norway, The destroyed streets of Warsaw, Poland, and the Hills of France.- Really good gunplay; The Weapons have weight, like, for instance, The SVT-40 has a very powerful kick to it, whilst the Kar-98 is like a lethal pellet rifle. However, I see the Mauser was apparently cut from the game, since the loading screens depict a Armia Krajowa Member with a Mauser C-96, it doesn't appear in game.-Varying battle enviroments; The tight corridors of warsaw buildings, or the open fields of france, perhaps you'd like to go through the hallways of a Nazi Headquarters and mow down anyone whom you see?[Cons]Somewhat stupid AI; The only AI that poses much of a threat are the Panzergrenadiers and snipers, the other 'variants' are borderline braindead.Long load times; could be just me, I'm not sure.Somewhat shallow characters; The protaganist is a bit shallow,as are most of the other characters, and I wish we could've heard a bit more, or at least played through, the protaganist's experiences in the Spanish Civil War."
76561198064286236,Recommended,256190,35492267,Posted: 5 October,all,Felix2Garin,So far good !
