user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,256290,12418379,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Kagamine,"Dear child,Tuck yourself in and listen to what I have to say.It is for those too, who have doubts with Uplay.When I first heard that a third party program needs to be installed,I thought 'It's too much a bother to be buying this at all'.But I was in love with the game as I was with Odin Sphere,so I researched and researched until all doubts were clear.It seems that Uplay has improved over the years,as told by a friend whom I very love so dear.After registering I instantly unravelledthat once I ticked 'auto login' it is never a hassle.Switch Uplay to offline mode so it won’t meddle.As confused as I was along the way,thorough research finally made me payand playing this game now makes my day.Child of Light is like a delightful bedtime story.You play as a little girl, very cute and dandy,though her arms are a little bit wobblyto be carrying a sword both sharp and pointy.What I really appreciate is the effort that they tookto make each and every sentence look so good.The beautiful world of Lemuria will captivate your eyes,with beautifully matched music as you zip through the sky.Bottom line be told,This game is made of gold.I did not regret buying it a single bit,and I’m writing this so that your path may be lit.Godspeed."
,Recommended,256290,13920732,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"+ Simple, intuitive controls (I used an XBOX 360 controller)+ Narrator has a lovely voice and does a fantastic job with her lines+ Stunning hand-painted visuals+ All dialogue rhymes; very clever way to tell a story+ There are some subtle attempts at comedy (some better than others); my favorite beinga certain character that cannot rhyme, and other characters become frustrated and correct her wording to better fall into the rhyming structure+ Beautiful, melodic and heartfelt soundtrack that really pulls you into the game's atmosphere+ The addition of your firefly friend makes combat feel interactive in more than the usual sense, and adds depth to your encounters+ Interruption mechanic makes timing very important; this does well to add another refreshing layer of challenge to encounters+ It cannot be said enough that the story is both charming and engaging+ Cut-scenes and injections of dialogue serve to complemet the pace of the game, rather than break it up unevenly- This title requires uPlay- This title requires uPlay- This title requires uPlay- 'Puzzles' are scarce, and are alarmingly easy; they may as well have not been included in the final productLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,256290,9977765,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,xoxoverdose,"Rustling through the beginning, with there already little details of hidden nooks and crannies, this game is astounding. I've only just begun and after the first boss it becomes so poignant I almost shed a tear. Fantastic writing on the poetic side. Beautiful animations. I cannot wait to get even further into the game. For the price this is a steal and a must play for any storytelling/poetry lovers and rpg fans (and even with a little girl as the protagonist I am enjoying the hell out of this)"
,Recommended,256290,9984593,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,snowdrop,"EssenceIf you want to play something that has amazing style, is über-cute without being childish in the wrong way, is a light platformer combined, very light puzzler, with a light rpg element with simple yet still interesting enough turn based combat in the style of Final Fantasy and many other games, then this is exactly what you have been waiting for. Especially for the low original price they're selling this gem on release - must be the best spent money pixel-for-pixel in it's genre.Child of Light is perhaps one of the best entry points I have encountered for many aspects of computer gaming, all wrapped up in an exclusive sheet of paper with close to perfect execution.SessionMe and an unexperienced friend that does not play computergames, 30 years old, played CoL for 6h straight. While being an avid gamer/developer myself I enjoy introducing other people to new experiences in the world of games, hence I controlled the wisp while he/she controlled the protagonist in a local co-op using gamepads on a 55"". We played the win-version from Steam.GOODVisualsCoL's style is a hand craftedtreatfor the eyes and looks like something taken directly from a printed high quality western fairy tale. While not for everyone the cuteness, fluidity and richly illustrated world will make most people instantly fall in love with what is presented: The aestehtics do not leave much to wish for.LanguageCoL is also written in the style of a rhyming childs book, which is just adorable.SoundVoice acting in form of story teller between certain events sound very good and fit right in. Voice acting is however not there for character dialogues, but the game does not suffer from it. Music is high-quality and well integrated with the mood of the scenes.DLCMany that seem to knownothingabout the game are whining about there being DLC:s released for it already and call it a rip off. Be insured that this is not the case at this current time.The DLC:s arenotwin-to-pay or antything that is actually needed or improves the game or it's flaws in any way. Some of the are cosmetics, while others give you basic stuff you are free tovery easilyfind in game through exploration used to buff your stats. Exploration is natural and not tedious or a punishment. I'd even claim that it's the other way around. (Compare it with if Nintendo  started to sell mushrooms for super mario games...)Lastly there is also one DLC that actually adds a quest and an unlockable party member: It is great that this is offered for those deeming it worthy and interesting to have that option. Yes, they could have incorporated all of this for the original price in the initial release of the game, but they didn't, maybe in order to cover for the low price of the game, or maybe because all of it is not needed at all in the game. Needless to say, the argument that x could be included since the start canalwaysbe used no matter how much the devs have put in originally. It seems people never get enough and also always complain when somebody offers options which they themselves are supposedly not intersted in.LESS GOODThe following points willnot matterfor the general publich that will play this game: The target group for CoL isnotrole playing nerds like myself coming from Dungeons & Dragons et.c. With that written, this might still be of interest for those of us that are experienced gamers as we will surely notice:EasyCoL is easy for experienced platyers if played on thecasualdifficulty setting: You can relax while playing and still enjoy it, but won't get any feel of urgency until you are at least more than eight hours into the storyline. There is however an option to change the difficulty toexpert. For non-gamers the casual settings is perfect though.ManualThe manual is minimalistic, takes 3 minutes to read, and explains only thevery basicsthat you would figure out yourself within a maximum of an hour of gameplay anyhow. It does not explain the more technical aspects of the game, like for example questions in the style of:""What is the size limits of a party?""""How is xp divided between party members if they (don't) participate in combat?""""How else is xp earned?""""What's the limitation in quality of what can be crafted?""My guess is developers don't care with manuals since the assume, quite correctly, that most people will never even open them and that the need of them is somewhat negated by in-game tutorials. While true to some extent, manuals are still something that I believe that we as gamers should demand when purchasing a game.MapThe quality of the in game map does not match the aesthetics or overall design of the rest of the game, nor is it's function sufficient even if the game isn't a maze or grandiose scope. It lacks local maps, zoom, and pretty much everythin you'd expect except fasttravel.Co-op: Local onlyWhy, oh why, is this not playble via the net when it's released 2014? Granted it wouldn't be used as a uniqe selling point, but still: If co-op is put in it should also offer the mode via the net even if playing with a person next to you is usually a nicer experience, should one be so lucky to have a gaming partner with the time and desire.Co-op: PassivityThe second player controlling the wisp has a clearly defined support role: He/she can heal, slow enemies, reach spaces easier, and is also indestructible. Issue is that the wisp seems to originally be anextended functionof the main character. It works excellent when being playing it as single player and adds to the game, but when another player is expected to control the wisp he/she will in most cases feelsomewhat limited and passivein relation to player 1 that controls the princess. Hence I do not recommend any gamer to actually play as the wisp.On the other hand, this could also be a good thing if one wants to introduce a person to the world of games - letting them play a limited role will not overwhelm them, and can maybe lead to more curiosity and the urge to control the main character instead eventually.Party sizeWhen in turn based combat mode you never control more than 2 characters (ok, 3 including the semi-passive wisp..) from your party even  in cases where your party size exceeds that number. There is also a similar limitation to the amount of enemies you may encounter at the same time. Part of this is solvable by the function that allows you to call in and swap out one party member for another during any point in the combat (will count as an action though), so there is still ways to adapt and save party members.I'm not sure this has to be something bad even though I am sure many will percieve it that way. Personally I don't think ""more of the same"" and quantities of anything improves a game. In part the limited hero pool in combat even encourages the wiser use of tactics.U-playYups, you need to have it installed. Steam is not enough. Only thing good with this is that you will actually unlock extra fluff and game content in UPlay for the game by just playing it and completing quests."
,Recommended,256290,23679239,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,toshex,"A game so sweetto let go you shall resistand though you know me notyou must try it, I demand!*he means insist*A tale about a girl that's sweetin a land where various creatures she will meetto find a way home, and save her kin- a story-line you certainly have already seen.But amidst what you know, and have already tried in tasteyou will find an enchanting graphics and a gameplay well paced.Though not overly complex or ridiculously hardit is such a sweet treat - this game will grow to your heart."
,Recommended,256290,18822200,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Butt Man,"Child of Light Review""The Princess of Lemuria""Child of Light is a RPG produced by Ubisoft Montreál, released in April of 2014. In this game you embark in a journey, playing as Aurora, a young princess whose soul is brought to the Kingdom of Lemuria. On this journey, you will have to recover the three sources of light and defeat the Black Queen in order to restore the Kingdom of Lemuria.GameplayIn terms of gameplay it is a good game but nothing impressive. The combat mechanics are pretty simple. However, you need to think you actions well in order to act in the best and fastest way as possible. At the start you will be a ""lone wolf"", but with time you will find many interesting and strong allies which will help you, by forming a party of 2 characters during the battles. You also have a firefly as an ally, which you control with the mouse. A pretty interesting mechanic but it becomes pretty repetitive during the combats. Out of combat it is an simple 2D platform game, with some puzzles, traps and tons of hidden loot. Sadly, in terms of combat, the game becomes extremely repetitive in the second half of the game because at some point, excluding boss battles, you will repeat the same tactics over and over again since the variety of enemies is pretty low. It gets so repetitive that at some point, you will start avoiding your enemies instead of attacking them to earn experience. You also have a perk system, as expected in a RPG, which is also pretty simple, yet intuitive. There is also a gem system called Oculi, that gives you the chance to upgrade certain stats of your characters.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=523396349StoryThe story in this game is told in an extremely simple way, yet that is part of the beauty of it. It is a very sad story with some unexpected plot twists, supported by excellent characters and good dialogues, except the fact that they always rhyme, something that really grinded my gears, especially during the second half of the game because the rhymes start to feel too forced. Apart from that, it is an excellent tale of the journey made by the protagonist Aurora, in her attempt to save the Kingdom of Lemuria.VisualsVisually this is an epic game. The game art is absolutely astonishing, it really gives life to this wonderful fantasy world. Everything as an immaculate aspect, it is hard not to like the artistic work made in this game. Another highlight is the fact that this game as the ""feeling"" that all was hand crafted, as if the game was drawn on a canvas. Really spectacular in this category.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=529131381LongevityI completed the game in about 9 hours, completing the main quest and almost all secondary quests (except one if I am not mistaken). It is not much for an RPG, yet this is one unique experience, with an indie feeling and reduced price. There is hundreds of loot and many other collectibles spread all over the world, so if you intend to complete the game at 100%, you should take around 12 hours.Music and SoundsBut for me, the biggest strength in this game is the soundtrack. Absolutely amazing! The soundtrack combined with the art style of this game earn the price of admission by itself. It is hard to not be immersed in this awesome world with this wonderful combo of visuals and sounds. Simply astonishing.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=533051511SummaryPros:Wonderful visualsIntuitive combat systemStellar soundtrackBang for your buckHeartwarming storyCons:Combat becomes very repetitiveMy personal score:9.0/10This game is a pure gem. Simple, yet amazing. Highly recommended to any RPG fans, as to 2D platform games fans. With a very affordable price, there are no reasons for you to not enjoy this unique experience.----------------------------Análise em Português no siteeyeoctane.org/ Portuguese Review ineyeoctane.org:http://www.eyeoctane.org/analise-child-of-light/"
76561198048587276,Recommended,256290,15894233,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,รкг๏๏ℓ๏๏รε,"Charming, elegant as well as heart-rending, Montreal brought to life a beautiful side-scroller RPG which will capture your hearts and take your breath away.Child. Tuck yourself in bedAnd let me tell a storyOf Lemuria, a long lost kingdom,And a girl born for glory.With the above narration, starts the adventure of Aurora, a princess ""born for glory"".http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=440556637Having put his daughter to bed at night, Aurora's father finds himself in awe to see his daughter not wake up at bright sunlight and soon falls sick. Presumed dead, her father sick, Aurora wakes up in a mysterious place with no one of her knowing face. Isolated and afraid, Aurora must make her journey through the vast kingdom of Lemuria to save her father from his uncharted sickness.Child of Light's excellent aspects ;+An exhillarating and tranquilizing mix of music.+A beautifully executed simple story.+Hand drawn art which appeals and steals the eye's scrutiny.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=443811063+A classic blend of RPG elements in a side scroller.+Turn-based combat which hardly gets boring.+Lovely side-characters with their quirks diverse.+A delightful main lead.+An agape world of Lemuria with bellyful of quests.Child of Light's not so excellent aspects :-Rhyming feels forced at times.-Uplay.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=444860853Almost every aspect of Child of Light appeals to you, enlightens you and charms you with its elegance. Child of Light is a adventure which is worth every dollar of the 15 it is asking for. Play it and all your warmth, care, feelings and affections will be content."
,Recommended,256290,12834555,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Titan,"Child of Light is an RPG reminiscent of the JRPG genre, but with beautiful 2D visuals. A tender and linear game with simple controls but deep systems.(Visuals)One of the selling points of CoL is certainly its artsy visuals, masterfully implemented on the UbiArt framework, the same from Rayman Origins and Legends. The landscapes vary from dark sceneries to rivers of lava, but one thing that remains constant is the extremely high quality of the artwork invested onto all moments of normal gameplay and battle.(Systems)The battle system is a very strong point of this game. Typical strategies from JRPGs are present, with strength or defense buffs and elemental weaknesses, but there is a huge focus on timing here. In a system similar to the ATB from classic Final Fantasies, allies and enemies need to wait until their icon reaches the casting bar to choose an action. The interesting part is that while the character is casting, its action can be cancelled by hitting it with an attack. Making the system even more deep, you can slow one or the other enemy by keeping your mouse pressed on it, to adjust things to your favor. This battle system demands a lot of focus and strategy to optimize your performance, and that is why I liked it so much.(Story)The story is told in a very poetic way, and I consider it very soothing.The narrative is made in form of poems: every single dialog in the game rhymes. It seems that bothered some people, but that didn't happen to me.(Conclusion)Its best points are the very well executed art style and the battle system, but the rest has close to no flaws too. If I had to name a flaw, I would say that CoL lacks the learning of new skills to expand the explorability of the overworld, like in a metroidvania game."
,Not Recommended,256290,20513398,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Android,"This is a beautiful and fantastic game, but I cannot recommend due to Uplay.Dear Ubisoft,I see that you read these reviews because you have responded to a few.  I want you guys to look at something.  This game has 93% positive reviews, 420 reviews are negative.I read through at least 100 negative reviews and I couldn't find one complaining about something other than Uplay.Do you not realize that if this game was offered without Uplay, the user reviews would be at least in the 98% if not higher??  This game would be listed along side games such as Portal, and Half-Life 2 when someone searched by user reviews!If you guys are doing so well as a company that you don't need that extra advertising, well that's fine.  But if you want to continue to grow as a company, you should realize that your poorly made user interface is the bane of several (otherwise) popular games, and that people don't like it.  They don't dislike it because its bad (although it is) but because THEY ALREADY HAVE ONE.  THIS IS ON STEAM.  THE LEADING DIGITAL VIDEO GAME DISTRIBUTOR.  ARE YOU HIGH??  DO YOUR CEO'S SIT IN THEIR IVORY TOWERS DESIGNING NEW WAYS TO DESTROY THE TOM CLANCY FRANCHISE AND HOW THEY CAN MAKE THE UPLAY INTERFACE LESS INTUITIVE? OR DO THEY EVER LOOK AT THEIR CUSTOMERS AND REALIZE THE CUSTOMERS ARE BEGINNING TO SHUN THEM??end rant.Signed,An Ex-Ubisoft Fan."
76561198073841664,Not Recommended,256290,15893167,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,gonzo191,"Child of Light is a tribute to JRPG which has a beautiful presentation, lovely soundtrack but lacks a soul in many other aspects. I really wanted to like this game but the more I played, the more I discovered that something(s) were missing and was left hugely disappointed by the end of the game.TL;DRIt's not a bad RPG but it's not really a good JRPG as it was initially marketed as, since it has way too many issues that were already sorted out by the greats of the past such as not memorable combat, too situational to near useless classes among others.ProsLovely Art StyleThe art style is top notch. It's a water coloured story book aesthetic and it's extremely beautiful in motion.Wonderful SoundtrackThe soundtrack is much like the art style is top notch and sets the mood with its melancholic undertones.Charming StoryThe story, though simple, short and digestible is cheerful and gloomy at times.Boss Battles Test CombatThe boss battles test how well you understand the combat. If you don't understand it fully you're going to have a rough time.ConsRequires UplayThe game requires Uplay, so if you hate it, you'll still hate it. It causes the game to become unresponsive at times and can lead to crashes.Rhyme or ReasonWhile the rhyme is charming at first it does get tiresome midway through the game. It's not horrible but it'll grind your gears if you grow tired of it so much so you'd wish they'd stop.Exploitable Battle SystemThe battle system is just a shallow copy of the Grandia's and can be easily 'cheesed' with little thought for tactics and tends to feel rather repetitive fairly quickly.Lacking CombatCombat as a whole is a mixed bag. It's extremely fun in the early stages of the game but gets extremely repetitive in the latter. Early on, I found myself willing to get into fights as they're fun and challenging however, later on I found myself avoiding it as nothing really changed. Your skills for the most part become and stay stagnant pretty quickly. That's a major red flag for anyone who considers combat to be the main aspect of a JRPG and expects some sort of skill variations.RNG hates youThis is the first time I've ever experienced this in a JRPG but RNG is on the enemy's side. I say this as they get their 'chance' skills in regularity while you seldom get yours. This in turn adds fuel to the fire of combat lacking or feeling repetitive.Situational ClassesThe characters 'classes' are too situational or down right useless. When you play a JRPG you expect all classes to be useful in their own way, some may do more damage than others, some may use magic better than other but above all, all are useful and you're willing to use them whenever. However in Child of Light, you'll use a select set of classes no matter what as the most useful characters are Aurora (Light), Rubella (Damage dealer, health mage), Finn (Elemental mage), Trista (Damage dealer, protection mage) everyone else is just not good. Why would I use a 'chance' base class when RNG is on the enemy's side as mentioned above.Clumsy Platforming ControlsThe platforming controls aren't that great, running feels clunky and flying feels extremely stiff. It would've been wonderful if players were given the option of controlling Aurora with the dpad rather than the stick as using the stick just feels off for a 2d game with side-scrolling aspects.Uncooked Gems/Oculi SystemGems/Oculi are not a fully thought out idea, it's like a shallow copy of the Materia system from FF7 just not as good. 3 gems can be socketed into a character for attack, defence and talisman granting some actual or chance bonuses however they don't feel like a necessity or rarely pay off. 3 gems can be combined into one large gem which offers greater benefit but you often don't have enough gems to make large ones as they're hardly given out until near the end of the game.OversightsRigid Party OrderYou Can't reorganise your party line-up outside of combat. If you made a mistake and one of your favoured members dies and had to be swapped out there's no way to re-swap until your next battle...this is downright stupid.IrritationsVisual MismatchAurora's model doesn't fit the game at all. While it looks good it just doesn't mesh well with the visuals as it looks too 3d almost as if it was made to stand out from the others and looks odd.Scarce Gems/Oculi and Consumable DistributionGems/Oculi and other consumables are rarely given throughout the entirety of the game and only generously dished out towards the end. This problem is very apparent as all consumables are found scattered throughout the world but the rate at which you'll find them are extremely low whereas toward the end you're given large clusters in short periods of time. It almost feels rushed in this aspect as with the oculi distribution.Limiting Party Line-upThe party line-up is too limiting, I often found myself repeating the same steps when it came to battles ad-infinitum. 1. Open up with Rubella, followed by Aurora, then stagger with Rubella and finish with Aurora, rinse and repeat or 2. Open up with Rubella, followed by Aurora, then stagger with Rubella, Aurora dies/get criticalled, switch out Rubella for Tristan, Revive or heal Aurora, switch back to Rubella, rinse and repeat. It almost feels like the game is begging for a 3 man line-up to spice things up and reduce the tedium of the constant switcheroo game. As it stands, it's tedious to switch out members because they don't fit the situation.Unmemorable Boss BattlesAlthough the boss battles test your understanding of the battle system, the boss fights simply are not memorable especially the last boss. They're just tedious for some reason; maybe the lacking memorability is effected by the issues mentioned above i.e. Exploitable Battle System, Lacking Combat, Poor RNG, Situational Classes.VerdictI really thought I would love this game but it feels somewhat soulless. Ubisoft positioned this game as a tribute to JRPG of old but for some reason it doesn't feel like a JRPG to me at all. The combat system is not memorable or engaging, the story while simple doesn't really hold up by the end. Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad game it's just not a good 'JRPG' as aspects which make a good JRPG are under developed or simply missing. Maybe next time...because, well it's Ubisoft, you know a sequel is coming.Recommended for those interested in a simple RPG.Not recommended for JRPG fans looking for a fresh take.PS: Steam please give us a neutral recommendation option."
,Recommended,256290,17211398,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,ownosourus,"Child of Light is beautiful. Its mysterious land of Lemuria is a faded watercolour dreamscape of floating cities, gnarled and twisted forests, ancient ruins and peaceful country villages. It really does look like a fairy tale brought to life. Exploring spooky forests, shining lights on secret doors, collecting wishes; you're basically playing through a charming storybook adventure. Completing the feel is the lack of dialogue- there's no voice-acting apart from in some book-ending expository cutscenes, with characters otherwise speaking entirely in text bubbles. And rhyming. Because everyone rhymes in fairy tales.Our heroine Aurora is the mischievous daughter of an Austrian Duke. One day she falls ill, slips into a coma and wakes to find herself transported to Lemuria. To return home all she has to do is recover Lemuria's Sun, Moon and Stars, stolen by the mysterious and nefarious Black Queen, Umbra, who seriously has it in for our heroine for reasons that slowly become clear over the course of the game. Her journey will lead her across a beautiful but dangerous landscape, with a motley crew of companions at her side.As well as the gorgeous landscapes, character and enemy designs are terrific. Monsters are delightfully creepy. Wolves, ogres and spiders inject just the right amount of menace into the world, getting that sense of a formerly idyllic dream slowly invaded by a nightmare spot on. Balanced against these horrors are the charming cast, from the brave and forthright Princess Aurora herself to her jester companion Rubella and Capilli magician Finn. Child of Light's playful sense of humour is also ever present.The various regions and towns that you explore each have their own feel and atmosphere - unique and yet cohesively tied to the overall aesthetic.Aurora's constant ally and companion is the firefly Igniculus, sent to help the Princess by the seemingly benevolent Forest Lady, who appears to serve the powers of Light. He's your guide, really, a sentient ball of Light popping up to give you advice and encouragement. Igniculus can also be controlled; you can send him flying off to collect floating 'wishes', which restore your health and mana.You'll explore Lemuria from a 2D viewpoint, with much of the non-combat action feeling like a simple platformer. Quite early on you unlock the ability to fly, which opens up levels for exploration and generally adds to the floaty, dreamlike atmosphere of the game. Most of the enjoyment of travelling around the world comes from zooming about discovering secret areas and items, of which there are many.Run into an enemy while exploring, or flying, and you'll zoom in to take part in some good old fashioned turn-based battles. Child of Light utilises an action bar mechanic that will be familiar to anyone who's played Final Fantasy before.Combat may seem simple at first, but you quickly realise that simply relying on basic physical attacks isn't a viable strategy. It's important to have an idea of what your plan is, and to get your timing exactly right. There are also several special actions that increase your options.You control just two characters in battle, but switching in a new one is a free action. The best fights have you juggling your team in an out, de-buffing with one and dishing out the damage with another. Each character has their own skill tree, with three or four branches.While a briefer experience than most RPGs, Child of Light's shorter running time is actually not a bad thing. While promoting the game the development team described their aim as providing a brief but memorable adventure, like a couple of evenings spent reading your favourite storybook as a child. That's exactly the feeling I got, the sense of charm and wonder never allowed to grow stale with a bloated run-time. It's refreshing to play a game so confident and singular in purpose."
,Recommended,256290,9978329,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Ladis,"After Playing for one hour, I can say that this game exceeds my expectation. Here is my opinion :Graphics:the graphic in CoL is really amazing. well , don't expect a well detailed 3d renderd images. the idea of drawing the whole game in watercolor is great. aside from being a graphic designer and illustrator anyone with a good taste will like the graphics in this game.Music:inspiring and dreamy. it let you inside the world of the game. I will buy the OST really soon.:)Gameplay:well, here some will argue with me.the game is based on a JRPG style gameplay, meaning its a turn base system in battle  with alot ot tactics. this kind of gameplay may not attract some of the players , espechially the new generation. well i'm sure there is some exceptions to that.In my opinion this game bring back some nice memories of the old JRPG games in its glory. and I recommend this game to any classic JRPG gamer who wanna find a decent JRPG game in this era."
,Recommended,256290,9981138,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,":edit: I've finished the game so I can flesh out this review a bit.The first great thing about this game is the artistic aspect.It was pretty obvious how amazing this was going to be even before this game came out and Ubisoft definitely lived up to my expectations. The artwork is very beautiful and very pleasing to the eye. You don't want to rush through but take time to enjoy the visual aspect of the game. The aesthetic side also extends into every part of the game, from the way the main character moves to the beautiful orchestral music. I definitely plan on getting the OST if/when they release it.:EDIT: Someone in the comments just told me where to find the OST. Apparently, the music was done by the Montreal artist Cœur de pirate and you can digitally download it from her site for a little over 8 USD here:http://musique.coeurdepirate.com/album/child-of-lightThe story is another amazing part of the game. I've read a few reviews that try to knock it because ""its just a fairytale"". While this is obviously true, it doesn't detract from the game in the slightest. Ubisoft does a brilliant job of telling a story that, yes, in its simplest, most watered-down form, is just your typical fairytale. There are no real plot-twists, or at least, there are none they try to hide from you. It does have the ""evil stepmother"" trope and magic and princesses and all the things fairy tales do have. The game, however, fleshes out the story so thoroughly and beautifully that the result is more than satisfactory. The characters are all developed as far as could be expected for the format of the game, and poetic telling of the story just adds to the overall effect. The only other game that is really similar is Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons, another fairy tale beautifully told. In the end, the story is as satisfying as the artwork.The only thing I was worried about going into the game was the combat. I am not a fan of JRPGs or turn-based combat but I was pleasantly surprised. I enjoyed the combat immensely. If I played it again, however, I would have played on the hard difficulty since the combat is rather easy and I only found it challenging once or twice. I never lost a fight and I only had a few characters die during a battle and that was only towards the end of the game during boss fights. If you dislike JRPG combat, don't let that stop you from enjoying the game...putting it on normal difficulty will allow you to enjoy the story without worrying about the combat. But if you like JRPG's or just want a challenge, definitely play on hard. You'll have to make more use of all the powers your characters have, especially their defensive and buff abilities. In addition, on a harder difficulty you will have to make more use of the gem system in the game, which provide passive abilities for each one of your characters.Overall, this game was well worth playing. It took longer than expected (10 hours) and was a beautiful and relaxing experience. It rivals Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons for the most beautiful indie game (yes, I know its Ubisoft, not technically indie) as well as my favorite indie game. It also shows what big gaming studios can produce when they try and hopefully points to a better future for gaming.And to anyone who decided not to get this game because of UPlay or because of ""first day DLC"". The only DLC in my opinion worth getting is the $2.99 one that unlocks the Golum character. His powers are unique and helpful so he is worth getting. Everything else is aesthetic or unnecessary, including all the little DLC's that give you gems...you find so many of them in-game, they're unnecessary. The experience of the game is complete even without the Golum so they didn't chop out a huge part of the game and then sell it to you as extra. Don't let it stop you from getting the game. And if you don't want to play it because of Uplay, I don't know what to say to you. You're just losing out on an amazing game because you don't want to deal with a piece of software that works pretty much smoothly and really causes no problems at all. At least, I've never had a single problem with them and I enjoy the rewards you can earn as you progress through whatever game you're playing."
76561198062492101,Not Recommended,256290,13274030,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mudkip!?,"First time I started up this game, it blew my mind, amazing artstyle, intense, fast paced battle sequences, and a great soundtrack. It really felt like I was living in a fairytale. Story could have a little more depth but hey, thats the only complaint I have about the game.However, when I read all the negative reviews about it dogging on Uplay, I thought they were just overreacting. THEY ARE NOT. Second time I started up the game Uplay had DELETED ALL MY SAVE FILES AND WOULDNT LET ME SAVE ANYTHING MORE. I hear these problems are universal and it really pisses me off. Stop trying to spoonfeed us Uplay through steam, its not happening. The software problems ruin this absolutely amazing game.Help me Gabe"
,Recommended,256290,33020039,Posted: 29 June,all,Kaine,"AbsolutelyGORGEOUSgame, I have finished twice and I still want to play, the story, characters, soundtrack, gameplay, everything to make you stop breathing, I really can't see negative points here. It's single player but even without a friend playing with you, you're not alone though Lemuria's darkness.Pros:+ Excellent graphic art.+ Amazing Soundtrack.+ Story and characters.+ Skills.+ Puzzles.+ Combat System.+ Animation.+ Interaction.+ Enemies Dsign.Cons:- Maybe it's missing a little more chalenge for veteran players.10/10Final words ... Amazing game, one of the bests I ever played."
,Not Recommended,256290,14912479,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Red,"One word, Uplay. I can't say anything about the game itself since Uplay won't let me play."
,Recommended,256290,20391895,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,P O L Y G O N,1. Launch the game.2. Wait until the main menu screen shows up.3. Wait until the main menu background music start.4. Lying down on my bed and relax like a boss.#10/10 for that main menu background music.
76561197975310237,Recommended,256290,32083762,Posted: 31 May,all,Terror,"The BEST scroller I've ever played.Brilliant graphics, sound, music and animations.A warm story and nice little mini-puzzles to keep you entertained.Some of the quests can be a bit confusing, but overall it's a solid game.I would recommend tihs to anyone."
,Recommended,256290,15821454,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Jammerlee,"A beautiful tale in a watercolor land,Written as though from a children author's hand.Every line of dialogue you'll see will be written in verse,Unwrapping the tale of a princess and a curse.For the moon and the sun and the stars are all taken,Aurora's quest is made clear, the sky she must awaken!Cleverly written with characters as charming as can be,If you like RPGs, then I'm sure you'll agree!In all seriousness though, this game is a nice feel-good RPG, although one I felt to be relatively on the short side as far as RPGs go. The gameplay is turn-based with a gimmick in the form of a ""speed"" bar that will determine who attacks first, who manages to block or disable another, etc. Buffs and debuffs are available to speed you up, slow down enemies, block enemies from being capable of disarming you, etc. An interesting gimmick and well executed. One thing I found however was that there was a serious lack side quests, adding to the game's shortness (there's perhaps three ""main"" side quests I counted, all of which can be easily completed within less than ten minutes).The draw here is definitely how unique it is from a visual and storytelling standpoint. As stated, every single line of dialogue rhymes which I have to commend the writers for. Graphics-wise, the game looks like a beautiful watercolor painting. That said, one criticism I personally have was that with the exception of Aurora and a handful of other characters, all animations looks to be done in flash with serious tweening abuse, which I felt somewhat cheapened the experience (though that's likely my inner art snob talking, so take that with however large a grain of salt you will). It does cause some dissonance beside the rendered model of Aurora as well which was initially difficult to see past. These are minor complaints however. This game is gorgeous, the characters are lively and likable, and the soundtrack is amazing. Definitely worth owning.I do need to point out one final thing however, as this might be a deal-breaker for some. You WILL be forced to download Uplay. It doesn't matter if you launch the game through Steam, it will still automatically open Uplay. I've yet to encounter any problems other than being annoyed by the extra program running, however it might be worth your time to check out other reviews and the experiences other players have described before you make your final decision. There's been a lot of complaints about problems with save files or the game not launching. You have been warned."
76561198007471259,Not Recommended,256290,17185438,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Adrian,"Is a really great game, but after 27h, the save game got corrupted and deleted, and all progress, almost at the end of the game is lost... and thanks to UPLAY, there is no Steam cloud save, and no way to recover it. Worst thing, I am not the only one, after searching the internet for solutions.. there is none, and it was not uncommon to have it at a similar location happening.I would have given it otherwise a 9/10, but now, I really cant recomment it, and I am one of those, who never had any UPlay issues before! And I dont think I want t play the whole game again... sorry"
,Not Recommended,256290,15604750,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Walrus Maximus,"Child of Light is a great game. Unfortunately, it requires uPlay! This is the second game I've bought that requires uPlay and  have given me endless trouble. I was having a lot of fun with Child of Light but uPlay decided to randomly delete my save data. I would recommend this game only if it didn't use uPlay.To the people saying ""Why did you DL it when it says requires Uplay."" I forgot to mention I bought both those uPlay games at the same time."
76561198006541362,Recommended,256290,19563101,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,stranger1982,"After suddendly falling gravely ill Aurora finds herself removed from Austria and thrown into the fantasy world of Lemuria: unable to get back home and seeing her father slowly succumbing to depression she embarks on a quest to get back home, picking companions along the way.Child of Light is a quite simple turn-based RPG with an art style and story that'd be right at home in a fairy tale book: despite having a somewhat shallow plot and game mechanics it is still quite fun and engaging not to mention gorgeous to look at.PROS:-graphics and art style are absolutely stunning-good soundtrack-while simple the combat mechanics are quite engaging and keep you on your toes-boss fights are quite interesting and feel balanced-Aurora is an pretty good protagonist and shows a decent amount of growth during the game-you'll meet a nice amount of companions to help you during fights, each with their own strengths and skills-the rhymed dialogues are a nice touch-good lengthNEUTRAL:-the story is failry interesting but also a bit too cliched and simple-while beautiful to look at certain areas of the world feel a bit bare content-wise-uses UPlay- which is a big no for some- and lacks Steam features like achievementsCONS:-RPG elements are extremely basic-simple loot system-villains felt a bit too forgettablehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=570730923Child of Light is absolutely gorgeous to look at and truly feels like a fairy tale in motion with its mix of pencils and watercolors: the art is backed up by an equally good soundtrack that quietly follows your exploration and turns suitably epic when you enter a fight. The gameplay is a throwback to older JRPGs with an action timeline where being attacked during a cast can see you interrupted and thrown back: this means good planning and timing- not to mention a judicious use of your skills- will go a long way towards making combat easier.The game suffers a bit in complexity though as the actual RPG elements are a bit shallow: each level up sees you getting a point to spend on a branching skill tree but most unlocks are just passive bonuses, loot and equipment are also very basic and are basically only gems to slow in one of your three equipment slots and a few potions. The story is failry interesting but most characters, villains included, feel a bit too two-dimensional to be memorable and this mars the narrative a bit: there's enough to move the plot and make you want to see the ending but that is all.Despite its basic gameplay and somewhat forgettable story Child of Light is still a game to recommend due to its interesting combat mechanics and gorgeous art: if you somehow missed it or it's still part of your backlog then know it's a game worth your time."
,Recommended,256290,25720393,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,F-0013,"First and foremost,I enjoyed the music the most.This game has countless rhymes.Every sentence everyone says chimes.With so much artistic values, I sure have good times.Simple yet beautiful and pleasant story.I played this game daily.Child of Light sure is worthy."
,Recommended,256290,27649574,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ｓａｔｅｌｅ,"Igniculus: ""Aurora, what is love known by?""Aurora: ""When it hurts to say goodbye.""Easily the most beautiful, tear-jerking and memorable RPG I've ever played."
,Recommended,256290,10075062,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Shadowfox,"Masterfully doneIn painting and prose.A hearty 'thumbs-up'To this title goes.I'll not spoil the storyWith many a verse,But before we go onYou must know this first.Your father was lonely,But he's found a new queen.On the night of his marriageYou have a strange dream.From sleep you awakenTo a land made of dreams.To thwart evil plans,Destroy sorcerers schemes.""Each will have battles""As the old saying goes.This group is no different,They face many foes!Igniculus the fireflyHas a bright light.He'll lend you his aidbe it puzzle or fight.Whenever you're fighting,Be sure to observe.The strategy neededis, frankly, absurd.The soundtrack's amazing,The artwork, sublime.There's no reason not to;It's well worth your time!To finish, I loved it!I think you would too.Exploring this gem'sSomething you should do."
,Not Recommended,256290,17474617,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Double Ruby,"Oh man, this was a major dissapointment. Ugh.So, I was at a friend's, and he had this on his PS4. I played, and fell completely in love with this beautiful game. I had to have it. I thought, ""just get it on steam, it'll be the easiest choice!""I was wrong.So, i had just finished installing the game, and was jumping out of my skin to play my own copy of it, when i saw something strange load up, called Uplay. I was a little confused, but trusted Ubisoft and made an account. It then asked me for the confirmation code for Child of Light, so i pasted the copied Confirmation Code, and clicked enter.""A ubisoft service is unavailable, try again later.""I shrugged it off, waited a bit, and tried again.Same thing.Frustrated, i tried on multiple computers, multiple times.NEVER WORKS.It's a wonderful game, with great gameplay, amazing graphics, and beautiful music...If only I could play my copy.Please, fix this.Or take off this ""Uplay"" bullcrap.Something."
,Recommended,256290,13075619,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Stitch,"Child. Tuck yourself in bedLet me tell a storyOf Lemuria, a kingdom past,And a girl born for glory.Child of Light tells the story of Aurora, a daughter of an Austrian duke who finds herself transported into the land of Lemuria. She soon discovers her destiny is to recover the sun, the moon and the stars, for she is'born for glory'.Through this tale Aurora groups with a diverse range of characters, each with their own tales and struggles. The land of Lemuria has grown dark, and in this world you fight on in search of your father, who has become ill and is dying. Very few games create such an emotional and memorable experience in story telling quite like this.Child of Light is nothing short of a masterpiece.Child of Light is a turn-based, role-playing-game that has a strong emphasis on exploration, atmosphere and lore. There is tonnes of collectables hidden throughout the world for you to seek out and collect. These collectables range from crafting materials to additional lore, which alike the game, takes form in beautiful poetic form. Child of Light has beautiful writing, whether it be in cutscenes or in simply talking to NPC's around the world; every piece of dialouge is artistic in every sense of the word.Few very games can truely be classified as artistic, in recent years it seems that a beautiful game is one that is graphically realistic, this is not the case with Child of Light. This game is far more imaginative and inspired that any game I have played in recent years, and it shows. The art style for this game is very 'child-like', but in a positive way. It compliments the games narrative and atmosphere perfectly from beginning to end. Where Child of Light shines most however, is the soundtracks. From the heart-plucking moments to the up-beat boss encounters, every soundtrack is perfectly conducted and adds an entire new layer to atmopshere that is rarely seen in video games. Any moment a new soundtrack would kick in, I would pause for a moment and just listen. Whilst playing this game, I went so far as to just refuse any distractions that would remove me from the experience; an experience that beautiful, emotional and engaging.The turn-based combat is also another truimph over games of it's genre, it's fluid, refreashing and requires strategy. In combat, you can control two characters at any given time. There is a bar, split into two sections, the 'wait' period in which all characters in combat will slide towards the 'cast' period at a given rate, depending on their stats. Once each character reaches the 'cast period, you can select a number of actions ranging from switching characters, casting spells, using potions or fleeing. There's a great deal of stategy involved and in many cases, especially boss encounters, the game can be quite the challenge. Once either all your characters are dead, or the two selected and out in combat die, the game is over and you continue from your last save. Battles are a rewarding experience because you're almost always guranteed for at least one character to level up, and from this, you can spend points into generous skill trees that differ from character to character.Child of Light is a simply amazing experience in every aspect. The lore is emotional and creative, the soundtracks are amongst the best in recent gaming and the gameplay is varied and rewarding. From the beginning to the end, you'll make decisions, you'll solve puzzles and watch Aurora grow on her journey. This isn't just a great game for it's price, it's a great game, full stop. IHIGHLYurge anyone who is interested in stories, role-playing-games or just looking for something new to pick this up and try experience it.By the end of the experience, when your journey is complete:""Igniculus: Aurora, what is love known by?~Aurora: When it hurts to say goodbye.""Child of Light is a masterpiece. Very few games offer such a complete experience in such an inspired form, and honestly, I'm finding it difficult to name a single game I've played, ever, that I've enjoyed as much as the experience on this.Child of Light isn't a game, it's art."
,Recommended,256290,10587412,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,MemPhiZ ZX - #Fight4UrNewHome,"My review for Child of Light:First of all, I'm going to address 2 concerns that I found in Steam community hub:1. UplayThose who're going to buy this game should know that this game is going to use Uplay, Ubisoft own game client. I noticed that many people dislike Uplay for certain reason so gonna respect that. I have my own issue with Uplay as well. So if you want to buy this game, make sure you know what you're getting into.2. Day 1 DLCWhen the game is released, the dev put several DLCs immediately, including Golem DLC and Dark Aurora DLC which is the Special Edition bonus DLCs, Light Aurora DLC which is the preorder bonus and several ""cheat"" DLC which you can buy extra oculis for your game. Golem DLC gives you a new party member and a small quest to get him, while Light Aurora and Dark Aurora DLC give you skins for Aurora and extra oculis and bonus stats. The ""cheat"" DLC is actually consists of oculis, which means you can buy the oculis using real money once. Among these DLCs, only Golem DLC adds a bit of content while the skins just for eye candy. As much as I hate day 1 DLC, if you want to support the dev, buy the Golem and the skins DLC only. Of course you can ignore the DLCs if you don't want to support day 1 DLCs. I myself didn't bought any of the DLCs except Light Aurora since I preorder it.In this game, you're playing as Aurora, a princess who died and reborn into Kingdom of Lemuria. Story progress smoothly, gaining allies and some plot twist. However, the ending is kinda not to say lame, acceptable but not much impact. There are no voice narration for this game except the narrator herself. Somehow, I wish that each character got their own voices to add more personalities to the characters. You can quite rush the game since the story is quite short. And you can restart again with New Game+ feature so you can start the game with OP Aurora.The artstyle and graphic is beautiful. When you move Aurora around, you can see her hair move depends on the directions. The backgrounds and landscape are nicely drawn. Character animation during combat is kinda static. And the graphic glitch for Aurora’s hair where she transform into a tomboy during battle is not favorable by many, though I can deal with that.Now lets talk about combat. It's 2v3 style, where you can bring 2 members in your party to fight 1 to 3 monsters at a time. but you can only change party members during combat and not outside which is annoying. At least let the player decide which member goes on combat first. Before combat, you can only manage on the oculis to be equipped on each party members and use any skill points or healing items. In combat, there will be a timeline. Each member and monsters will be on the timeline. When you reach the casting point, you can give order to the said member ie attack, use item or switch party member. After selecting the action, there will be another timeline for casting. If you're attacked during this time, your attack will be cancelled and you'll be pushed back on the timeline which is also known as interrupt. You can also use this to your advantage to prevent monsters from attacking you. There are no visible health bar for enemies and no bestiary to see the weakness of each enemies so you have to discover it yourself, although some of them are kinda easy to spot. During combat, you can also control Igniculus, which is very useful in combat. he can highlight enemies and show it on the timeline. He can also slow down enemies by blinding them, making their progress on the timeline slower for more tactical approach. He can also heal you. To recharge his energy meter, he can either use potion or just shake the light source and collect the light.There is oculi crafting in this game, which is combining gems to make different and stronger oculis. Only 3 recipes are showed in the game, others you have to discover yourself (we got internet though ;D). Each oculi type has different effect depending on where you equip it. There are 8 types of oculis; 6 can be found in chests and defeating monsters, the other 2 need to be crafted. There is only 1 secret recipe for a special gem, but other than that, just normal crafting stuff. I wish they had put more depth to the crafting part since it's the essential part in the game.Each character has their own skill tree. Each skill tree got 3 branches and you can focus on either 1 branch first or balancing between each branch. Each branch focus on 1 special skill for the character. Example for Aurora, she got Slash (physical attack), Light Beam (magic, light damage) and Super Light Beam (magic, light damage, can 1 hit KO) (Disclaimer: The skill name is not correct :P). Each skill will have single targeting or multiple. And no character has similar skills, so it's good to know which one you wanna use during combat. Unfortunately, there's no explanation about the skills during combat, which make it hard for players to choose skills. There's also passive skills available, like Counter-Attack, Counter-Heal etc and it helps very much during combat.The soundtrack, is a masterpiece. I enjoyed every one of the songs. When I first started the game, I was stuck at the main menu because the song at the time, which is Aurora's Theme is mesmerizing. Even the songs during normal battle and boss fight is good and make me more enthusiastic to play. You can buy the digital album from here or you can listen to it on Spotify. Give it a go, I'm sure you'll like it.Overall, for the $14.99 price tag, it's totally worth the price. I still need to highlight that this game is not for Uplay haters and Steam elitists, because this game use Uplay as DRM so buying for Steam means using 2 DRMs at a time which is not acceptable for some people (you can see it in the community hub, people still b*tching about it lol). And Uplay is still in growing stage and need much more improvement. Other than that, this game is good and I totally recommend this game especially to RPG fans."
,Recommended,256290,23850406,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,☠Afro Punk🐴🎮,"Worth the asking price. the hand drawn art is amazing, the music is amazing, the characters are pretty good also. This game was worth the run through. This is a true throwback to turnbase RPG's. I really enjoyed the character development in this game and i also enjoyed the skill tree. There was a couple of time i had to grind a bit to take on a boss but it was worth it.This is one of those games that make you long for old traditional turnbase JRPG's with a new twist to it."
76561198019601607,Not Recommended,256290,9993411,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,The Sneaky Tiki,"Uplay dramatically sours the game unfortunately, which is sad because it's an otherwise very pleasant game.Connection issues often snap you out of your game to Uplay to inform you of your disconnection, achievement prompts cause game slowdown, Uplay is the same sad gaming disruption that GFWL has always been and with it's upcoming disolve Uplay is sadly a strong contender for worst DRM system.I apologize this review is more about Uplay than Child Of Light but my experience was ruined by it unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,256290,9982443,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Rela,Pros:-Amazing artistic style-Unique and Innovative Soundtrack-Trailers were pretty damn good.Cons:-Uplay hates games.-Uplay hates connecting to it's own servers.-F**k Uplay.
,Recommended,256290,31639679,Posted: 8 May,all,UltraMan✫,"In a sea of games with so little to offer,It's rare we get such gems worth a bother.The excessive presense,of FPS madness,Military shooters,and MOBA drabness,Can leave some wanting,in hopes of true gladness.AAA gaming is all but lost,As quality has become a pair of dice being tossed.The years have passed and with so many let downs,It's wonderful to come across something so beautiful,and so sound.From the watercolor art style,to it's child like profile,This child is indeed filled with lightthat will shine for a while.The battles very trying,And yes there was a fair amount of dying,But in the end it was worth it,As we continued onward flying.Hours were spent,during the night and day,With each step of progressproving to be worth the money we pay.Best of all was never needing to pray,Having been fortunate enoughto not experience any bulls***,from that dreadful UPlay."
,Not Recommended,256290,18446343,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,blight,"The game has been fun so far. I'm not overly far into it, but i'm enjoying the actual game.That said, uPlay is miserable. I sort of bought this on a whim after watching the trailer video when it was on sale, so I didn't even notice this was something I had to deal with. Live and learn. What I learned is I'll never buy another game that requires uPlay. This is why Origin isn't installed on my system anymore. At this point I don't care if uPlay and Origin make my PC faster and increase the overall size of my genitalia, you and your miserable DRM can rot.Not the devs fault. You made what seems to be a neat game, sorry you work for Ubisoft."
,Recommended,256290,14888255,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Budi,"Child of Light follows a young girl named Aurora as she travels in the fantasy world of Lemuria. It's a 2D rpg/puzzle game and if only described with one word, BEAUTIFUL! Beautiful writing, visuals and music.Child of Light has paintbrushed look and that fits really well with the story and especially the dialogue which is almost all done with rhyming. So as already stated the art in this game is wonderful on so many levels. For the most part there isn't any voice acting, only in few small narration parts.You start the game alone, but some companions will pop up to join your journey. All of these followers have their own talent trees you can customize. Though these trees are quite restricted and you have to follow just a few branches. You can only have 2 characters active during battle, but you can swap them around freely.Combat is done with Active Time Battle system, familiar from some of Final Fantasy games. You can buff your team to perform faster or debuff your enemies to be slower on the timeline which determines the turns of characters.It's not very complex or deep RPG, but well worth the low price![Score: 85]"
,Not Recommended,256290,10862225,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,arbyfish,"This game I've played is okay I guess,But the rhyming is a total mess,It takes away the beauty there,While I'm playing in my underwear,The battle system rpg,Is rather pokemon to me,The strategy is binary,And when you attack, then you'll see,Which attacks will work is whimsical,Whether magic works or physical,The art is good and flying fun,But when the talking starts you better run,Is this made for English or another gab?With sentences that will make you slab,The game's okay for just 10 bucks,The rhyming, though, it really sucks."
76561198068213971,Recommended,256290,32751241,Posted: 24 June,all,SandSquid16,"I utterly adore Child of Light. I haven't played in quite a while, but I remember adoring the story, the art, and the music. The characters are memorable, and the choice to have all characters speak in rhyme is a very interesting one. I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who's looking to try out something cute and whimsical."
,Not Recommended,256290,13446115,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Plaku,"I bought this game like 2 weeks ago and it has not let me play it at all I haven't even gotten to the login screen, every time I try to register on their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ubisoft thing that pops up it tells me the server is unavailable. Just don't bother buying the damn game because it's very likely you're paying to never play it."
,Not Recommended,256290,18381710,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Яin,I've havent even go into the new game *crasheswell played uPlay
,Recommended,256290,14279723,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Sombiez*,chill and relaxing game (: very nice graphicand pretty nice background music too!
,Not Recommended,256290,16485699,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sayla Vee,"needs uplay.  uplay does not work for me so make sure it works for you before buying.THIS IS NOT A REVIEW OF THE ACTUAL GAME, I NEVER GOT TO PLAY ITUPLAY/10 - IGN"
,Not Recommended,256290,11810965,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,MaxOfS2D,"I wanted to like this. I really did. And I did, but far less than I expected. I'm disappointed with the wasted potential of this game. I'm flagging my review as ""not recommended"" because I just wish Steam offered a neutral option.The 2D art is beautiful. The soundtrack is pretty good. The cast is diverse, something that's rare in video games. The dialogue is all written in rhymes. The battle system has more depth than it seems.But the game feels hollow and rushed.One example I'm sour about is this one. When you acquire the power of flying, very early in the game, there is a really cool cutscene that makes flying seem really magical. And it's just right at home in the game's universe. It strikes the childlike chord of your heart. And then you're able to move. And your character flies in a *really* stiff way. The complete opposite of the cutscene. It feels like a slap to the face.Another thing that grinded my gears is that the game doesn't really try to say anything (maybe except vague messages about motherhood). It's as generic as ""good vs. evil"" gets. And there aren't some cool story themes hidden between the lines as well. It's disappointing considering that besides the protagonist (who undergoes a really cool transformation two-thirds into the game), there is barely any character development at all. The story doesn't have any complex twist and turns either. You find yourself wishing the game had some sort of lore... anything at all that could give the story as much depth as the beautiful artistic direction has.The battle system is really nice but there's a big difficulty spike out of nowhere halfway through the game that requires a bit of grinding to go through (one particularly annoying boss). That's really the only part which requires grinding. In this childlike gleeful universe, this doesn't feel right. You battle with two characters at a time maximum, and can switch between them. They all have a distinct set of skills, which is an interesting mechanic, because while I dreaded this at first, I think it feels better to rely on more than just two people ever. Some of them are too situational though.The menu system, for inventory and leveling, takes you really right out of the game. It feels... insanely gamey and unintegrated, basically. It just cuts to complete silence, and it's kind of a pain to navigate through, especially when choosing your skills to level up. The skill ""trees"" (they're actually mazes on the menu!) are convoluted for no sensible reason. Nothing about the menu feels right at all. It breaks your immersion.All in all, this game feels like a lot of wasted potential. Maybe Ubisoft didn't allocate enough resources or didn't let the guys have enough time. It's one of those games that really have something going for them but just don't reach for their opportunity, and it's heartbreaking."
76561197969372390,Recommended,256290,22600889,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,mr. nails,"Pros:+Beautiful Art+Great turn based game play+9 different party members+The whole narrative is in rhymes (see con)+No equipment to manage (see con)+Has a new game + mode+Beautiful ending credits songCons:-Not fully voice acted-The whole narrative is in rhymes (see pro)-No equipment to manage (see pro)Child of Light is a turn based RPG that's told in a rhyming narrative.  The narrative is mildly witty and fun at times, but can get annoying.  I liked it overall.  The art style and graphics to this game was top notch and extremely beautiful!  I loved seeing some of the backgrounds and caught myself just stopping to take it all in.The difficulty wasn't too bad as long as you killed all the enemies you come across.  There are no random battles and you can see all the enemies on the screen and you don't have to fight any of them, but strongly discourage this due to not being able to kill bosses.  There wasn't any grinding for XP during my adventure.  If you kill all the enemies they stay dead until you turn the game off.  Once you turn the game off everything respawns.  So, if you want to grind you can.There is no equipment upgrades in this game.  You don't have to worry about managing any loot.  There are stones that you can acquire from monster loot and treasure chests throughout the game though.  These stones allow you to customize your characters with minor stats IE: fire damage, water resistance, chance to crit, etc.There are a total of 9 party members that you can play with, but only 2 usuable at any given time.  Each has their own flavor of strategy.  Some heal, some tank, some buff and some debuff.  You can swap out whomever you like as many times as you like.  It doesn't matter who is in the party all members gain experience in or out of battle.  That was great and allowed me to use other party member combos however I liked.  You have a tenth character named Igniculus you can use and he follows you around in and outside of battle.Igniculus is a ball of light companion that helps solve puzzles and grabs items out of reach outside of battle.  Inside of battle he is used to off-heal and slow down enemies.  You can only choose one or the other on the fly.  I normally chose to slow down the enemies.  He can also be used in crowd control outside of battle too.  You can CC every enemy in the game and while doing so you can simply just pass them up and not fight them.  Great for times you just want to advance the story and not have to worry about getting into any battles.There's a lot of status effects during combat.  You can slow down enemies, speed up yours, add more armor and my favorite was the Unbreakable spell.  This spell made it so you never get kicked out of order during combat.  This imo was a must have spell and without it would had made the game quite a bit more challenging.  There are healing and reviving spells also and I'd recommend grabbing one of the DLC's that has the healing spell.  Yep, pretty stupid to have to buy DLC for a spell, but whatever I guess.  That's Ubisoft for ya!  :)This game does require Uplay and I personnally don't have any problems with Uplay and doesn't effect my purchasing of any game.  Not one time did the game mess up, crash or have any problems what so ever.  So, don't let this bother you.If you like games like Final Fantasy with some platforming and mild puzzle interaction this game is a must play.  Taking me around 15 hours to beat at level 49 it was fantastic and the asking price of $15 is totally worth it.  The game does go on sale a lot so grab it then if that's too steep.  Would play again.  10/10.  Recommended."
,Not Recommended,256290,16341621,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Cottonball Sheep,"I bought the game.I downloaded the game.I launched the game--wait, Uplay? I should have read the reviews...I launched the launcher.I updated the launcher.I created an account and logged in to the launcher.I updated the launcher.I downloaded the- wtf?I requested a refund.The game looks great, but really? I have to log in to launch launch a launcher to log in and launch my $4 game.*Edit*For those saying ""Write the review about the game itself""- this is a stupid thing to say. If the launcher prevents me from playing the game, that's no different from glitches that make the game unplayable or any other game-breaking issue.It is true- I did make an uninformed purchase. Had I known UPlay was involved, I would not have even tried. This review is intended to help warn people that UPlay is, in fact, involved and that it can prevent the player from even starting the game.If they want good reviews from me, they need to NOT make me dig through metaphorical fecal matter to get to the proverbial cake."
,Recommended,256290,12845736,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Momentai,"Can't tell how much I'm love in with this one. It's so charming when I reached End Credits, I couldn't do anything with myself. Just sitting, listening to the song... and that's it. What is the magic of Child of Light? Everything in it, its extraordinary world with its extraordinary characters... the story is wo beautiful... many tears were shed. And the music. Well... Aurora enchanted me. And if you like this style, it will surely echant you too. 10/10"
,Recommended,256290,16284034,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Loguna,"I have no words to express my love for this game. The art, the music, the story... truly magical.Btw, I didn't have any problems with uPlay."
76561197970835441,Not Recommended,256290,16342010,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,the Cwin luvs u,"""Incorporates 3rd-party DRM: Uplay"""
76561198030121900,Not Recommended,256290,16333409,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Tubacabra,Do not buy unless you love uplay
76561198058075059,Recommended,256290,28571553,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,baal_zevul,"As a whole, I think my opinion of Child of Light is somewhat mixed. The gameplay was rewarding and motivating, giving enough complexity to pique the curiosity of a player like myself but not so much as to confuse or discourage me - and indeed, the basic movement and combat in the game was whimsical and pleasant. The world and character design go to this, encouraging the player to explore the world. Ultimately, I think my dissapointment comes down to the writing, and the fundamental inability of the mechanics to sufficiently motivate through the game as a whole.While for the most part the plot and characters are quite charming and interesting, I think their simplicity is ultimately a drawback. While some characters experience adequate arcs, in other respects I thought the reliance on genre staples, or in other words tropes, made the story and characters feel stale or undersubstantiated. In particular certain turns for characters or turns of the story left me rolling my eyes or feeling somewhat dissappointed with the games inability to achieve reconciliation, or adequately build and progress character motivations and relationships to make conflicts that felt nuanced or resolutions that felt truly cathartic and enlightening. Ultimately that may come across as a disporportionate criticism of the game for what is in the end not the whole of its construction, but I do believe we have here a story that, despite its simplicity, wants to have an arc and have themes and learning, and in that sense I believe it falls a little short.Despite this, I would like to again highlight the charm of the game. Moments like gaining the ability of flight really capture the sense of whimsy, fun, and fantasy the whole game goes towards. That I would say is its biggest success.So, in short, Child of Light is a beautiful game with fun and nuanced yet not overly complicated mechanics and a charming, emotive story that as a whole feels somewhat flat and underwhelming. Still, I do not regret playing it and would recommend it to fans of the genre."
,Recommended,256290,25684618,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Akka,"If you own this game but haven't played it, you're not living your life correctly.This fairytale jrpg employs one of the most fun combat systems I've ever seen in the genre. They recreated the wheel and somehow got a flying car out of it. With precise timing and forethought you can interrupt enemy attacks--but they can do the same to you! Boss fights were all such a blast!The brilliant musical score combined with the storyboard managed to move me emotionally. Prepare to feel sad. I love the artstyle. The rhyming felt a bit forced at times, they could have put just a slight bit more effort into it or just dropped it briefly at times to emphasize that♥♥♥♥♥♥was hitting the fan.If you decide to play the easier of the two difficullties you can skip all the random battles and head staight for the bosess. That way it stays challenging and you aren't caught up in repetitive grindy battles or minmaxing your stats with items, finding chests, and crafting. Skipping most random battles will net you about six hours of gameplay (with five or more tacked on if you pursue normal mode like an idiot).You bought this game when it was on sale. It's time to play it."
,Not Recommended,256290,16494863,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,cpyap,"I bought this game, downloaded and installed so that I can play offline,but UPlay will deny you access if you don't have internet connection and the game simply became a pile of data stacked in your Harddisk doing nothing.Unless UPlay fix this unreasonable requirement that you need to be online to play offline game, I'm definitely advised against buying this game."
76561198080230780,Recommended,256290,9980565,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Morgana The Cat,"Child of Light is a beautiful homage to the JRPG genre. It has a beautiful soundtack, visually pleasing visuals and a tearjerking story. And it's simple enough for newcomers to the genre to enjoy.If videogames is a art form, look no further than Child of Light."
,Recommended,256290,26479816,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ShortyDevil,"Beautiful RPG game, from start to finish it shows a solid gameplay, a vibrant world, and a quite interesting story with more than a few twists.Sound design is jaw-dropping, and I had to download the soundtrack after completing the game, it's epic a lá Final Fantasy. Regarding the sound FX of the world, everything fits, a monster yapping, a jump, the wind, it all connects and doesn't feel out of place nor breaks the immension, this game, like Ori, are excellent in this regard, probably the bests. Quality.Graphically speaking, the game looks magnificent, and everytime you reach a new place, you find yourself looking at every place of the screen, mindblowing designs and drawings that are taken out of a fairy tale, beautiful. The magic of the game is greatly resembled too, and it's one of the strongest points in the game.The amount of hours might look short for an RPG, but it's not really short. Let me explain: The game doesn't drag on and there's no needed grind to proceed, some battles are indeed hard but can be overtaken by strategy, the story from start to finish feels good, like reading a book, there's no stupid fillers, no ""lets walk for 25 mins doing nothing"". It's all fun from start to finish, and at the end you feel realized and full because it doesn't leave you wanting for more like some other games, it's a perfect time.Now, regarding the gameplay, it's a turn-based fighting RPG, which is fast, there's no long animations that you can't wait for them to end (Final Fantasy X, anyone?), it's really fun thanks to constantly being in motion, you will be using characters in the fight that you can swap at any time, there are quite a few characters. They of course level up, and you'll have to see what's the best course of action regarding their skills. I want to mention that it's very fun to move as the protagonist too, specially with the amount of secrets that are everywhere! (And you will have to backtrack if you want some sweet secrets ;) ) nothing falls short in the gameplay, except maybe a bigger variety of movements/actions in the fights.Story: Fairy tale. You will feel like you're playing a tale, it's a beautiful story and quite touching in my opinion, I won't spoil a single thing.Overall, the game is a great time guaranteed for RPG players, you can't really go wrong with this game."
,Not Recommended,256290,16456988,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,kohaeyo,Uplay killing me
76561198094817176,Not Recommended,256290,11341620,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,scottghelfi,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEChild of Light must be played via uPlay, Ubisoft's service. This game is basically unplayable because it constantly has issues with save files. The game auto-saves and syncs with the Ubisoft cloud at regular intervals. Well it routinely loses save files - completely. After about 4 hours of gameplay over several sessions I tried to open the game and continue my game and lo and behold - save files were missing. Just gone.Started the game again, played about an hour, came back later to continue from the save file and same problem - the save file is just gone again.A quick google search will tell you that this problem is pretty much universal. The game is unplayable because of save file issues and it seems to all be related to uPlay. Avoid this game (which is a really nice game, such a shame) and uPlay like the plague, that's all I can say."
,Not Recommended,256290,18708412,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,SilentProphet,I HAVE WASTED A WHOLE HOUR TRYING TO GET CONNECT WITH U PLAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!TILL NOW I'M STILL FAILED TO LOGIN.
,Not Recommended,256290,16353078,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,GmodBrah,"Me: Yay! Got this awesome game on my account :DUplay: Go away.Me: Sure mate.Thank god there is a thing called ''Steam Refunds''.0/10, get rid of Uplay."
,Recommended,256290,18467571,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Bubblegum,"IntroductionElegance. It's a word I've rarely found applicable where video games are concerned, but there's no better way to describe what Ubisoft has achieved with Child of Light. With its earthy, Art Noveau hand-painted art style and charming character designs, and unique combat system, it deftly brings the RPG landscape for the better part of a decade.This feeling of warmth and sentimentality can be seen in every aspect of Child of Light, from the character portraits in the menus, to the lovingly detailed hit animations in battle. The net result is an experience that feels less like a power fantasy, and more like the cherished memory of a childhood bedtime story. In addition, the game could be finished between 10-11 hours or even faster. It's a short happiness but last long for years. It's worth it.Gameplay/Combat SystemIts biggest success is the combat system, which skillfully mixes turn-based and real-time elements. Icons move along a bar at the bottom of the screen, indicating when you and your opponents get to act next. Scoring hits on an enemy who's winding up for a big spell interrupts them, canceling their move, and sending them back on the timeline. This creates a constant tension, forcing me to plan two steps ahead while looking for chances to interrupt, and keeping enemies from doing the same. That fusion of big-picture planning, and second-to-second awareness kept me feeling like a tactical genius battle after battle. Battles are also rewarding because of the steady clip at which your characters level up. After almost every battle, at least one of your characters advances, getting boosts to stats as well as earning skill points that you can use to unlock additional stat boosts or more powerful skills. Of course, it's fun to see your characters become stronger over the course of the game, but what makes Child of Light meaningful is the way that Aurora grows emotionally stronger. Eventually we have to leave the realms of fairy tales behind and face the challenges of reality once more, but Lemuria is the kind of fantasy realm that stays with you as long as you remain a child somewhere in your heart.GraphicStarting with one screen onto the next, Child of Light submits completely to its hand-painted aesthetic with Art Noveau style. Each stunning water-color backdrop looks ready to be framed and hung in an art gallery. That's not strictly because of the high level of overall quality, but also due to how warm the characters and environments all feel. Dark silhouettes of gnarled, ancient trees scroll through the foreground, adding a sense of depth to painterly forests, and oppressively dreary caverns give way to towering windmills amidst rolling hillsides. Each areas are breath taking, naturalistic beauty that words honestly fail to capture.What We LearnedFairy tales may be works of escapism, but no fairy tale worth its salt is purely a work of frivolous fantasy. No, the best fairy tales simultaneously let children escape from the frightening realities of life, while also helping them confront those realities, teaching them that even though life is difficult and scary sometimes, they are capable of overcoming adversity and coping with loss. Child of Light is a fine fairy tale in this tradition, a fantasy that deals with the reality of what it means to grow up.Replayabilty50:50 will play it again, because there are so many another good Turn-Based RPG games out there, like Final Fantasy or Sid Meir’s Civilizations.Verdict7.8/10"
,Recommended,256290,15600249,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Chroto,"Child of Light is one of my favorite games I have ever played. From the very beginning, it feels like a child being told a bedtime story. Every sentence rhymes and the amount of detail and attention paid to each written line is outstanding. The gameplay is simple yet intricate enough where it can create some fun challenges in battles. I enjoyed every second with this game and my only gripe is it feels short since you won’t want to put it down.PROS-Beautiful breathtaking world.-Complex yet simple combat.-Outstanding writing and story.-Charming and fun characters.-Good replay value.CONS-Feels shortOverall, this is one game you do not want to miss. Much is made of the UPlay restriction, but the game is launched right through Steam and you don’t even notice it. Please do not let you hold that back from experiencing this brilliant piece of art. I highly recommend it to gamers of all skill levels! Enjoy! :)"
,Not Recommended,256290,10464944,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Shroud,"I purchased this game not realizing Uplay was a requirement. I have not been able to play it because I cannot create a Uplay account, despite repeated attempts. Going to try to get my money back..."
,Recommended,256290,10011161,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"I'm not going to write a super long, in depth review, but I will say this game is very fun and well worth the 15 dollar pricetag. On sale at any discount its an absolute must-buy.Pros:-Great Artstyle-Beautiful Soundtrack-Interesting Dialogue-Characters are fleshed out, and well written-Overall great story-Fluid combat-Solid RPG elementsCons:-Rhyming nature of the storytelling can sometimes get in the way of the story-Difficulty: On normal its too easy, but on hard the later levels become way too grindy, and while the combat is fun, its not fun enough for me to want to fight the same enemies over and over for hours on end to level-Few graphical optionsOverall a great game that I'm sure will end up on my top 10 games of this year. You should buy it if you like Turn based RPG's of any kind, or just games with a compelling and fun story."
,Not Recommended,256290,18592985,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Esooa,uplay
,Recommended,256290,25632322,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,alfred.sub,"This is one of those games that makes you think of what a good game is, and what a good game should be.I bought this game long ago, the PS3 version by chance, I really did not know what it was about but a friend recomended it to me so i got it, and I can say it became one of the best experiences I had.This game is one of the very few games that chages my view on thing, and that's how a game really should be, not only having a good and fun time playing but to make you question stuff you wouldn't have thought otherwise.I really recomend this game, it shows there's still hope for Ubisoft."
,Recommended,256290,17180272,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Zeemond,"More than likely one of the best game ubisoft has given us in a while. It is simple, poetic and enthralling. The PRG mechanics are effective and can be understood by newcommers or veteran alike. It remind me a bit of Grandia 1, if it was a poetic experience rather than an epic quest across the world. The character are likeable and the gameplay is surprisingly varied between the puzzles, exploration and story.Definitely worth the time!P.S. be warned, it will install Uplay for you to play it, if this matters to you.-Lost"
,Recommended,256290,10076812,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Canti,"Ubisoft has done something truly special with Child of Light, a product that resulted not from trying to appeal to the widest audience or focus testers, but a product that genuinely conveys the heart of those involved in making it happen.You play the role of Aurora, an Austrian princess who is trapped in the strange land of Lemuria trying to return home to her father. Along her journey, you will find various landscapes to explore, with secrets and collectibles hidden in every nook and cranny, a few optional side missions and a cast of endearing characters to aid you.Gameplay is centred on the open exploration of the world, and a turn-based combat system.While not in battle, you will be flying around the various lands of Lemuria, manoeuvring through various terrain obstacles and simple environmental puzzles, searching for a way home (and treasure!) with your firefly helper Igniculus who serves to activate certain locks you can’t reach, light up dark caves and also to stun enemies with the blinding light he emits. Additionally, you will find various characters who will provide side quests or even join your party.There are roughly 8 different party members, who range from a cowardly wizard, to a pair of jester siblings and provide entertaining dialog that is curiously written entirely in rhyme. While this is entertaining and sometimes impressive, it does make it more difficult to become emotionally attached to any of the characters, as a Shakespearean script is far from natural-sounding. Regardless, their personalities are still differentiated enough for each one to shine and leave a lasting impression and this should be considered a feat of writing on its own merit.The combat system is an interesting take on the traditional turn-based JRPG-style combat. In a similar way to the ATB system in Final Fantasy games, your attacks are based on a timer. Once the timer nears the end, you prepare an attack, but if the enemy manages to spring their attack before you have launched yours, it causes your attack to be “interrupted” and sends your timer further back. Likewise, you can do the same thing to your opponents. Igniculus helps out here too, by slowing your opponents so their attack bar will fill slower, but also by healing you or your allies and grabbing health/mana when he can. It’s simple to learn, but feels very rewarding once you’ve managed to nail the fine art of timing your attacks. Other familiar RPG mechanics include elemental attributes, random loot and a variety of potions that restore health, mana and provide buffs.You will participate in each battle alongside a party member. You can swap between other party members when your turn to attack comes without wasting a turn, meaning it’s very easy to adjust your strategy by utilising the various skills of your different partners. Each has a unique skill tree that expands as you spend ability points for levelling up through experience in battle. Some characters focus on damage, some focus on buffs or working in elemental benefits.Each part of Lemuria is a hand-painted masterpiece. The Ubi-Art game engine works the same visual magic as it did for the previous Rayman games, with a combination of high-resolution, 2D artwork spread over a multitude of parallax layers that results in every screen appearing unique from all the rest, with very few assets re-used. The watercolour artwork itself is both warm in its choice of colours and at the same time often melancholy, with ruined buildings and overgrown monuments in both the background and foreground hinting at a more peaceful past. The audio also adds to the atmosphere, with exploration music consisting of a few slow-paced piano scores, jumping to more frantic, orchestrated pieces during battles.Child of Light is let down only by its short length and by the plethora of “cash grab” DLC’s that were released at launch. But do not be discouraged, the game is presented in a way that uses every artistic medium available to it to craft an elegant presentation from an already highly competent game. It may be a short adventure, clocking in at around 10-14 hours for the core game, but the pacing of the story and diamond-like polish of the gameplay mechanics ensure that every hour is enjoyable while at the same time never overstaying its welcome.Pros:~Beautiful eye-candy artwork from start to finish~Fantastic writing feels like you’re part of a storybook~Wonderful soundtrack~Perfectly balanced gameplay mechanics, challenging without being unfairCons:~Day-one DLC, including a locked party member~Animation on some characters appears cheap~Main game will be too short for some to justify the price"
,Not Recommended,256290,10467211,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,mosaicorange,"Played it on hard and beat it, Played New Game + on hard and beat it again. Took me roughly 36 hours. Got all the confessions, collected all the coffers and stardust twice and completed all the side missions twice. The only items I used were Stardust and Revive potions.The Good:- The artwork, if you’re into that look.- Combat, though at times it could be incredibly frustrating and it was basically just all about timing your attacks.The Okay:- The DLC is all purely cosmetic or stat boosting (The Golem is an awful character by the way).- Not too many launch day bugs (as compared to other titles released by UbiSoft)- The story is simple, but decent.The Bad:- In New Game + mode you couldn't speed past cutscenes. It drove me absolutely crazy that I had to listen to the dialogue over again.- The writing is just terrible. They force every sentence to a rhyming structure, and they don't even do that well.- The puzzles are simplistic in nature and few and far between, don’t expect anything that requires actual thought.- The crafting system, why does it even exist? It lacks any sort of depth, and the game is easily played on hard mode while ignoring it.The Ugly:- Uplay on launch day of course was acting up- Uplay on Watch_Dogs Launch day was acting up even worseExpect not to be able to play whenever Ubisoft launches a new titleOverall:I really wanted to like this game since I'm such a huge RPG fan, but this felt as if it was designed for children. They released a patch within the month after release to fix some of the launch day bugs, but I never got to experience the game with that patch.EDIT: Also, last time I buy anything from Ubisoft before its on sale, this game has been out less than 2 months and it's already 25% off, with all DLC being 40%. Its akin to a slap in the face to those who pre-ordered or bought it when it was released. I rarely pre-order or buy during opening month, forever Transistor gave me a hungering for RPGs that could not be satiated so that's why I picked this up."
,Recommended,256290,20695559,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,dangerhighdoltage,"Funshine Bear was hurtling towards my screen with sniper precision. My 7-year old daughter is a stuffed toy-throwing expert. She *really* fell in love with the lead heroine, Aurora, and each dramatic encounter would leave her aghast as the story unfolded. In this case a plushie bear attack was warranted as Child of Light got real right there. Funshine Bear might have lost a bit of stuffing too. The game was my choice for our daddy-daughter gaming nights and we enjoyed it so much, it warranted two playthroughs.Upon first firing up the game, what immediately hits you will be the gorgeous artwork and orchestral music.  It grabs you by the arm and just fills your senses with a massive serotonin hit. Backgrounds are exquisitely crafted with several motifs ranging from grey-blue ghostly forests to lava-filled mountain passageways in the belly of a giant colossus.  Scene by scene, level by level, you will experience lush hand-drawn imagery and meticulously crafted character art design. Each level has it's own art tone, much like a watercolor painting that conveys emotion and depth.  Also, the characters you encounter have an amazing originality and natural warmth in their faces.  You'll easily be able to recall them even months after you complete the game.  Honestly, Child of Light has some of the most beautiful art direction I have ever seen.  At no point in the game does this attention to detail falter. It is consistently gorgeous with an air of childhood fantasy accentuated by it's unforgettable theme song.Then there is the story and dialogue, done entirely in iambic pentameter.  Which to some may be annoying, but I personally found it to be an amazing surprise.  My 7-year old followed it a bit more easily than some other games and the rhyming conveyed that fairytale vibe you'd expect.  I will say that after awhile, you do encounter some odd dialogue that either barely makes sense or doesn't seem to rhyme as well as other passages.  While it's not a major issue, sometimes I didn't quite follow what was being explained.  Doing an entire game in iambic pentameter is no easy task, so having a few odd bits here and there didn't really affect my enjoyment.The story follows a little princess from a kingdom in Austria that either died or mysteriously ended up in a mystical land called Lemuria.  I couldn't really follow how in the world she got to Lemuria, but almost all the story takes place there except for a few cut scenes of her father.  You explore and fight, gaining skills and friends who join your party along the way.  Each character is from a chapter in the story such as wizard villagers, giant mice with superb financial skills, an acrobat circus girl and her whiney missing brother, a giant soldier dude who seriously needs a manicure, and a young fish girl who probably has the coolest attack of all by knocking her opponents backwards to gain an attack advantage.  Boss battles tend to be tentacled monstrosities or evil villains turned into aquatic-looking baddies with minions.  You attack the tentacles or minions, but it's best to get the head as much as possible and don't bother to use any potions or life saves until the last few bosses because you will seriously need them then and only then.Gameplay consists of a really interesting blend of crafting gems for skill points, a time limited RPG attack system, and a very nice method of switching party members to change up the strategy.  It works quite well.  The fighting occurs along a time line, giving you some unique methods of attack and defending.  The gems can be used to help against evil monsters by bolstering your character powers with skill against certain elements such as fire, earth, water, or lightning.  However, if you are familiar with turn based combat, I'd suggest playing on the hardest level.  Eventually, you'll fall in a groove of picking the right set of persons to attack and the right partner to heal them regularly.  I'm not particularly good at turn based combat, but I didn't die until the last few boss battles.  Even my 7 year old girl was able to handle the majority of fights after she saw the way I beat them, and pretty much only asked for help with the bosses when she played by herself on the second playthrough.  It's a little too easy on the normal setting.  You'll have to play with the character selection a bit to figure out which one has the best attack, but other than that it's fairly straightforward.It's quite hard for me to critique this game, it has so many positives going for it.  Could it be a little less fairytale-ish? Um, yeah.  It could, but in doing so it loses some of that charm it's shooting for.  Was the combat boring? Not at all, occasionally tedious at worst.  With all the options given to you there is a lot to play around with in attacks and strategy.  Knock an enemy back in the timeline, defend until the right moment, switch out a character at the last moment, use the little firefly to slow down the enemy attack.  I could go on and on.  Do I really want to play a game about a little girl?  At first, not really.  Then as I played on I began to enjoy it quite a bit.  Child of Light has some of the best style, art, story, music, characters, and combat for such a small title.  I think the only weak link were some of the puzzles which were all on the easy side.  There were a few side quests to do, but I only did half of them.  It was preferable to enjoy the game story and combat rather look around for quests to complete.  This game shines brightly and is well worth the time to finish to the end. I highly recommend it"
76561198005401359,Not Recommended,256290,16888444,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Extra_one,"I have Uplay account. but when I start this game, GODDAM uplay doesn't allow me to log in. even if my account sign in well at ubi website. I don't know this game's quality because I cannot play this, but publisher make me so annoying."
76561198089598576,Recommended,256290,31967545,Posted: 26 May,all,gamboge daedric potato,"The game glitched out and we couldn't close it for eight days, now we have 515 hours10/10"
76561198005136060,Not Recommended,256290,18427302,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Flantomas,"UPLAY is a dealbreaker, do not buy this game if you like your  games to work without issues."
,Not Recommended,256290,16751601,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Finikksu,"I liked the soundtrack, the mechanics and the idea. But the story in itself wasn't something really well written, was a bit.. cliche, the sidequest on the other hand were more immaginate than the main one. The members of the party were too similar and not really important, I mean there is some I never used aside for potion using. Also there is 1 member of the part who left and there is no way of getting it again, so all the equipement, lvl up and upgrades are lost. For a ""Pseudo"" open world since you can travel back as much as you want, there is never a real reason for that, aside from extra items and maybe achievements, but for story of lvl grinding is totally useless. As a final thing, Uplay, there is no reason for it to be using Uplay aside of use Disk Storage and sell you DLC. That is another thing, the DLCs are all totally useless, some give you items you get in-game with no trouble, some are skins (ok fine) and only 1 give you something relatively new, a party member, not even more story.I'm glad I brought this game when on sale, because is totally not worth the full price, heck no even 2/3 of that price."
,Recommended,256290,12499474,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Chandler,"A charming game with beautiful visuals, fun combat, and a decent story.This isn't the best game I've played, far from it, but it was well made and enjoyable enough. After my saunter through the main story and a few side quests (8-9 hours), I was ready to be done. I left a few side quests unfinished. After you beat the game you are given the option to keep playing and finish what you started, but I was ready to be done. Also, the first time I tried to play it didn't really take with me. Not sure if the beginning is very boring or if I was in the wrong mood.If you're unfamiliar with the game, it's a sidescrolling RPG with a turn based combat system similar to maybe an old Final Fantasy game. The entire game is presented as a children's story, and everyone rhymes everything they say. This leads to a few funny moments but can get pretty old. The story is a children's story cliche, but it's done well enough.There is a good value for the asking price (even not on sale, 15 bucks isn't bad!). It's really nice to see a AAA studio take a chance and do something that isn't another iteration of their tried and true franchises and make a game like this. So although not perfect, I'm glad this game exists, and I recommend you play it if the subject matter interests you."
,Not Recommended,256290,21032463,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Caiterpie,"Just like everybody else, I can't play the game because Uplay ""can't connect."" Glad I bought it on sale."
76561198003132034,Not Recommended,256290,18375379,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,aramann,I would love to play this but F*ck having to create an account to play an offline game.
76561198115303847,Recommended,256290,14991477,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,oOFate/SteinerOo,"With Beautiful Artwork along with wonder-like theme soundtrack.Child of Light is one of the most Unique RPG I've ever played.With a little to be known about this game. Child of Light Deservesto be Recognition in everyway. If you love RPG games,you might notwant to miss out this Fantastic Game.8.5/10 - I've just noticed that I never review a bad game haven't I ?"
,Not Recommended,256290,17082153,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,Pros: Great for people who love extra DRMCons: Requires installtion of 3rd-party DRM to play
,Recommended,256290,10045662,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"I thought it was fun. The RPG elements were cool and the gameplay was pretty decent. The battle system was stellar and certainly hearkened back to game days of old. The artwork was amazing. The game was truly beautiful. The story wasnt stellar in my opinion. It was decent but also forgettable. According to Steam, I put 11.6 hours into the game, and according to UPlay, I have 4 achievements left. I probably wont put any more time into the game to wrap up those loose ends unless I'm bored on day, especially since all that is tied to Uplay, which provides almost no motivation to try and wrap up challenges other than to feed the completionist in me, which is almost non-existent anyway.Overall, I think I would give it 8 out of 10 for gameplay, but probably 6 out of 10 for story, and 10 out of 10 for artwork.Recommend, but not at $15 price tag."
,Recommended,256290,17052494,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Kaká,"Dá uma luz mesmo de satisfação, esse jogo. É lindo, tem músicas cativantes e tem uma história MUITO bacana.O jogo é muito gostosinho, eu tenho um tédio muito grande por RPG de TURNO mas esse me prendeu. Os personagens são divertidos e interessantes, os ambientes incríveis e fantasiosos e a protagonista tem uma personalidade que te convence a se passar por ela e enfrentar junto a ela tudo o que ela tem de enfrentar.Sobre o coop, não cheguei a jogar mas  acho que é uma opção até válida porém não tem a mesma emoção do que o single, porque são personagens diferentes e o player 2 vai ter ações minimizadas no jogo pois não joga com a protagonista.O jogo possui muitos bosses porém sem dificuldade para vencê-los, somente paciência. Talvez você pode se perder um pouco ou esquecer do que deve fazer mas basta abrir o menu (que tem indicação da sua próxima tarefa) e você ainda possui o recurso de ""viagem-rápida"" também através do menu para não ter que voltar tooooooodos aqueles caminhos, cidades, lugares, morros nos seus ""próprios pés"" - que encurta bastante seu tempo para caso precise ir a um local longe para fazer quests a parte.Eu sei que muita gente sempre reclamou da Uplay, mas para a minha primeira vez utilizando-a não tive um problema sequer (inclusive as ""ações"" de lá funcionavam muito bem). Sobre os saves, parece que há um erro, mas eu nunca executava o jogo por lá e sim somente pela Steam e nunca perdi nada."
76561198056321703,Not Recommended,256290,15979981,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,T-Wrecks,"I would love to play this game, the only problem is I can't because it has un-needed double DRM courtesy of ♥♥♥♥ing Ubisoft. There is no point in requiring a second DRM service when Steam already is one. As long as this game requires Uplay, I can't recommend this game to anyone. It's too bad too, because the game looks great. Save your money for an actual indie game that isn't made by a gutter tier company like Ubisoft."
76561198049075217,Not Recommended,256290,16347252,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,RipTide,The gameplay itself is a poor vessel for delivering the incredible art and audio/visual design to your face. I didn't feel engaged with the characters or the story and the shallow game mechanics put me off. If you enjoy arty stuff then you will probably still get your money's worth just going on the easiest difficulty and 'watching' the game rather than going in with the mindset that you are going to play something.The lack of depth coupled with Uplay is enough for me to unfortunately have to give a thumbs down on recommending this game.
,Not Recommended,256290,18548837,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Chester,The game is great. The art is great. Too bad you have to use Uplay to launch the game.
76561198005603053,Recommended,256290,12867635,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Jennifyre,"Even in our darkest moments if we look hard enough theres a spark of light.Of all the games I played this year,  I think this one is my favorite. This game tells the story of a little princess who wakes up in a strange fantasy world that she must save. It's really refreshing to see a Princess saving herself and not the other way around! The world the artwork and the storytelling are BEAUTIFUL. Every line in the game is literally a verse of poetry. It's not always perfect but it's still awfully cute. Aurora is adorable and there are plenty of awesome characters you'll meet along the way.The combat is a pretty basic. It's Turned based like Final Fantasy with a couple twists. It's not very hard and if you have ever played a video game before I reccomend Expert difficulty otherwise the game might end up boring you. The fights get more challenging as the game progresses but aside from boss fights I never really had a problem.Oh and did I mention the music? The music in this game is incredible. When i first bought the game I listened to the title screen for a while before actually playing <3 Here's a link to the OST if you end up enjoying it as much as me.http://musique.coeurdepirate.com/album/child-of-lightOverall I think this is a great game. I really enjoyed it and reccomend it to anyone who like turned based RPGs and wonderful stories!"
,Recommended,256290,13323529,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Vino [Olive Garden],"A jrpg, ten hours lightWith Interesting combat (all too rare)A protagonist gifted with flightExploring land, ocean, airAfter completing the story, I've one complaintDespite beautiful art, music as wellIn the tapestry of the game, a flaw in the paint:The writing is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as hellPoetry isn't just rhyming wordsAnd often, they don't even tryRhythm and meter are just ignoredSee what I did there? Annoying, right?Ubisoft, this review took five minutes to writeBut flows more naturally than your entire gameTell me how it is that Child of LightProse-wise, is so stilted and lame?"
,Recommended,256290,28620143,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Echocatt,"Fantastic visuals and a beautiful soundtrack, plus a combat system that never gets old. For lovers of fantasy games like Ori and the Blind Forest and a Story About My Uncle, this is an experience you'll love."
76561198125406998,Recommended,256290,15818680,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,LAOG,"Great art, great story, and overall great game. These type of games are what really makes you appreciate what these developers can make. Only negative is that you couldn't interact more with the beautiful environment."
,Not Recommended,256290,30642205,Posted: 20 March,all,Xuchilbara,"Yet another game for which I wished there was a ""neutral"" review option. Child of Light is not a bad game, however it has many little defects that prevent it from being the real gem it could have been. I'll briefly explain what are the pros and cons of the game in my opinion.PROs:+ Beautiful visual style and art direction.+ Simple but effective combat system, which is an interesting variation of the classic ATB-based system often seen in JRPGs like Final Fantasy; the player has the possibility to influence in real time the speed of his enemies, thus making combat more dynamic.+ Tactical boss battles; bosses are pretty smart and strong and you'll need to plan your moves carefully when facing them if you don't want to be defeated, especially when playing at the higher difficulty.+ Good variety of playable characters and skills.+ Nice soundtrack.CONs:- You can only deploy two characters in battle at a time, which limits a lot strategy and often makes you feel like you have too many characters and too little space. Most boss battles require a continuous change of formation in order to be able to use the proper skills at the proper time, which often leads to waste more turns than necessary.- Some characters are rarely useful and towards the end of the game you'll pretty much always use the same ones.- The game is fairly short for an RPG (the 20+ hours I've spent on it were way more than enough to finish it, and I lost a good amount of time trying to farm gems and exp until I got bored) and there's no real need to exp your characters to the full extent of their skill trees in order to progress. There's also no real need to craft all the perfect gems to be equipped, also because finding all the necessary ones would require a lot of grinding. The longevity can be extended by playing a New Game+ but since there's no real change or reward for doing it, most people won't bother.- The story is very basic, despite the interesting presentation and the peculiar rhymed narration, and that's just awful for a RPG like this. Yes, there is some lore (god I'm starting to hate this word) to be reconstructed by finding confessions, but it's nothing particularly detailed or deep. Most of the backstory is left to the imagination and all focus is on the simple main plot.- Not a defect of the game itself, but it requires a Uplay account to be played. It wasn't a problem for me to create one but I really find stupid to use two DRMs for a single game. If Ubisoft didn't want people to play this anywhere else than on their platform, they shouldn't have allowed Valve to sell it on Steam. Period.Considering all I think that Child of Light is a flawed little gem that could be worth a play but only if picked at sale price and only if you're not looking for deep gameplay or story. Otherwise you'll be very disappointed. I honestly expected much more from this title considering its fame and the enthusiastic reviews, but I guess that nowadays people are just too much inclined to see all the positive aspects of something they knee-jerk like and forget about objectivity."
76561198003870838,Not Recommended,256290,19347759,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Coach,Requires a uplay log-in :(
,Recommended,256290,29370767,Posted: 19 January,all,Mr.Hipster,"A shining example of the powers of adventure, and what a well-realised fairy-tale world can do for a gaming experience. Child of Light is magnificent journey that deserves both your attention and your time."
76561198157078199,Not Recommended,256290,16619890,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,TreewalkerR,Had to creat a uplay account.-10/10
,Recommended,256290,31166387,Posted: 15 April,all,LadyAmahara,"Beautiful game with an awesome soundtrack. Gets a bit repetitive after a while with the types of battles, but still was a fun and pretty game!"
,Recommended,256290,24002535,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"A fairy tale of a game with wistful music and dreamlike environments, and an incredibly open feeling world due to being allowed to fly freeform through the entire thing.The game tells the story of an Austrian Princess, Aurora, who ends up in a mystical fantasy world called Lemuria, told that she must save the world from the evil Queen and recover the Sun and Moon, with the help of her magical crown, magical sword, and her friends. From there begins a rhyming journey across Lemuria, meeting jesters, gnomes, beasts, and more that join your party. The game is set up in JRPG fashion, with turn based battles that are reminiscient of Grandia with the use of the timeline, and interruption skills that let you halt and delay enemy attacks, and let them do the same to you. Your party levels up constantly, and while individual levels don't offer too much, over time you accure new skills, upgrade old ones, and get a steady feed of progress across your entire party (as even inactive party members get full XP!) Equipment is handled through the use of ""Oculi"", colored gems that can be combined with themselves to make bigger versions with new effects, or with other colors, entirely new versions with new powers.Party members are all useful in their own way, and I found myself using all of them except the final party member you get, a great deal. They tend to be split along usual lines, physical attackers, healers, tanks, magical attackers, and etc, along with a party member who specializes in manipulating the timelines. Each character has three separate skill trees they can go down that emphasizes particular skills and stats, and Stardust, found through the game, can be used to permanently increase  acharacter's stats, allowing you to customize them further (or just feed them all to Aurora because the main character should obviously be the best at everything.)The game feels just long enough to tell the story it wants to tell, and the world helps it every chance it gets. The music is immersive, the art and world are watercolored and move you across lots of different environments. Honestly the only thing I felt really detracted from the game was the forced rhyming scheme. It doesn't follow any real rhythm and just focuses on trying to rhyme lines regardless of length. One party member has recurring issues finishing rhymes and it's lampshaded by another party member constantly, which might actually be the best part of the whole rhyming gimmick.There's two major downsides to this game though:1: It's an Ubisoft game so it comes bundled with uPlay. This is your own thing to deal with, unfortunately. It didn't bother me.2: The DLC is straight cashgrab stuff. The Golem character's quest takes about two minutes and he is ultimately forgettable, but useful. The rest is complete cashgrab items that aren't even good - you can acquire them from the first few treasure chests to come across. To provide context: It takes dozens of lower gems to make the higher ones, in a 3 -> 1 ratio. Don't buy the DLCs unles you really want the other dresses for Aurora.... or the Heal skill unlocked for Aurora that comes from the Light Aurora pack. The healer you get in the game works perfectly fine though, and she's the first party member you meet.Wonderful game and absolutely worth the price of admission."
76561198062301817,Recommended,256290,29282486,Posted: 15 January,all,Rhythm Raph,"I like those small Ubisoft games. Child of Light has colorful characters, an adorable art style and an engaging gameplay. It's quite fun to have all of the text written in verses; it's definitely something that makes this game stands out.I just wish the soundtrack was more diverse (I feel like I'm listening to the same theme with a few variations as well as two or three battle songs) and that the gameplay didn't feel so repetitive after some time. I changed the difficulty settings at chapter 7 or 8 not because it was too difficult, but because I was tired of the battles and wanted to rush them."
,Recommended,256290,15615567,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,dpuza,"Beautiful game, really captures the feeling of a children's fairy tale.  Classic Final Fantasy style game play is familiar yet really smooth and just feels right.  The characters are really balanced.  I ended up relying on pretty much all of them and they complement each other really well.  It's fun flying everywhere.I recommend skipping the DLC, however.  Most of it is BS in-game consumables.The co-op mode is a bit weak with a second player able to control the ""ball of light"" helper, which a single player is perfectly capable of controlling as it is.  The second player is pretty limited.These are minor complaints though.  Overall it's a great game which I really enjoyed and felt it was worth it.  You will likely enjoy it if you're a fan of this type of turn based RPG."
,Recommended,256290,28448170,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Cloudz,10/10 music10/10 artstyle10/10 story+ poetry+ turn based combat!10/10 GAME
,Recommended,256290,26359393,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Kanzooki,"To be honest, this game possesses what so many other games lack.The strength of Child of Light is the combination of the brilliant music, a sweet story and amazing art and animation which creates a truly immersive and beautiful gameplay experience.The combat isn't anything complicated but requires a surprising amount of experience for optimal battles. I actually really liked how the action/casting bar functioned because it requires you to defend more than you would do perhaps in other games - I typically would never go near a defend button in a turn-based game.If I had a problem with the game, it would be that it didn't last as long as I wished it would, it was kinda short (full completion 12hrs on story-focus difficulty). Regardless, I really enjoyed it and found myself stopping to admire the setting more often than not."
,Recommended,256290,10226401,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Bombadil,"I've played the entire game through twice now, and I feel comfortable in saying that, on the whole, I would recommend Child of Light to anyone who asked. But that doesn't mean it's without major flaws. As much as I enjoyed playing the game, the longer I did so, the more I became convinced of one thing: Child of Light is a decent game that could’ve been a GREAT game with better story and character development.Before I further explain that thought, let me leave you with a list of things I really, really liked about Child of Light (in no particular order):1. Aurora. Despite my (soon-to-be-explained) issues with the character development, I enjoyed playing her because she’s a character with real agency. Over the course of the game, she makes a series of tough decisions using her own intuition and courage, and the narrative never treats her with condescension, or undermines her ability to make those choices.2. The combat system. This is one of my favorite parts of the game. It’s a classic RPG turn-based system with nifty little twists. Your party members and the enemies appear on a single timeline at the bottom of the screen; the speed at which each character reaches the end of the timeline determines who attacks when. The nifty part is that the player can slow down the enemies’ progress on the timeline—and even interrupt their attacks—thus adding an extra layer of strategy.3. The variety in party members. There are a lot of characters who join your party over the course of the game, and they each have different strengths. This gives you plenty of options in battle, and you can customize your combat style to suit particular enemies. As an added bonus, you can easily swap out party members in the middle of a battle and still have the newly-swapped-in party member attack on the same turn. I was really thrilled about that. More skilled gamers than I might find it too easy, but I enjoyed it. It actually gives you a chance to try out all these characters that you otherwise might never play.4. This is rather an obvious point, but the art. The visuals are simply stunning in this game. There’s so much visual depth to appreciate--I wondered if the art-style would make the background look flat and obviously one-dimensional, but it doesn't at all. The artists and developers also did a good job of integrating the moving characters into the painted scenery. They don’t look disparate or disjointed. It’s all very cohesive and lovely.5. Exploring the world. In large part because of the gorgeous art, it’s really fun to just fly around and look. I liked poking around all the areas of the game and soaking it in.6. (I'm sorry, I must all caps this because I WAS SO HAPPY ABOUT IT.) YOU CAN FLY FOR AS LONG AS YOU WANT WITH NO STUPID, HALF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ IMPOSED LIMITS.7. The hints and undertones of myth. This is another element I wish had been better developed, but what information we do get about the world’s history and legend is intriquing to me. It creates a nice ambiance, even if it isn't as prominent or developed as I would've liked.So, bearing in mind all the things this game does really well… I have to say, I was fairly disappointed in the storyline and the character development. Those are the two great weaknesses of Child of Light, and I think that's worth knowing before purchasing the game.The story’s greatest shortcoming is its pacing. It starts off interesting enough—the main character, Aurora, appears to die in “the real world” and then wakes up in Lemuria, a fairytale world—and she spends the rest of the game trying to get back home. The pacing is fine in the beginning of the game (central conflict is established), and stays fine toward the middle of the game (central conflict gets more complicated) … but then the “middle” of the game suddenly becomes the end of the game; in what I honest-to-goodness thought was the middle of the story, the end-stage of the story came hurtling at me, and I found myself fighting the final boss, and everything was wrapped up in ten to fifteen minutes. As a player, I was left wondering what the hell just happened (wasn’t I just in the middle of a quest? Shouldn’t there have been more conflict before THE FINAL CONFLICT?). The ending is very, very rushed and therefore feels very, very forced.  I seriously thought I was still in the middle of the story when I came to what was obviously the final dungeon—that’s the kind of rushed I’m talking about.If I had to break it down, I’d say 60% of the game is decently paced, but that last 40%—the part of the story that should feel EARNED, that should be a natural progression of what comes before it—is like a freaking whirlwind. There’s so much wasted potential in the narrative. And that’s the most disappointing part: if the writers/developers had invested more time in developing the middle-end and end of the story, it could’ve been so great. It had all the potential in the world, and then wham. Here’s your hat and coat, show’s over ladies and gentlemen.I think the poor character development goes hand-in-hand with the rushed story. If the narrative had been better-developed, I imagine the characters would’ve been better-developed too. As it is, they get left behind with the rest of the game's potential. The other major flaw with character development is that the writers told rather than showed. Most of what passed for development in the side characters—hints at personal back story and motives for joining the party—are all told rather baldly in dialogue, and that’s it. What you’re told is precisely and only what you get. There’s some cute dialogue between the various characters, but it’s all very surface-level and never leads anywhere significant. There’s no conflict or independent action or progression with them. This is the down side to an item on my pro list: because there are so many party members, none of them get the time and attention needed for real development.The most developed character is Aurora, but her character arc has a lot of the aforementioned problems. I will say, though, that she has more urgency in her story—she has something very real to lose, and that creates organic conflict around her choices and actions. So I do applaud that part of her development—it just could’ve been SO much better with the right pacing.So there you go. This game does a lot of things right, but because of its bad pacing, it really suffers in the story and character department. Ultimately, I enjoyed my experience playing the game, but if a haphazard ending will ruin the experience for you, it might be better to walk away."
76561198052983021,Recommended,256290,10193318,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,jvgocavs_2000,"What a wonderful game child of light is.  Beautiful 2d water color graphics pop out at you constantly depicting a dreary forest, and ancient monastery, a mountain mouse village and many other vibrant story book places you will visit on your journey.  The combat is rather simplistic turn based affair, think old school final fantasy except you have a gauge at the bottom of the screen that determines your attack time and you can use a particular friendly ally and some various skills to manipulate it in your favor.  There are many magical and physical attack skills to learn as you level up, giving you some customization and control over your party.  There is also a deep crafting where you build magic stones and charms to power up your equipment.  Lots of interesting characters to meet and some will even join you on your journey to reunite your family.  Best of all every party member you get has a particular style of play so strategy comes in as to who you play when, and you can swap them in and out during battle.  Lots of side quests and nooks and crannies to explore, if you are a completionist or just like to peer in every corner of the world you will be rewarded.  Just enough of a challenge on normal, more experienced RPGers should skip to hard.  One of the better turn based rpgs in a long while, a must play for rpg fans and anyone seeking a whimsical adventure."
,Recommended,256290,12995256,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Tom,"Brilliant little turn based RPG Final Fantasy'esk game. I had been sitting on this game for a number of months since purchasing in the sale. I had often thought the graphics would not suite me, but they really are enchanting once you start playing.The colourful scenery, water effects, and lighting makes this a very pretty 2D game.  I really enjoyed the story. It wasn't too short, and wasn't too long, which some games sometime seem to suffer from. I wasn't too keen on the fact you don't really have a ""quest log"" to view all of your side quests, they all seem to get jumbled up in your item inventory, why, i have no idea?The combat system in very simple. Two of your party members fight up to three enemies at any one time. You can switch members around in the midst of combat so you can always try and get the advantage over the enemy.This game is really an enjoyment play through. 100% worth the price tag of £11,99, so if you can get it cheaper in a sale, you have yourself a huge bargin!"
,Not Recommended,256290,21082367,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,itanshi,"uplay network has been down for 3 days at least. DRM sucks, refunding.I want to like the game, I really do."
,Recommended,256290,12368525,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,「Blanc」,"Wonderful game.Among the advantages:+ Interesting storyline.+ Very beautiful location.+ Atmospheric soundtrack, which is ideal to the events from game.Among the few drawbacks:- Slightly bored with fights. But for me it isn't much affected on sensations from game.Total 9 Auror out of 10.I recommend it."
,Recommended,256290,10475945,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,internisus,"The difficulty of reviewing role-playing games is that they so often seem more an assembly of parts than a sum, and, while Child of Light's parts do cohere nicely, it remains a challenge to describe as a whole rather than a collection of discrete elements.  Perhaps this reveals that its coherence is an illusion, or it could just be the nature of the genre.  It's a game that clearly has a soul, but that soul doesn't seem to come from a single auteur so much as a group of artists and designers working hard to ensure that their ideas coalesce.  At times, they strain themselves, but to their credit the seams rarely show.Child of Light is a Japanese-style role-playing game along the lines of Final Fantasy but agreeably streamlined.  You play from a side-on perspective, traveling through landscapes filled with roving enemies, environmental hazards, simple puzzles, and secret paths and alcoves.  Exploration is a pleasure because of the freedom afforded by the ability to fly in all directions, and each area feels fluidly laid out and is full of treasure to discover.  The protagonist, Aurora, is accompanied by a light elemental named Igniculus who can interact with objects and stun enemies, enabling Aurora to move past them without a fight or to get behind them for a surprise attack.Battles pit Aurora and one of her companions against an enemy set of up to three, and all participants move along a timeline displayed at the bottom of the screen.  This timeline is the core of Child of Light.  It is divided into two regions: a long wait period and a short cast period.  When a combatant reaches the threshold between them, s/he chooses an action to perform.  The cast time for any given action depends upon the character's speed and the specific action itself, and, if a character is successfully attacked during his/her cast period, the action is interrupted and s/he gets set back on the timeline.  The only exception is for defending, which has no cast time; thus, when choosing a character's action, the player must decide whether it can be completed before an enemy attacks or whether it is best to be safe and defend, effectively forfeiting the turn.  Finally, Igniculus provides the flexibility of control: the player can position him over a single foe at a time, slowing it down as it cowers from his light.  This allows you to make tactical decisions constantly, changing a turn-based game into something much more directly involved.Many of the best systems in videogames are very simple but allow for great depth, and Child of Light accomplishes this by providing lots of tools that can be used to manipulate the timeline.  The items that are hidden throughout the world are gems that confer attributes when equipped.  Some of these are standard RPG fare such as fire, water, and lightning offensive and defensive affinities, increased damage resistance or attack power, and bonuses to hit points and magic points, but the most useful—and interesting—gems affect the timeline.  Tourmaline grants attacks the possibility of paralyzing their targets, citrine yields a chance to set enemies back on the timeline, and spinel causes characters to begin every turn with a bump forward.  A crafting system allows the player to improve or transmute these gems as strategy requires.  The final piece of the puzzle is the characters' skills, which are quite varied.  In addition to the expected haste and slow effects, there are skills that set enemies back on the timeline, jump allies forward for a set number of turns, paralyze enemies for a given duration, and prevent interruption altogether during the cast phase.  Enemies provide their own interesting wrinkles, though; particularly later in the game, many will counter your interruptions with their own buffs, requiring you to alter your tactics and show restraint even when you have the opportunity to prevent them from acting.Dominating a group of dangerous enemies by carefully controlling the timeline is quite satisfying.  However, Child of Light, being a role-playing game, cannot be won through skill alone.  If you play on Expert difficulty—and you should, as Casual is too easy to allow you to experience the depth that its systems have to offer—you need to make thoughtful use of the gems that you find and craft while exploring, your different characters' skills, and your real-time ability to selectively slow enemies; but you also need the numbers to back that all up.  If your characters don't progress at a sufficient rate during their adventure, no amount of tactical mastery will make up for their statistical shortcomings.That's where the game's main design flaw comes into play.  To be fair, it's not entirely Child of Light's fault; this is a problem inherited from the long tradition of Japanese role-playing games.  While placing enemies within the game world for the player to avoid or engage at will happily eschews the standard exasperation of constant random battles, it represents a hypocrisy of intent since, while battles are made to appear optional, they really just aren't.  Taking advantage of this opportunity to avoid combat gradually puts players at an increasing disadvantage; those who are careful to circumvent what enemies they can will find their characters underpowered when theyareforced to fight.  The ability to bypass battles sounds great on paper, but its implementation requires a more thoughtful approach for making it challenging to do so and for rewarding successful evasion with character progression to substitute for the experience that would have been gained through those battles.  For the player, the workaround is simple: make sure to fight enemies regularly throughout the game, even though you don't have to.  It's unfortunate and disingenuous for a game to indirectly force us to regulate our behavior like this, consciously preventing ourselves from taking advantage of an ostensibly viable gameplay option, but the problem does disappear in practice once one reconciles promise with reality.As you're likely to have noticed already, Child of Light is remarkably composed of watercolor art in motion.  It's gorgeous from the start and straight through for the entire 20 or so hours it lasts.  The score by Cœur de pirate, the stage name of musician and composer Béatrice Martin, infuses the game with the most pervasive melancholy, albeit one occasionally relieved by notes of triumph.  This music might actually be the strongest aspect of the entire game: it thoroughly characterizes the experience and often seems more profound than the fairy tale narrative warrants.The fundamental plot is clichéd, all evil stepmothers and light in the dark, but it is rescued in the telling due to the novelty of its rhymed verse.  Some may find it precious or cloying, but it charmed me.  While the writing can certainly come across as forced at times, it always arrives in bite-sized chunks, so no fault is ever severe.  There are plenty of dialogue exchanges that made me laugh or feel affection for the characters, and Child of Light plays with form by intentionally deviating from its rhyme in a couple of key moments.  Unfortunately, despite presenting a well-paced journey overall, the final moments of the game are rushed and sadly don't provide as satisfying a conclusion as they should.Although my opinion of Child of Light may sound measured in some respects, this is the result of taking a step back from the game to think about it critically; the truth is that I delighted in my time playing it.  Both established fans of RPGs and those curious enough to try a streamlined gateway into the genre should consider it highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,256290,10078070,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,jemmons,"Pretty game with great mechanic that is ultimately unsatisfying due to basic failures in storytelling.And not just dialog (which is terrible due to the misguided decision to frame everything in 5th-grade-love-poem-rhyming-couplets). Basic things. Like, never once did I know why I was doing anything. I had to get the sun. I had to get the stars. But why? What was at stake? Oh, I have a sister? When did that happen? I'm the daughter of a king but I don't want to be a princess? huh?There's a whole lot here. The game actually has a fair amount of backstory that it just completely fails to convey. Which is a shame. With a little basic storytelling competency, all these parts could have come together to be greater than their sum.As it is, it's a cute game with an unsatisfying endgame."
76561198033376124,Recommended,256290,19879576,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,PenguinScratch,"Charming game full of a rhyming story line.Oh my the gameplay so fine!The one thing I do not see fit,into Uplay I must go...makes me want to quit.Get past this and a good time shall be hadwhere things shall be experienced, both happy and sad."
76561197984275550,Recommended,256290,24324429,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,StarCore,"Clearly a game worthy of its price, reduction or not.Pros :- The game is surprisingly long. With that kind of game you would usually expect about 5 hours of lifetime. This one will take you approximately 15-20 hours to reach the end, unless you rush it like an idiot. If you like to complete games to 100%, you can add another 10 hours to that already long lifetime.- The combat system is nice. It's strongly inspired from the one from Final Fantasy but with some extra mechanisms like the possibility to interrupt or be interupting during the casting time of an action, the possibility to slow down a specific opponent using your mouse, etc.- The graphics are really sweet, colorful and yet sober.- There are plenty of little things hidden here and there that will push you to explore every place in order to find them. These hidden things can be gemstones or various bonuses, poems or even new hidden characters that can join your group. This is something that we used to see a lot a decade ago in games like Zelda OoT and that we see less and less in nowadays videos games where exploration is not rewarding you.Cons :- Sometimes you have to solve enigmas by doing some specific actions to advance in the level. These enigmas are not bad, but they are very simple to solve and are rather redundant. Must of the time it's pushing/pulling a box to the right place or using your mouse to create a shadow on a wall and aim it at something.- The gem combination system itself is nice, but the game doesn't provide enough information about it. You can hardly know what are the possible combinations unless you look them up on wikis or find them by luck.- You're forced to install and use Uplay to play the game. I already have enough crap on my computer, I don't really like being forced to install another privacy invading game client that sucks extra RAM on my PC just to play a game. Steam is already enough."
76561197976797679,Recommended,256290,29318325,Posted: 17 January,all,Larsson,Great game! Very beautiful and simple. I really like the take on the turnbased battle system.
76561198090645009,Recommended,256290,32962762,Posted: 28 June,all,AngeLuiSancheZ,Take my like and my tears
,Recommended,256290,34057591,Posted: 6 August,all,Sirithre,"Child of Light is an absolutely gorgeous game. The artstyle is beautiful, the music is memorable, the writing and story are a delight (as long as you don't get too annoyed at all the rhyming.)  The combat can get a bit repetitive, but if you're familiar with RPGs and the occasional need to level-grind, you shouldn't have much issue with it.Although combat is turned based, there's a lot of platforming-based travel, which can be a bit of a turnoff for some. But I believe it struck a pretty good balance.The only downside I see is, of course, uPlay."
,Recommended,256290,10320637,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Taylalilulelo,"I'm not a fan of side scrolling games but this one is worth it especially for the price. The turn-based battles are fun and have alot of depth which starts to shine in the end-game. The graphics are charming and the physics have a real ""umph"" to them. Especially the protagonists hair."
76561198042730544,Recommended,256290,23529086,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,SonOfaChipwich,"Child of Light is a lovely little experience. It has a fairy princess, magical dwarves, and even mouse capitalism!"
76561198034888313,Not Recommended,256290,18802396,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Sedina,"Child of Light is an interesting game, but unfortunately it just isn't very fun. As other reviewers have said, the art is incredible. The combat, however, is a mix of frustrating and boring - not a good pair of attributes to blend in a game that's heavily focused on leveling up. Child of Light is a good thing to watch, but it just isn't very fun to play.Unlike many JRPGs, this game has gorgeous art and an actually interesting story. Each of your party members has a unique skill tree, as well as some unique dialog to carry you through the game. The story is told in bits of conversation, scraps of poetry, and the overall world design. In a way, it invokes the same sort of feeling as the much-vaunted Dark Souls: the game does not make you sit through pages of dialog, but the story is in the world if you want it. You don't need to pay attention to it if you don't want to, though, which is also nice. Most quests come as side quests, so you can comfortably ignore whatever you like.Levels are open and interesting, with enough nooks and crannies to keep exploration interesting. The game - on normal difficulty - loads you down with potions and other consumables, so even though you don't need the loot, it's still fun to get. You'll enjoy the light / dark theme that plays out in each level. Child of Light uses a few basic light mechanics (shadows, brightness, etc) over and over, but it still feels relatively fresh since the puzzles are kept very simple.Unfortunately, the combat is just unpleasant. In the beginning of the game, I enjoyed it, but by the end, I was desperately avoiding combat because it just took too long and was too frustrating.The mechanics of combat have been described by many other reviewers, so I won't re-tread that ground. The interrupt mechanic is just poorly implemented, and whenever you get interrupted (which will happen a LOT), the game continues to yell at you that using the Defend option will ""prevent interruption"". It doesn't. Defend skips your turn in exchange for increasing your defense and giving yourself a speed boost towards the cast meter. Defend does not prevent skill interruption, and I spent the first couple of hours frustrated that the game was telling me otherwise.With the gems (occuli) slotted, each of your fighters becomes specialized. So for each combat, you have a choice. You can either hit for low damage (i.e. using a Earth gem versus a Fire creature does no bonus damage) and immediately get countered for 3-6 times your damage. Or, you can swap out characters over and over. While you're doing this, you're continually getting interrupted and stunlocked. Defend, as I explained above, won't fix the issue since you ultimately will need to attack at some point.I really didn't enjoy the combat at all."
,Recommended,256290,23046141,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,NeoRizer,"IntroductionAlright so Child of Light, interesting game, I won't go in to overly pretentious detail about what you can expect from this game in terms of artistic style because let's face it, it's all subjective, if you like what you see, then you're already interested. I'm not here to tempt you in to appreciating it's art style, I'm just here to give you the facts of what you can expect.However I will warn you that all the dialog is spoken in riddles and poems that rhyme... just let that sink in. It's not like you really have to pay attention to the story any way, it's fairly cliche drivel that you've seen before... If you've seen any Disney princess movie then you already know what to expect.How does it play? / Overall ImpressionsWell it starts off as you'd expect from watching trailers and such, a 2D platformer with RPG elements, leveling up, skill trees and a huge party roster, half of which won't get much, if any, exposure due to novelty or situational skill set they have.The problem with this game is the pacing... You think it's going to be kind of clunky and slow to start but shortly after the first boss encounter (about an hour in) you gain the ability to fly. Once you have this ability, that's it, you can pretty much traverse all the terrain in the game, there is no place out of reach. I foud this rather odd and it was a tad overwhelming. There is no limit on the amount of time you can fly either, like you literally just jump in the air, press the jump button again and that's it, flight mode...Another point of note is that there are locked doors in the first couple areas, these doors can never be opened so don't bother wasting your time. There's nothing behind them and you never get a key or a side quest for them... just locked buildings for the sake of it...This gave me the impression that this game was rushed, and upon further inspection, I think it kind of was, the end of the game just seems to kind of hit you really hard and fast and I never really felt like there was a ""long way to go""... I finished it in just under 12 hours, two sittings, fairly short game, but again, it's 15 dollars. Honestly I'm not sure why this game is getting 9's and 10's... To be fair and honest, it's more like a 7 but I've found some pretty heinous glitches in it which lowered it's score for me to around a 6.5 / 10... It definitely needed more polish.That doesn't mean it's a bad game or a game not worth playing, but there are just some things I can't overlook when it comes to video games... I'm a bit of a stickler for poor design and glitches that ruin my over all experience... Enthrall me with a story as much as you want, it's still a video game in the end, not a movie... So when things are bugging out, I can't overlook it.Obnoxious Bugs / Glitches To Look Out ForAs you may or may not know, this game has a BUTT LOAD of collectible items in it, and the game conveniently keeps track of all of this stuff, you have 16 letters to collect, over 400 treasure chests and around 50 upgrade items. Here's where the fun stops...So I'm fairly O.C.D. when it comes to getting 100% in games, especially one as simple as this, so I felt up to the challenge, unfortunately there were a few isntances where I wanted to smash something.If you initiate the battle sequence (touch an enemy) while opening a chest or collecting an item the game will glitch. Upon exiting the battle the chest will be open / the item will be gone from the map, the problem is you won't have collected it. Instead you have to re-open the open chest or re-collect the item again even though it is no longer visible. BE CAREFUL!In the final area of the game there are 97 chests to collect but Ubisoft forgot how to count and placed 98 chests in this area and one of them doesn't count towards your final total... I'm not sure if not collecting it will count against you, I just found it to be a nightmare while following a collection guide... I knew I had opened 24 chests in the first area but the game said I had 23... just another warning.Is The DLC Worth It?No. Do not throw extra money at this game, it isn't worth a cent. There's an extra character you can buy for 3 dollars named Golem, he's not worth it. He's the strongest physical fighter in the game and the best tank but he's so slow all he's good for is being a damage sponge... Basically his utility is crap. The best party in the game is Aurora and Finn, main DPS / Buffer and a Magic Nuker... that's all you need to win.The other DLC items include giving you various combinations of stat upgrades and gems to combine so you can enhance your characters powers, you'll learn about that as you play... Don't buy them. If you're desperate for gems, just hack the value's in cheat engine, problem solved. Don't throw extra money at Ubisoft for junk.Final ThoughtsIt's a decent little RPG title if you're craving some good old school turn based action, the party is unfortunately small though, two characters max... Reminds me of FInal Fantasy Mystic Quest, really basic... but still fun. My biggest issue is that some of the characters wind up under utilized or not used at all, for a game that bolsters a cast of over 8 characters, it's a bit ridiculous. Again the game felt really rushed like it could of been twice as long or had twice as much effort / thought put in to it but they seemed to just toss this thing out there.People claiming this is a 9 / 10 game are seriously wearing blinders, it's no where near a perfect game, in fact it's quite flawed. I am recommending it though because you will enjoy some of the RPG elements it has to offer, even though it's easily exploited. It doesn't take much to complete it, a couple 6 hours sessions and you'll have it done in a weekend so it isn't a huge time sink. I wouldn't pay 15 dollars for it though, try to get it on sale from Humble Bundle or GMG for 10 bucks at most.Final Score6.5 / 10+ Looks good+ Gameplay is solid (Good balance of exploration, puzzles and battling)+ Fun battle system, albeit simple+ Lots of characters to choose from+ Interesting design- Felt Rushed (Locked doors you can never open, ability to fly given too soon)- Not a good time to price ratio (too short)- Bugs and glitches still not fixed (O.C.D. Nightmare)- Story is cliche, nothing new here.- Wasted Potential (Big character roster, two character party max)- Uplay....*puke* (I already have a main game client, I don't need yours Ubisoft)Get it on sale."
76561198092150605,Recommended,256290,23915721,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Zero,This game is a pleasure to play.Pros:-Amazing art-Outstanding soundtrack-Awesome fresh RPG combatCons:GOD DAMN MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING UPLAY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T! JUST LEAVE ME THE ♥♥♥♥ ALONE AND STOP FORCING YOUR SHITY SERVICE DOWN MY THROAT______________________________________________________________Thanks for your time
,Recommended,256290,24417306,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Chronos,"Loved it. The art style, combined with the great soundtrack and good storytelling made for a really memorable experience. When the credits came up, I was sad the game was done, much like when you finish a really good book or movie. Mechanically, the game is good but not great. The combat system is fun but the out of combat menus leave something to be desired. I played through the game on Hard difficulty and found the overall balance of the game to be good (not too easy, not too hard).Good:Amazing visual styleNearly perfect soundtrack (some of the music got a bit repetitive by the end)Dialog (where it worked)Hidden areas to be discoveredEngaging combatGreat story that fits with the art and music to create a really great overall experienceBad:Out of combat menu system lacking in some basic functionalityDialog sometimes felt forcedWasn't a fan of having to install UPlayGame ended too soon!"
,Recommended,256290,21963766,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,ArtificialRaven,"Child of Light is a 2d Metroidvania turn-based RPG in which a young Princess, named Aurora, wakes up in a mythical land known as Lemuria. In order to return home she needs to find the powers of the Sun and Moon but a sinister plot gets in her way. She finds creatures from all walks of life to help her in her journey, each with their own special power.The artwork is really really good especially if you have an affinity for oil based and watercolor style paintings. The game worked perfectly with my Xbox360 controller and a 2nd player can control Igniculus the firefly with a mouse or 2nd controller too. The combat is a mildly complex paper-rock-scissors system (almost exactly like South Park: Stick of Truth) which has a timeline that shows which order the characters/monsters will attack (much like the Grandia games). It can be difficult to use in the beginning but by the end of the game nothing stood a chance against me even on expert. There is a skill tree that has 3 branching paths/playstyles for each character. There is also a crafting system for gems (Oculi) that you can equip on the character's weapon, armor or accessory to give it different effects and bonuses. There isn't much complexity in terms of platforming seeing as how you get the ability to fly early on and from there it's about not getting hurt by environmental hazards. It's a well made and beautiful game with a fitting classical-hybrid soundtrack. One thing that might be off-putting for people is the dialog, written in poetry form with rhyming. I got used to it though and found it less annoying the more I played.I played it for about 8 hours my first time through and got sidetracked with other stuff and stopped. I came back to it 2 years later and finished the game with ~16 hours logged in on my save file. Was it worth the $15 I paid for it? Yes. I'd say this is a pretty solid game well worth the asking price but even better if you can get it on sale."
76561197980136917,Recommended,256290,28698202,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DarkChocobo,"""The light blesses those who walk the path of righteous""+ Beautiful art style with character and charm+ Fun level designs+ Excellent music+ Classic JRPG battle mechanics that are simple but fun+ Simple and cohesive story- Gem recycling is boringWho knew UBISOFT could make good games? A loveletter to your classic JRPG, all done with a sincere respect and admiration towards the genre. This game embodies the many wonderful traits that JRPGS have presented throughout gaming history.4/5"
76561198043337661,Recommended,256290,16364900,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Nebby,"I enjoy this game! It's relatively intuitive as far as controls go, the art style is beautiful, and the game itself is very touching. My only complaint is the screen in which two characters are talking (similar to how JRPGs have conversations in visual novels). The dialogue does not always show up, so I've missed a good portion of the story so far, being on chapter three already.Everything else is great. The battle system is classic, and everything about it is endearing."
,Recommended,256290,20742793,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,crusniko2,The game is beautiful and the story is captivating....Don't let a dislike for uplay stop you from experiencing this game. (The uplay that downloads via steam is outdated. You have to go tohttps://uplay.ubi.com/and download the current one to be able to play!!!)Now excuse me as I go back to staying up all night to get more of this game...
76561198129127387,Recommended,256290,22275115,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Lawrence,Beautiful as poetry
76561198112184666,Recommended,256290,25118166,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Kaded de Par,So Ubisoft can make good games?!
,Recommended,256290,29343606,Posted: 18 January,all,Drian,I will be in love with this game forever.
,Recommended,256290,22467935,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,BigBlueWolf,"This is a real gem of a game!As a light-weight RPG with tactical combat and including some light-weight platforming elements, this game is perfect for nearly any age and well-suited for the young who are exploring RPGs for the first time. The learning curve is low, characters easy to manage, and the entire game is controller-friendly. Combat is simplified by not having to choose weapons and armor, yet fun because the tactical element requires you to stay on your toes.The mechanics of the game might be too easy for more experienced gamers, but there is a hard mode to make fights more challenging.The story is an engaging fairy tale that is like playing through an interactive children's book. Aurora is a spunky and thoroughly likable main protagonist, wandering through the magical land of Lemuria trying to help its people and in the process trying to find her way back home (a palace in Austria) where her father, The Duke, has taken gravely ill.What follows is an adventure full of danger and camaraderie. Aurora is predominantly a spell-caster but can hold her own in physical combat with her sword. Other NPCs that join the party fill out the roles of magician, healer, archer, buffer, tank, and crowd control. Each character has a skill tree with three branches that can advance abilities via points granted with leveling up. It's impossible to max out anyone's tree in the first play-through, so the player can exercise some control over what they want their characters to do best. There is also a simple crafting system that isn't too grindy and allows the use of gemstones to augment skills and stats.The art and music are gorgeous. The violence is underplayed in keeping with the children's story theme. The length is perfect for the tale being told and never seems to drag. My recommendation is don't rush through. Stop and enjoy the scenery, and explore everything because there's lots of hidden treasures to find that help with crafting and battle.As an added treat, a second person can grab a controller and play as Igniculus (a talking ball of light) who assists Aurora's group in battle, solves light-based puzzles, and can reach items that are not accessible otherwise. In solo, he is controlled by the other thumbstick.This game has no Steam achievements, which is a shame. But that's because it's UPlay.Rating: 8/10Fun for ALL ages! Might be a bit easy for hardcore RPG fans."
,Recommended,256290,29699105,Posted: 4 February,all,|ZCG| Zone Dymo,"First of all, I liked it :)This game is pretty much a fairytale and quite good at that.Story is heavy in this game and the visuals help a lot to set the wonderious atmosphere.And for a turnbased title the gameplay is quite involved and busy, which is a good thing!I dont really want to go into too much detail as that would spoil things.My only real-ish complaint with the game is that while it does take you about 12 hours to complete, the ending feels a bit rushed.Regarding gameplay:While you have like 8 characters, you can only use 2 at a time in battle, if they would allow 3 at a time I think that would fundamentally (in a good way) change the game but 2 works fine.I would have also liked a bit more information here and there, for example.You can add Gems to your weapons to give them elemental properties, but you have to remember which character you gave what as it does not show up anywhere but in their equipment.Its a bit hard to explain but I wish there was like an Icon or something next to their name showing the element or gem they have equiped so the player does not have to remember that when in battle where its important to know that.But its a good game I would pretty much recommend to anyone, if you are thinking about buying it I would recommened getting the Golem DLC as well as it adds a new character and dialogue which is good stuff :)"
76561198090747938,Recommended,256290,17482202,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Bubas | Danny T.,"This game is amazing, so worth the money esp if you like rpgs."
,Recommended,256290,9979767,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,sHaKeNbAkE,"Just the images and music is worth the $15....throw in the gameplay, story, and fluid controls and it's a no brainer.  And don't worry...""real men"" not only will enjoy this game they may even have the courage to tell their friends there playing it! :)http://youtu.be/tCSYNfF33os"
,Recommended,256290,10034473,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,to the mèx 🔝,"Child of Light is brilliant. The artistic value of this game is remarkable: the hand-painted backgrounds are stunningly beautiful, the orchestrated soundtrack is melodious and enchanting. Everything together makes you feel like you're really in a fairy tale. Exploring (or better, flying over) Lemuria is an absorbing experience, I think I'll never get tired of it.Fortunately, under the huge artistic value there's a good game. The RPG mechanics are simple, yet engaging. There are no random encounters: you can see the enemies on the map and decide whether to engage them or not. The combat system feels like a good ol' jRPG, revolving around anticipating/interrupting the enemies and party members swapping. You can also use your little firefly Igniculus to slow down enemies and heal yourself, adding a layer of complexity to the combat mechanics. This system feels fresh through the entire length of the game, so you'll just find yourself willingly engaging all the enemies, since fighting them is fun.Even though everything seems swell and nice, Child of Light has some problems. Aurora is the only fleshed out and likeable character. The other characters are just... there, they don't make a difference. The whole game is written in rhyme, which seems cool, but it's not: the metric is all over the place, it's not consistent at all. In the end it didn't bother me, but it could bother you. The plot is simple, a standard (maybe a bit darker) fairy tale plot. I liked it anyway, it's a good justification to explore Lemuria and to flesh out Aurora's personality, but if you're seeking a complex plot you're looking at the wrong game.In the end, is it worth 15 euro? Absolutely, it's worth more than that. We need more games like Child of Light, we need more middle ground between Indie and AAA titles. If you're on the fence, it's time to jump and buy this game. ;0"
76561197992303113,Recommended,256290,10318192,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,黒Trales,"Child of Light is a really fun indie-like platformer (J)RPG. The music and art is really good, the combat system is simple but complex, the story and characters are interesting and the platformer elements are also fun.If you like JRPG's with a combat system, similar to the Final Fantasy ATB System, this game is really worth the price!"
76561198038335264,Recommended,256290,10821412,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Monkey King,"A lovely game with a soft story. Absolutly amazing if you enjoy calm games, the beginning is wonderful, but without any spoilers, the end leaves you semi-empty and let down ... wanting more. I would pay more if they lengthed the stroy and fixed the ending/post game play."
,Not Recommended,256290,16658273,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,mmadam mmuggy,"Well, the game was fantastic for the time I played.Until I lost my save file because of Uplay..."
,Recommended,256290,9989959,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Zag,"No matter how good a game is, or how much I enjoy/enjoyed it, I normally don't feel compelled to write a review for it. But, man...this game. After nearly having a coronary from Dark Souls 2, Child of Light was a very welcome respite that just melted the rage away. The music is well done and the evironments are beautiful (the giant walking in the background near the starting part of the game was a very nice touch), and the dialogue is fun (but maybe that's just the English major in me talking, even though I've never been much of a poet). The gameplay itself is straight forward and easy to get a handle on while still requiring a bit of forethought and attention. It's also kind of refreshing to have a little girl who is undoubtedly strong in her own right as the main character. Haven't finished the game yet, no idea how far in I am, but I did have to force myself to stop playing so I could stretch things out over the course of a few days instead of greedily devouring it all at once.Unlike what seems to be a majority of people, I haven't had any problems with the UPlay aspect (with this game or with Far Cry 3 or Might and Magic) so that isn't an issue for me.I also bought all the Day 1 DLC just to spite the a-holes who throw hissy fits about it. So let me end this pleasant review of an excellent game by saying to the haters: lol u mad?"
,Not Recommended,256290,18396602,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,llagerlof,Don't buy if you have an AMD. The game don't run on some AMD CPUs regardless the amount of memory or GPU you have.And needs uPlay (yuck) too.
,Not Recommended,256290,13264062,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,TheTitaniumDragon,"Child of Light is a turn-based roleplaying game with a very distinctive pseudo-storybook graphical style, written entirely in rhyme. Many of its mechanics are reminiscent of Final Fantasy X – including some painful dialogue.GameplayThe game consists of two portions: environmental navigation and battle.Environmental navigation is actually a bit tiresome; at the start of the game, the player can only walk and jump, but very soon they gain the ability to fly around the 2D environment, eliminating all of the platforming elements in the game very early. This has a somewhat negative influence on gameplay speed, the player must explore an environment from top to bottom to find all the items and secrets, greatly increasing the amount of space which needs to be explored. In parts, it works decently well, but frequently it is tiresome, and only a few environments full of puzzles and traps are even remotely interesting to navigate.There are no random encounters in the game; rather, monsters appear and wander around on the screen, and will attempt to pursue the player if they see them. The player will be “ambushed” if the monster runs into them while their back is turned, and will ambush the monster in turn if they manage to run into the monster’s back. This means that most of the time, the player will ambush the monsters, as not only is navigation simple, but the player controls a small ball of light which can be used to temporarily stun the monsters, in addition to healing the player between combats and activating some switches and puzzlesThe game’s combat is actually reasonably sophisticated. The player controls two characters in combat, and faces off with up to three enemies at a time. It is somewhat reminiscent of Final Fantasy X in many respects; the player can switch out their characters at any time during combat, including replacing KOed characters with another character, and different attacks have different speeds. However, unlike Final Fantasy X, there are two different speeds which matter: the base speed of the character, and the speed at which the character acts.There are two portions of a gauge at the bottom of the screen; the first portion represents the time spent between turns, while the second, smaller section represents the time spent charging up to attack or perform some other action. Each action has its own speed through the second portion of this, and if someone is attacked while they are charging an action, their action is interrupted and their turn is reset into some random (or semi-random) portion of the between-turns section of the gauge. As such, the player can interrupt enemy attacks, or the enemies can interrupt player attacks. There are some means of protecting yourself from such things, and some monsters will automatically counterattack against certain types of attacks (physical or magical) or against attacks made while they’re charging their actions.The characters are actually quite varied, with each character having their own skill-set which is unlocked via a character-specific skill tree. Each character has their own set of abilities, and there are two characters who are primarily magic users, a warrior who can force enemies to attack him, a character who focuses entirely on speeding up or slowing down allies and enemies, a couple of physical attack characters, and some support characters. Gauge manipulation, interrupting enemy attacks, exploiting enemy elemental vulnerabilities, and applying the right status ailments while keeping your own party healthy are all important. The ball of light you control while navigating the levels also appears here, and can be used to slow down enemies or heal your allies – it is almost always better to slow enemies, though, as that prevents them from doing damage (and makes it easier to interrupt them) much more than healing yourself does.Unfortunately, after a while, the battles become a bit routine; while the first set of enemies in an area are new and fresh, after a while they become very routine and can be defeated via a very samey set of actions in the same way that Final Fantasy X fights often went. This makes many of the fights in the game fairly dull, and while they’re skippable, the bosses, which are much more difficult, basically require you to beat every other enemy in the game so that you’re the proper level to face them.The boss encounters tend to be the highlight of the game; they’re the most enjoyable bits of it, and tend to be a bit different from other encounters, mostly in that the bosses and their companions tend to be more dangerous, quicker, and more prone to retaliation and inflicting annoying status ailments that require you to actually think on your feet. Even still, I got through the game without getting a single game over, and I suspect that most players will do so as well; indeed, I was left with an overabundance of items at the end of the game and used them with wild abandon against the final boss, as I had hardly used any prior to that point.There is also an equipment system, in which craftable, equippable gems which are acquired over the course of the game are put into slots and have various static effects on a character and their statistics; these can be used to add elemental damage types to physical attacks, grant bonus damage, make a character tougher or more resilient, or even increase the rate of xp gain.While this system seems neat in theory, I had the xp-gain gems equipped to my characters’ body slots for the entire game, and never needed to remove them to mitigate damage. Moreover, I pretty much figured out exactly how I was supposed to equip all of my characters quite early and from there on out it was just a matter of marginally improving my equipment over time – not the most exciting thing in the world, but it gave some sense of progression.PresentationThe game is reasonably well-presented; the game tries to go for a sort of storybook style, with the characters appearing almost like paper cut-outs or things from a storybook, and the monsters having a similar stylized character. The music and sound are both reasonable enough, but a lot of the dialogue – delivered entirely in rhyme – is pretty awful. Sometimes it works well, but other times it falls down and is kind of painful to read.Final SummaryChild of Light is not a bad game, but it isn’t exactly thrilling either. Everything about it is a decent enough idea, but in practice, it only shines on rare occasion. The game takes on the order of 20 hours to complete, and has no replay value; while there is a new game + mode, there is little reason to play it."
,Recommended,256290,14272415,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,冇鬼用,"I got this game last year during the summer sale and didn't have time to play until now.I loved everything about this game. The story was well written and it was very easy to get myself lost in it and putting myself in Aurora's shoes. I got a bit emotional with the story near the end (cuz I'm a wuss) but it just goes to show just how well the story was written. Visually, I loved the simple yet colourful watercolour-like artwork and each new area of the world had a different characteristic to the art. The music is just outstanding, especially the end credits song.The only drawback I can think of about this game is that it requires uplay. While it is not game-breaking, it does get annoying have uplay open and clutters up my desktop screen."
,Recommended,256290,15619519,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Talibantechie,"I see a lot of hate on this game just due to uPlay, I picked it up because the haters. Best game ever!10/10 would gamble on haters again"
,Recommended,256290,20062413,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,mitch,this is the mitchiest mitch game i've ever mitchedmitch/10
76561198157841109,Recommended,256290,24458822,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,"Jade ""Princess"" Mew","Child of Light is such an adorable game.It has a fairytale, storybook-like feel, which is very unique to the game."
76561198214592032,Recommended,256290,23922206,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,phillipshead,"While this is on sale, definitely snag this one if you've ever been into turn-based RPGs. It's an enchanting journey, albeit somewhat repetitive with combat. Still, the combat system is easy to learn but difficult to master, but above all, it's innovative. In this review I'm gonna talk strictly about how the combat system is fun, and bear in mind of course I played on the hard difficulty.First of all, combat consists of 2 party members, and up to 3 enemies, and the flow of combat is both real-time and turn-based. There's a bar at the bottom that shows whose turn is coming up next, and towards the end of that bar is where they choose their action, and the speed changes accordingly. However, if someone is in that red zone and takes damage, their action is interrupted and they're knocked about halfway down the meter to act again (though they do get to reselect what they do).Next thing is, the fairie that you control with your mouse. This little guy has a mana bar that regenerates slowly over time, or by using a potion, or by hovering over the blue plants and collecting the little mana bubbles they create. He has two functions: he can slowly heal a party member (even while paused), though this expends a lot of his mana. He can also, at a much lesser cost, slow down an enemy's active time bar heavily. That's where the tricky play comes in: timing your party member's action right after your enemy's so you can land an interrupt. That's pretty fun. That is, until you fight a boss that counters interrupts with something you really don't want, but that's another story.Last thing to note is, even though you can only have two party members on the field at a time, you can, when one's turn is up, swap them out for another member, and they take their turn immediately (if said party member was up next). So, to compensate for this, as you go through the game and collect your party members, the game seems to swiftly ramp up in difficulty, forcing you to make tactical choices in your playstyle, your oculi (gems that change elemental damage, resistance, or otherwise improve your characters), and what skill tree to go down for each character.All in all, this game's a blast for anyone who grew up with games like Pokemon or Final Fantasy. Most battles will feel like a triumph when you've won. There's nothing more satisfying than a boss fight where you win just by the skin of your teeth after having to use most of your consumables.Beyond the combat, the game's presentation is enchanting. The OST is great, art style is enjoyable, all the dialog rhymes, everything's just plain fun. The ONLY demerits I can give this game are the repetitive combat and wonky difficulty spikes. But on the whole, I recommend it, especially at the price it's at now."
,Recommended,256290,22670715,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Pumpkin_Pie_Between_Ur_Thighs,"Very fun game, interesting story.  I reccomend this to anybody who likes RPG's,  pick this game up for at least 1 playthrough."
,Recommended,256290,21044054,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sol (not) Badguy,"Great gameplay and plot so far. The dialogue is quite poetic which gives it a special feel as well. Combines platforming and RPG elements marvelously, definitely worth every penny."
,Recommended,256290,21147452,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Flamel,"Beautiful and Stunning  !! , I have no Regrets buying this game ♥"
76561198024580187,Recommended,256290,28038821,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Konrad,"Great experience, fantastic soundtrack and amazing art style. I really enjoyed the asymmetric co-op play, which I believe is great for less experienced players (as controlling the wisp is less complex than controlling the main character but its role can be quite essential at times)."
76561198210981355,Recommended,256290,23784016,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,angelus_machina,"Child of Light left me delightfully entertained at every turn. With beautiful backgrounds, lovely music, and a fun twist on the standard turn-based style of game play, it provides a  comfortably level of challenge as you learn to balance the timing of your attacks and how you delay you delay your enemies. The story is fun, even if a little predictable. The rhyming conversations between characters (and lack there of for one) is a cute little detail for this storybook style adventure.My main complaint for it is that, despite gathering quite a few companions on the journey, you are limited to two characters in fights (two in a have if you want to count your friendly little firefly). That said, it is balanced by the free swap out, if you even need to do so (casual really did not require it, but the more challenging mode might)."
,Recommended,256290,22799087,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Karla,"One of the most beautiful games with the most beautiful soundtracks ever. Combat is surprisingly complex, as are the skill trees and gem enhancements.10/10 always."
76561198269588665,Not Recommended,256290,31846802,Posted: 19 May,all,rubypond,"I can kind of understand why everyone is sooooo in love with this game. The graphics are amazingly beautiful, the soundscape is marvellous and there is a pretty little story going on. Oh yes, I heard so many positive reviews about this game – basically everybody is enchanted by it! But I am not.As a player, I do like lovely art in a game and of course a good score brings it to life. In this game all this just was wasted: the gameplay itself was so boring that I didn’t enjoy exploring the beautiful world after the first hour or so. You just basically walk (and later fly) around pretty aimlessly. You can find treasures, carry out little quests and do some fighting alongside the main storyline. And the fights were the worst, because they were painfully manual and boring. Same thing over and over again. Thank god you didn’t actually have to fight that much if you didn’t want to. Because oh yes, there were battles everywhere.Usually I’m all for exploring and doing all the quests and finding all the items. This time I just wanted the experience to end as fast as possible. This time I didn’t do all the side quests and didn’t find all the items and didn’t fight almost any battles. I just didn’t want to bother. I’m sad to admit this, because this game had so much potential.Let’s talk about the music. It fit perfectly well to the game world. It was as pretty as the graphics in the game, it created lovely atmosphere. Piano and violin sounded so beautiful in the score. But it was getting very repetitive: after some time you just got very numb about it. It didn’t offer anything suprising or new. The same thing just went on and on and on… And the same thing you could say about the whole game.So, in conclusion. I do understand why so many are enchanted by this. It has a good combo of things and it is not a game with horrible quality. Sadly this just wasn’t a game for me. For me this game was just plain boring."
76561198060235714,Recommended,256290,13710666,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Biadora,"It has been quite some time, since a game caught me, suched me in, and made me even loose sleep over it. This cute game, with it's fairy tale atmosphere and story, has succeeded in doing exactly that.I recommend it very much, and I hope there will be more games made in the same spirit as this one.As for the game, it is mostly a puzzle game, a game for exploring every nook of this sad yet uplifting world, and also a sort of turn based fighting game. The mix of exploring, fighting and crafting better occulus fits me greatly. With characters, or rather, companions, with individuality to booth, a lovely score, somewhat familiare story and lovely artwork I have not quite seen in any other game, this one has been on my ""I must Get that game!""-list since I accidently saw it on youtube. And yeasterday (and today) I am finally taking time to play it.In fact, playing it in my winter night/dim room, with the snow outside and silence surrounding me, echoes to the mood set in the game.The question I am left with is; How can such a sad game yet feel uplifting?And that, I guess, sums the brilliance with Child of Light."
,Recommended,256290,24560782,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Rock1m1,"Child of Light is a beautiful children's story book brought to life with an exquisite hand-painted world. You play as a child princess, exploring and fight your way to the truth in a dream which turns proves to be more than a figment of imagination.You move around in the game by literally flying across the world from very early in the game. There is not much of gameplay outside combat other than avoiding traps and trying to hit the enemies from behind to trigger a ‘sneak attack’. Most of the enemies are optional but you’d want to fight them as frequently as possible to gain valuable experience which will come in real handy during the game’s much tougher boss fights.The combat is Turned-interruption-based. There is a timeline bar on the bottom of the screen and every action takes a fixed amount of time to perform. The bar is towards the right is split into ‘casting region’, which is the envelopes the time it takes for player as well as the enemies to perform their move. The idea here is to hit your enemies while they are casting so you ‘interrupted’ them.  Meaning they not only be able to perform their action, but they are also sent back a few notches behind the timeline, opening the window of opportunity for you to attack.I was not very familiar with this type of combat mechanics as a result I died quite a few times during boss fights. I asked around and to many people they found the game very easy on the ‘advanced or normal’ difficulty I played on. I had to grind to level up in order to defeat the final boss, so again I suggest to engage in all encounters. There is no drawback to losing to an encounter, you simply start with a full health and mana at the beginning of the section or whenever there was a checkpoint.  So the difficulty really depends on how familiar you are with this type of game.There are certain things I didn’t like about the game though. I feel the combat system doesn’t relay a lot of the vital information to the player. For example, you do not know the health of the enemies nor do you know which type of elemental stuff you have your team equipped. This means you are forced to memorize how you distributed your equipment and cannot make a well-timed final blows with no stats to look after. This especially hurts in the boss fights where the margin of error is very thin. Also the crafting is also not very well explained. You basically equip elemental attacks and defenses by equipping specific colored gems. You can also combine gems to create a different colored one. The game does not really explain which colors are possible to craft. So it is possible for a lot of players to go through half the game without knowing a certain gem color exists. I suggest you look into a guide just to make sure you get caught up with all the colors so you can equip your team with more organized attacks and defenses.I am not a fan of Ubisoft as a whole, but this is a side of Ubisoft I really admire. In the end I feel the game could have been a more rounded experience if they had more time and budget. A lot of effort had gone into making this game visually spectacular, unfortunately it meant the core mechanics of the game suffered and stretched a bit too thin for my taste. In the end these drawbacks can be frustrating, but does not detract much from the beautiful experience this game delivers.7/10 = Good!"
76561198022863859,Recommended,256290,30325526,Posted: 4 March,all,MJ,"Child of Light is a beautiful looking game. It's a sweet, sweet game and a nice piece of art.The story is interesting enough and the dialog is an amazing crafted piece of lyric poetry, managing this way to keep all characters relevant and very charismatic.It is an easy game, with a bit of support for a second player (think a young child or someone really new to games) to be your sidekick and aid you in your adventure.This game has a wonderful production. Everything is beautiful in this game: the scenarios, the music, the characters, the story, the dialog... it's impossible not to be in love with it.The gameplay itself is simple enough and the game is also a bit easy.I totally recommend it, this game has a lot of heart.Final ThoughtsI loved this game, it has a lot of heart. It was a beautiful experience from the start till the end.Highly recommended!"
76561198140531353,Not Recommended,256290,15041310,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,tigromvivo,I really hate Uplay.
,Recommended,256290,32759902,Posted: 25 June,all,roots,"This game is absolutely gorgeous. It's also very fun, with engaging gameplay, interesting characters, a great story, and a unique combat system that makes battles dynamic and fast-paced. Definitely worth picking up if you like turn-based RPGs, or even if you don't."
76561198002597299,Recommended,256290,27546804,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,"Doctor James Wilson, M.D.","Child of Light is a fairytale-inspired RPG with modest exploration and puzzle-solving elements.The story is set in the magical world of Lemuria, which is suffering under the rule of an evil Black Queen and her dark creatures which have overrun the land. The main protagonist is a young girl, Aurora. Aurora is the daughter of a duke from 1895 Austria who has found herself separated from her father and whisked away to Lemuria. Aurora must navigate the hazards of this beautiful, but dangerous world in order to return to Austria and reunite with her father.Without spoiling the story, what I enjoyed the most about Child of Light's plot was that it managed to touch upon critical tropes integral to a fairytale story, while subverting ones which are no longer relevant in modern society. Aurora's adventure is a coming-of-age hero's journey, involving hidden destinies and familial strife. Despite her fear and uncertainty at being in an unfamiliar world, Aurora is no helpless damsel in distress; Aurora is a girl of strong morals and action who helps those in need, and who over the course of the story matures into a strong leader.The art style evokes nostalgia for watercolored storybooks of childhoods past. Both the character sprites and the backgrounds are simple at first look, and extremely detailed upon closer inspection. The visuals themselves are beautiful and alone make this game a piece of art.The soundtrack by Coeur de Pirate is a perfect accompaniment to the setting and story --  appropriately whimsical, triumphant, or haunting, as appropriate to the point in the story.One element of the game that some may be put off by (though personally I enjoyed it) was the use of rhyming iambic verse in nearly all of the dialogue in the story.All in all, I feel that Child of Light is a truly excellent adventure and well worth the full price of the game and deserving of the 2014 GOTY nomination it received from IGN."
76561198121710121,Recommended,256290,32969106,Posted: 28 June,all,Xd,Just finished this amazing gameI did all side quests and overpowered my characters with stats and equip as to be complete as possible...Just didn't want this game to end... I thought they didn't did this kind of game anymore...There's simple no boring partBeautiful graphics and awesome game playI recomend for anyone who misses those nostalgic old fashioned turn based RPGs
,Recommended,256290,10040969,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Super Nintendan,"If Child of Light taught me anything, it's that a flute can solve even the biggest problems. Like death, or having your whole race being turned into crows.All Joking aside, this is a great JRPG. I'm just starting chapter 10 and I feel it was already well worth the $15 I spent on it. If you love turned based combat, great art, and even better music. This is a amazing game just to sit back and realize with."
,Recommended,256290,10268627,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Cosmonaut,"This game is a really loveable 2D-flying-around RPG with Final Fantasy-style combat.It combines classical 'explore the level for treasure chests' with the RPG-known elements such as leveling of your party as well as timeline-based menu-combat. There are some minor additional features such as empowering your equipment with gems.What I really like about this game is the way it is created visually and atmosphere-wise. Its partly hand-drawn backgrounds are beautiful for anyone who appreciates this kind of 'fairytale' style. The conversations are all in rhymes. The game emphasizes that it is a mystical tale about a girl searching for a way home to her sick father. The music fits perfectly, too.Yes, sometimes i found some drawings a bit too childish, but the whole concept was great.You might notice that I am a strong fan of this kind of games. Nevertheless, be warned: If you are looking for pure-adult-action games, or dont have the muse or time to dive into the atmosphere of the game, it is nothing for you.I think it somewhat speaks to the inner child in everyone, and it got me hooked up there :)I strongly recommend giving it a try. I found it worth every cent."
,Recommended,256290,23024031,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Angus,Visually stunning and very unique. Recommend purchasing this one for sure.
76561198169132683,Recommended,256290,32674139,Posted: 23 June,all,testwish__,The art design is gorgeous; the game mechanics are easy to pick up. The story is fine. At times the rhyming can grate.
76561198010977367,Recommended,256290,25645418,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Coyface,"All right so Ubisoft gets alot a flak for Uplay and Assassin creed but in all honestly this game is a Occli in the RoughYou play as Aurora, a princess lost in a watercolor like fairytale land and is trying trying to find her way back home to her dying papa. Along the way she leans be a Queen by killing everything in her way whethers its spiders, wolfs, dragons,Family membersCombat is turn based but acts on a speed bar so you have to be constantly on your toes. Combat is similer to JRPG and its certinaly unique, though my only complian is you can only have 2 fighters at a time making it a hassile to switch teammates.For 15 dollars this game is amazing and I wholeheartly recommed it !Pros- Amazing Music-Beautiful environment-CombatCons-Uplay worked for me but your experience may vary-Short story"
,Recommended,256290,34006023,Posted: 3 August,all,Pakkidis,"Rating: 7.5/10Overview: 2D Turn Based RPGThe Good:+ Water colored art style+ Interesting cast of characters, each character has 3 skill trees+ I enjoyed the combat system. Every character and enemy take turns attacking indicated by a timeline. Attacking enemies when they are near the end of the timeline will set them further back potentially giving you more time to attack. You can freely switch party members in combat utilizing different set of skills.+ Simplistic crafting system allowing you to slot gems into three categories altering certain stats.+ Great soundtrackThe Average:+/- The story is a light-hearted fantasy told through rhyming and the rhymes are bad making it that much harder to care about the story.+/- Combat does feel repetitive after awhile, once you understand the basic mechanics of the game not much changes afterwards.+/- I felt there was very little build up in the climax or the story leading to what I consider a rather abrupt end, this is potentially due to a weak story.Conclusion:Like every other turn based RPG your mileage will vary depending on how much you like the combat system. This is a rather light-hearted fantasy RPG that will last approximately 10 hours depending on skill level."
,Recommended,256290,14435238,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Hyde,童话故事般的娓娓叙述，彩绘涂鸦般的缤纷世界，悠扬婉转的背景音乐，独具特色的角色魔物，无处不在的收集要素，成就了这样一个有着别具一格特色并且令人十分着迷的游戏。简单的操作对于RPG初心者也是极易上手，回合制的战斗设定清楚明了。角色属性的配点以及各种装备的选择也许会给你带来一点烦恼但请放心这丝毫不会影响游戏的乐趣。即便对于强迫症患者在收集元素的过程中迷茫于路途，也不会感到厌烦因为每一个小细节都能发现游戏制作者的用心之处，其中有不少是支线任务中必须完成的要素。整个游戏就像个大礼品盒，里面充满了一个一个小惊喜。善良而敏感的小公主，自认为幽默又特别认真在搞笑的小丑，长满胡子但实际只有13岁刚成年的小侏儒等等有着鲜明个性的角色为看似平淡普通的童话剧情增添了不少色彩。IGN评分9.3，如此精良的游戏没有理由不推荐给身边的朋友，just buy it.
,Recommended,256290,12414547,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,loquee,"Everybody knows it's sweet, beautiful and charming.But you should also know that you get the wingsuit after 30 minutes!Nnnniice!"
,Recommended,256290,13971405,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,blessthefall,Awesome!
76561198125551380,Recommended,256290,32665070,Posted: 22 June,all,ErProxu,"Un buen trabajo del arte por parte de Yoshitaka Amano, una banda sonora genial, con una historia no muy original pero divertido en cuanto mecánicas."
,Recommended,256290,11333261,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Kongoth,"the game was beyond my expectations, because I am not an RPG player but I really enjoyed it& the main reasons that attracted me to buy this game was the graphic & the music...so beautifulFYI, if you want to give it a try (the demo is available!)"
76561198168654535,Not Recommended,256290,21017007,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Smokayyy,"It looked great, was waiting for a sale to get it. Now I got it and I cant even start up the game...I even made the free account and nothing is working. Is there a way around this i would love to know."
76561198071660968,Not Recommended,256290,16572666,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,GG-Codroipo,"I bought the game following some friends advice, and exited by the videos and images. Is seemed to be what I wanted, except that I forgot to read the name of the producer. I bought it, and is a 3 out of 3 ubisoft games that I'm not able to start playing after downloading them (only 1 out of 87 for steam). For the first 2 I spent hours reinstalling and updating, and eventually played them (with lots of problems).This time I just said NOPE! Asked for a refund.So yes, the game seems to be awesome, but there is Uplay. If you want to risk, go on, if not ""AVOID! NEEDS UPLAY!"""
,Recommended,256290,11195640,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,carpwrist,"Sit for a moment and enjoy my attempt to rhyme a review:Fifteen dollars, it well deservedForgive the prose, but if you try the game you'll understand why it's dueFor you see, all the dialogue is all this well-reserved.After nearly each battle, a level is earnedEncounters are not random, but selected,Learn element types and leave your enemies burnedOr sneak past, undetected.But where is the fun in that?The spoils of victory are plentifulThe execution was that of Grandia combat.A betrayal, a rebirthing, a story told in full.The difficulty was quite docileThe puzzles all become the sameChild of Light has its faults, but all the while[/]... Just buy the f*cking game."
76561198005839826,Not Recommended,256290,18401984,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,daquan,"Love the sound, music and the art/animations but the ""fighting/combat"" part is horrible. Its so slow, boring and pauses all the beautiful things in the game with a slow kind of chess combat. Im so disappointed."
76561198058579678,Recommended,256290,13181382,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Gus123456789,"Child of Light is a bit of a rarety on steam, for several reasons.1st, it needs you to install some third party pseudo platform from ubisoft. If that's a sticking point for you then don't read any more, because the rest of the review is quite positive.2nd, its kinda in the realm of a visual novel, but without any of the drag along standards that keep visual novels geared towards older teens. If you want a story driven game that you could relax while letting your kid brother play at your grandma's house, here you have one.3rd, this is a short and easy game. Not that this is bad, just different. None of that ""Hours into a dungeon and still no save point."" The whole game took me just over 12 hours on casual setting. There is something to be said for an easy dungeon that is just long enough to chew that last piece of rhyming dialogue, before the next one.Graphics are top notch, though it is getting rare to see a new game that graphics aren't awesome in. Still worth mentioning, because its not about detailed realistic graphics that a hudred people coded together in a secret room any more. Instead what makes graphics shine is grabbing onto an artistic vision and being true to it throughout the game, which Child of Light definitely does gorgeously.The music is okay, at least what there is of it. It felt a couple of times like they ran out of funding for their orchestra only 30% through the recordings. Some silence here and there, and a couple of somewhat obvious loops.Personally, I very much enjoyed this game. I really hope to encounter not a sequel, but a series of games based on this style.Here are the subjective numbers:10/10 graphics4/10 music and sound9/10 story0/10 first person shooter experience8/10 game experience10/10 storybook experience"
,Recommended,256290,12103171,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,emil_hedgehog,"An RPG with a beautiful watercolour artstyle and a lovely soundtrack to boot. The difference between this game and other turn-based RPGs is that each character's move is set on a timeline, with the player having the ability to slow the speed of each enemy's move, creating a more tactical approach to fighting than just waiting for your next turn to occur. The story is really well set out as well, with a great cast of characters and conversations in the style of poems. The only downside to the game is that you need to run UPlay in order to play it, but if you can overlook that then you'll find a great hidden gem from the past year's games."
,Recommended,256290,14268365,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,yaoibunga,it was really good but it's really hard for me to back something that requires you to make even the briefest of Dark Compacts with uplay
,Recommended,256290,15586569,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Vicious,"-=Positive=-Gameplay: A+ (Simple and unique battle - Mixed like Final Fantasy 6)Storyline: simple. More like Zelda to me (A+)Sound: A+ (nice music tone. Classic Piano)Graphic: 2D. I prefer 2D than 3DExploration: too many secrets and need to explore carefully-=Negative=-No Steam Achievement. this game is used by Uplay (Uplay games contains Might of Magic games and so on)I am strongly recommend this game to the player who love exploration and simple graphic and nice storyline.It is totally worth it to buy this game. Thank you to the creator of Child Of Light. Make more game like this.(NOTE: so far, i play Payday 2, Final Fantasy 13, Dota 2, and Skyrim, this one is best favourite game for me)Mark: I give 11/10."
,Recommended,256290,18389074,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,floaties,"One of the best RPGs I've played in a long time. The soundtrack is beautiful and the visuals are stunning. Exploring is rewarding and feels effortless - like it's what you SHOULD be doing. The combat isn't too challenging but makes you feel really smart for pulling things off flawlessly. Overall, it's well worth the money.It DOES require uPlay but... it isn't intrusive in this game like others. You just sign in ONCE to link your steam account and then play the game."
76561198020283491,Recommended,256290,13737397,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ara Ara ufufu~,"Child of Light's selling feature is its wonderful atmosphere. It is beautiful, cheerful and has a magical, charming feeling.  The combat has slight variation on the standard turn-based RPG fare and there's enough challenge to be diverting, but its the thematic elements that made me so pleased.I think very highly of Child of Light, and wish there were more games like it."
,Recommended,256290,14205780,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,lexithesalsashark,"I would definitely reccommend this game. This was one of my favorite storylines to date. I had so much fun building the characters, getting lost in Aurora's story, and learning about each character as the game developed. This game was something I didn't expect, since I went in only seeing a small preview and going off someone's reccommendation.I got lost in this game, which is something hard to do. I really, really can't stress enough how beautiful the artwork is and how much it adds to the actual story. Simply put, Child of Light is fantastic."
,Recommended,256290,18392742,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,A Singular Autism,"This is why video games should be considered art, aside from the fact that I have been forced to download Uplay."
,Recommended,256290,12250566,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Kodiak-Rush,"This game is beautiful and I recommend it to everyone. It takes a little while to get underway but once it had its teeth in me it did not let go. I enjoyed almost everything about this game, the setting, the dialogue, the characters, the music, the combat and almost everything else. The story was neither here nor there but I enjoyed it none the less.It plays as a pretty standard RPG, maybe not as complex as most but it does the job perfectly well. The combat was great fun, there were enough challenges to make it interesting, until you find the perfect combination and then you just roll over almost everything (which is still fun). I loved exploring the physical world and the lore of the game as well. And the ending tied everything together.This is a work of art and you should get it and play it from start to finish, you will not regret it.Have fun ^_^"
,Recommended,256290,20693972,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,BEANED!,Love this game. good combat and story with some really well done music.
,Recommended,256290,20746864,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,J0hnnieW4lker,The art style in this game is ridiculously beautiful; in S3D it is just amazing with all those layers.Nice to play in local coop with someone controlling the firefly with the mouse.
,Recommended,256290,20013813,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,I like chicken,"There are times when you encounter good games.There are times when you encounter great games.And then you encounter Child of Light.This is not only a game but a masterpiece, a love poem, a gift for your senses. In this game you take the role of Aurora, a princess who passed away due to a physical ailment she contracted and wakes up to find herself in the lands of Lemuria. She seeks to reunite with her father and save her kingdom from the claws of the Black Queen.This might sound very cliché and all, you might already have an idea of how the story develops and you might even be right, but what makes this game valuable is not the story it tells but rather how it tells it.Every conversation will be in rhyme (ABCB style) unraveling Aurora and her companion's story. The gameplay is smooth, natural and so intuitive you can stop playing the game for a year and get back to it in a matter of minutes. The art is incredibly beautiful, the animation combines both 3D and 2D elements, making it top eyecandy material. The soundtrack is mystical, takes you to an amazing journey through the lands of Lemuria, makes you dream, feel the game, taking the Child of Light experience to its fullest. The characters are very unique, every one of them will be an irreplaceable link in your party, and their story will make them not only pawns in your war, but friends.And Aurora F**KING FLIES around the screen, making the scenaries totally enjoyable in every perspective. This is a feature I'd love to see in more games.For once I can say I've fallen in love with a Ubisoft game."
76561198047136256,Recommended,256290,29851927,Posted: 11 February,all,Ashitaka,"Great game, short but great. Is a rare RPG that excels in its art proposal, every detail is treated with care: music, dialog but above all the visual aspect of the game is, in my opinion, outstanding. I really enjoyed the game story and the battles too.If you're a little bit tired of those huge sandbox RPG's and want to try something esle, This is definely a game that worth your time."
76561197984285364,Recommended,256290,29856225,Posted: 11 February,all,SanguineDawn,"I can't do anything but recommend this game to the fullest <3 Like most who have tried this game, I too fell in love with the artstyle, the music, the story, the characters and the setting. Although a little short game, I enjoyed my second playthrough just as much as the first since the game allows you to keep your characters, so just turn up the difficulty and enjoy ;)Beware: Requires uPlay (hear people having problems with this service)"
,Recommended,256290,10140327,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Torsten,"Amazing game, it looks like a fairy tale. The design is gorgeous and the music is wondeful."
,Recommended,256290,13442833,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,EterNity,Very nicely done game.
,Recommended,256290,19012591,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Marcelus,"Pros:- Beautiful game. Better than I expected.  Simple but very enjoyable.- The art is amazing. Another ""UbiArt Framework"" engine win.- Your party has various different characters. They are funny to read and watch the interaction with each other after a battle.- The turn-based combat system has a very understandable layout. Another good thing is that after the first half of the game you keep discovering new tricks during the battles. Is simple but is has a few interesting interactions.- The score is very good. A bit repetitive during battles but one of those OST you would love to have on your iPod / mp3 player.- Puzzles are OK. There're a few repeated ideas but they are not boring and hard.- The Oculi crafting system is good. Maybe you'll need to play more after beating the game to achieve all the 600 combinations. I think I'll replay the game on handheld (PSVita). Again, is a beautiful looking game.- Is an accessible game even for non-RPG fans.Cons:- A bit short compared to other games in the genre but I think it was a good experience. BTW the lenght depends on how much you go to little optional areas. The bad thing about exploring too much is that if you grind and level up your party faster than is expected you can feel the game a bit easy.- UPlay...of course..."
,Recommended,256290,18577852,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Zen-7 Spice,It gave me some feels. So yeah
,Recommended,256290,20113040,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Angelyss,"Child of Light is one of the most beautiful games in the world.There's no doubt that the game is mostly story driven, but it's also wonderful in every other aspect. Sure, there's a horrible third-party DRM involved (Uplay), but that shouldn't stop you from buying this game. Anyone who skipped buying it for that reason, or for any reason at all, is missing out.Boasting exquisite art that amazes the eyes down to the finest detail, playing Child of Light is akin to walking through a picture book. From Aurora's intricate character model to the resplendent backdrops present throughout the world of Lemuria, the game never ceases to impress with its visual glory. Moreover, the ability to fly is granted to the player very early on, allowing you to explore Lemuria as you wish.Battle in Child of Light is largely similar to typical turn based systems in other games, though there are still some twists that make it unique and perhaps, slightly difficult. Good timing of moves in particular is extremely important to triumph over the various monsters that you will encounter during your journey.Multiplayer isn't a totally fleshed out feature of the game, but it's possible. During battle, a second player may assist you by controlling Aurora's companion, Igniculus, to slow or stun single targets. This allows you to focus on planning and executing your moves rather than having to bother with micromanagement simultaneously. It's perfectly possible to handle both tasks on your own if playing by yourself, however.Child of Light's soundtrack was composed by Cœur de pirate (Béatrice Martin), a tremendously talented singer/songwriter. I've personally purchased the soundtrack (which is available on her website) for the sole reason that it was a pleasure to listen to.Naturally, this game's winning asset is its impeccable story - one that's heartbreaking and heartwarming at the same time, albeit easy to follow and understand. Saying any more would simply ruin the serenity of its plot, so I'll leave it to you to find out for yourself!"
,Recommended,256290,20341614,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Baub,"I really enjoyed this game. The story is great. The art direction and style is acceptable. The gameplay is repetitive, but enjoyable with the occational boss. The recent slew of EA survival games and rogue indie games taking over the store this game is a pleasent reprieve."
,Recommended,256290,28035180,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Alystin Moriarty,"One of the best games I've ever played. Interactive fairy tale, with astonishing artworks, beautiful soundtrack and even smoother gameplay. Sometimes challenging, sometimes funny, and sometimes sad in a good way, as any story should be. Worth any penny you throw for it. I could reccomend it to anyone at any age. One of truly rare and outstanding gems in game industry. Don't wait, just press the button and buy it!"
,Recommended,256290,24330170,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"Pleasently suprised by Child of Light!I had this game in my library ever since its release but never got around to give it a shot.The art direction is really superb. Great visual style with an outstanding soundtrack (piano by Béatrice Martin, aka Coeur de Pirate). My only wish would have been if the soundtrack been possible to buy as DLC since it is not. (if interested, you can acquire it on either iTunes or here:Website link)The combat gameplay is all turn-based so it is not ""so simple"" as it may seems. As for non-combats, you have some quests to do, which can unlock some more companions that follows you in your adventure. All companions offer a different set of skills and abilities for the turn-based combat. Enemies all have weakness to some type of attack/damage type whether magical or melee. Experimenting with different combos is another strong suite of this game!Story is pretty much your ""already seen, already played out"" but I'm still fine with it.Overall, this is a game that I wholeheartedly recommend for either adults and even for kids... or ever better, parents playing this with their kid!"
,Recommended,256290,17807938,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Ext--DabLive,"There are games which send you on journeys. Unforgetable adventures. Memorable characters. Lovely experiences. This is one those rare few.Days have come where AAA games are under critisism for lack of quality and moneys worth. And now the indie-type games have come to rule the industry. This is evident from many of these games which stand out exceptioanlly.The game play is pretty unique. But the fightng mechanism could be fresutrating. So in case of enjoying the story, start off with a lower difficulty. [This advise is so out in my prespective as I always play the games in highest difficulty.] As fights doesn't play much of a part in the story, don't let it disturb your progress.I would recommend all of you to play this masterful game. This would help you to mend the black mark which you have in mind about Ubisoft!"
,Recommended,256290,25182488,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MX,"+Great artwork+Beautiful music+Good plot+Intresting character development-Some characters are cg rendered, should have been drawn like others9/10"
,Recommended,256290,15717930,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Sackman,"12 hour campaign with consistent quality and good music.Some people are put off by the dialog ryming.Has the theme of a childrens book.As someone who wanted a nice relaxing game, this was perfect."
76561198008899722,Recommended,256290,18405970,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,DragonsDeck,"Child of Light is a somewhat short but still fun take on the RPG genre.  I played the game on the casual difficulty, there is also an option for hardcore difficulty but I'm not sure what that changes that makes to the gameplay.You start off as a girl named Aurora who begins a journey in another land.  At the start of the game you are only limited to walking along the ground however you will soon be granted the gift of flight and the game takes off from there.  After learning to fly you'll begin exploring the world of Lemuria and gaining companions to explore the world with you and fight the evil your tasked to fight.The combat in the game is active turn based combat with the ability to have your turn or the enemies turn interupted.  There is the waiting phase and the casting phase.  If you attack an enemy in the casting phase they will lose their attack, while if the enemy attacks you in that phase you lose your turn.  There are skills both passive and active (friendly or enemy) that can speed up or slow down your waiting/casting bar.  There are not to many complicated enemies in the game.  Most enemies are pretty easy to decipher what they are weak to (Water/Fire/Lightning/Light) and you are able to slot some gems into your weapons/armour to plan for them.  As well some characters have type specific damge.And moving into Characters.  The game features a wide array of various side kicks to help Aurora in her quest.  The side characters have a unique look and feel to them.  Your elemental light companion will be your main companion through the whole game and does add some uniqueness to the game.  He has the ability to find hidden areas as well as aid in battle or heal Aurora outside of battle.  However when the battles begin is where the most of the characters begin to feel kind of generic.  Most of the characters have very similar abilities outside of a select few.  For the most part they have a single target attack, multi target attack and then a spell of some sort.  For my play through I only used 3 or 4 of I think the 8 avaiilable side characters.  You also gain levels fairly frequently which lets you keep adding to the skill tree.  The skill tree seems large at first, however the amount of levels gained, the tree fills quickly.  But progressing through the skill tree doesn't provide as big a reward as it should, most of it is just increasing damage for certain abilities.The enemies do also fall into the generic sorts in battle.  There isn't the biggest diversity of enemy types and then some are reused for the different element types (Fire/Water/Lightning), but there's enough types you won't see the same ones over and over gain the whole game.The story is good, nothing ground breaking or exremely memorable.  But it does have it's moments that keep you interested in it.The art is probably the biggest thing that I enjoyed about the game.  The game has a very unique/interesting art style and while not everyone may like it, I felt it suits the game's story and overall feel of the game.  There are variety of unique locations in the game and the art does make them feel unique and makes the game enjoyable to explore.The levels/areas in the game are fairly straight forward.  There are some puzzles and hidden areas to find, but for the most part each area is pretty simple and straight forward to go through.  There is a little bit of backtracking throughout the game but not enough that it gets frustratiing.The game is a uPlay activated game and for some that's a big issue.  I've never really had any big issues with uPlay that haven't got resolved quickly.  The game does go on sale fairly frequently and I would suggest picking it up on sale as it is fairly short and not overly difficult.  Also the DLC is not realy required however I did enjoy the Golem so I feel that might be worth picking up with the game.Overall if you are looking for a not to difficult active turn based RPG with unique visuals than this game should meet all those requirements.  If you are looking for a lengthy adventure, or a more challenging task, than this is something you may want to pass over.  I enjoyed the game for what it was and it was enjoyable to play through."
,Recommended,256290,33422909,Posted: 9 July,all,Krazyhorse,Highly recommend this game. Its got an amazing art style and sound track. Combat system isn't too complicated but does over variety and can get challenging on the expert setting. Story and characters were great.
76561198093488797,Recommended,256290,16393774,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Trivialization,"In a fantasy setting of wonder and magic, with an enthralling story although rather tragic. You find side-quests, characters and skill-trees oh gee, here is much to do, here is so much to see. So if you like a turn-based combat system refreshing and fun, then Child of Light is a brilliant one. Even at full price, this game is a steal, but lucky for you right now Steam has a deal.So set forth to experience a gem of a game, if you let uplay stand in the way, you are indeed rather lame."
,Recommended,256290,16473214,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Yuusha Elric,"Pros:++ Beautiful, melodic and heartfelt and atmosphorics soundtrack (this is what I like most)+ Great visuals so colorful for 2D game+ All dialogue in the game seems fair (sometimes I must think twice to understand but it's fun)+ There are some like comedy and little sad that sometimes give me atmosphere+ The storyline or gameplay is both charming and engagingCons:- This game requires uPlay- DRM (yeah sure ubisoft sometimes umm yeah you know s*ck)- Finally DRM and uPlayFor sure It's one of the best soundtrack for game, stunningly beautifull, I just can't help but play it just for listening to music. it's worth game and best kinda for me, unfortunately the uPlay kinda make this game awkward but I think it's still okay cause I have no issues for know.9.5/10 just minus for drm uPlay"
76561198101097504,Recommended,256290,27386608,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Half a Bunch of Half Grapes,"Enjoyable combat system, beautiful graphics and story."
76561198046724806,Recommended,256290,14061864,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,OperatorHunterM,"This side scrolling RPG game is full of gorgeous art, tells a heartfelt story and has classic turnbased gameplay. It just has a little problem with details.POSITIVES -And honestly if that's what you want in a game, Child of Light is completely for you. Its gameplay is very simple, a little repetitive and not complicated, like the usual RPG. It'll throw in stat boosts, debuffs and a rock paper scissors formula as the game goes on, but nothing that's too difficult or new. So if you're fine with that old school feel, you'll be impressed with the game.The art is painted, water colored and ... well, amazing. The music ranges from soft and to intense; the developer really knew what she was doing. The atmosphere is also done so well, from the dark and moody beginning, to the huge and open bright fields after you've gained your new powers.And really the feel of this game is what helps the story. You play as a young girl named Aurora who's been thrown down the rabbit hole, everything straight out of an old child book. And it really works. This coming-of-age tale is detailed and imaginative, but still very simple. It's a tale of good vs. evil, growing up and even tragedy. Running through a lonely and dark forest in the beginning of the game, only to shout a cheer when you gain your wings and sword, it just feels triumphant. Our main protagonist goes from being a slightly selfish princess and child, to someone who takes on responsibility, even if it means making tough decisions and charging into a dark world that isn't so different from our own.NEGATIVES -The few problems of Child of Light are mainly its tedious puzzles, lack of development in its side cast and rushed ending.I had no problem with the old feel of gameplay or skill set, like some people do. But after hours of playing the game, even in its last dungeon, you'll be maneuvering around the same spikes, pushing boxes and following clues you've seen before. It would have been nice to have a little more variety.The side characters are extremely endearing filled with personality, even if a little cliché. But after their initial introduction, they barely get any extra personal touch and their problems don't get mentioned or resolved until the end of the game......which is rushed. And that's unfortunate, because it's VERY rushed. The game has a way of giving a good poetic feel when it comes to its plot. And certain things in this sort of fantasy setting aren't meant to make complete sense, but Child of Light still has it all structured. So it's pretty jarring when the game ends rather quickly, really quickly. It resolves everything, but it seems much more forced than everything you've been through so far. And certain plot twists and events don't get explained fully or at all at the end.CONCLUSION -Child of Light is really an amazing game and one of my favorites for 2014. It has everything put together so well and it’s just lovely. But the details are sometimes a little muddy.Those issues didn't distract me enough though to not HIGHLY RECOMMEND this game to anyone.Wonderful. Bravo. I want a sequel."
,Recommended,256290,14876442,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Meccanica,"Oh my gosh this game is SO PRETTY.It's THE PRETTIEST.And it's also pretty fun. The prettiest fun.Only gripe is that the rhyming dialogue doesn't always feel like it scans well. I can't always figure out which syllables are supposed to be stressed for it to make sense.If you're like me and that bothers the heck out of you, I recommend taking some deep breaths and playing this anyway because, just, ooooooooohhh ~<3"
76561198067505253,Recommended,256290,20978399,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Protomario,"Pretty fun RPG game that is similar to old style turn based RPG's with speed as a gameplay element, but you can turn the tides of battle with a special ability each battle.This game is tough, and pretty sad but satisfying to RPG enthusietsts."
76561198061557579,Recommended,256290,14429672,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ms.Cookie,"I love story of revenge about brave little girl.It was a very good game, you deserve!"
,Recommended,256290,14951628,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,RobC04,"Even though Child of Light is tagged as a platformer, the tactical battles play a much more significant role in the game. It's a unique and engaging system where success depends on selecting the right characters for the encounter, utilizing the skills in an intelligent way, and a unique system of timing the attacks. Beautiful visuals are accompanied by exellent music. Music I'd actually listen to outside of the game.I almost quit playing after tiring of forced rhymes, and a story I wasn't that invested in. Around the middle of the game, I started enjoying the story a bit more. There were times when the story touched an emotional chord.Combat could become a little repetitive, but a new challenge usually wasn't too far around the corner so I persevered during those times. The music in the final battle was like a reward for my persistence. Controlling the flow of combat with Igniculus was rewarding in its own right, just as much as selecting the right characters for a particular encounter and making smart skill choices.A new game+ mode exists for those looking for more, but I think it is a 1 playthrough type of game. A playthrough which I enjoyed more than I first thought I would. For a more detailed review please see myfull review."
,Not Recommended,256290,29422608,Posted: 22 January,all,IceBlitz,"Too much fighting, and the fighting gets very repetitive after a while.The fighting is so dominant that the story drowns a bit."
76561198091872524,Recommended,256290,28482295,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,GoldBoss315,"Ultimately, it's an incredible game.It's undoubtedly gorgeous, and every bit of dialogue and music just adds to the rich experience of playing the game.  Uplay, however,  is terrible.  If you've already suffered through creating a Uplay account for some other game, then I would highly recommend this one.  If you haven't, I would simply recommend that you avoid it as best you can.Summary:Game = GoodUplay = Bad"
,Recommended,256290,12253726,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Jackal Shadownight <3 fuuko,"If You love Side-scrolling, RPG's type games u will love this gamethe music is good the diologe is amazing and the gameplay is really funthe boss battles can be challanging but i give this game a 10/10"
76561198016308878,Recommended,256290,12504521,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,demonborntwice,"As a player of console-style RPGs, I'm really happy this game exists.  It's a beautiful example of how art direction can add so much to solid gameplay and a classic, if well-worn, story.  The game's combat system is really easy for any veteran of the genre (which is why they included a Hard mode), but works well and integrates well into the tactics you can do with your party.  It's solid, it's fun, and it strikes that balance where battles don't frustrate you into hating whenever they crop up, but they also interest you enough to put thought into the fight.It's really the art direction that sells this game, though.  Everything is a dreamy watercolor and ink, perfectly suited for a children's story book.  Coupled with the excellent music, I found myself completely involved in Aurora's adventure, wanting her to succeed and happy that I was there helping her out in a way.  I cringed at her bare feet on the rocky ground, chuckled at every time she had to sternly correct people that she wasn't a princess, smiled at her childish and loving dialogue, fought not to cry at her moment of despair, and sometimes even found myself staring in awe as she took on grim creatures for the sake of Lemuria and her friends.It's a fairy tale, so don't expect any plot twists, but it makes no bones about what it is, and as such people who come in expecting to be sucker-punched should probably stick with the games that do that kind of plot, like OFF or The Witch's House.  This isn't to say that the game lacks emotional torque; I've found it very difficult to get past teary-eyed even at the most intense moments in games I've played, and this thing had me fighting not to cry around the midway point.  I knew every last thing that would happen, and yet the telling was beautiful enough to make it seem fresh and new.  That's the core of it, really; it could have easily fallen apart with how cliched everything could be said to be, but it believes so deeply in its story that I ended up believing too, and that experience is what makes the difference."
,Recommended,256290,10046754,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,tzumainn,"I'm not entirely sure what drew me to Child of Light.  Was it the beautiful watercolor art?  The plaintive music?  The little girl that reminded me of my own daughter?  All I can say is that the previews exhibited an intangible quality that made the game one that I had to purchase.First and foremost, Child of Light is a classic fairy tale, told simply and in a straightforward manner.  It is filled with the tropes one might expect - wicked stepmother, lost child, an impossible quest - and is also possessed of the melancholy that the best fairy tales have, a feeling intensified by the haunting flute melody.  This effect is also heightened by the beautiful art direction.  I felt like I was watching a painted book illustration come to life, and when I first started the game, I spent a minute or two just marvelling at the way Aurora's hair swirled as if underwater.Child of Light is also a role-playing game, and although some of its mechanics fall short, the main battle system is wonderfully and unexpectedly engaging.  The basic concept is simple: during combat a single time bar shows who is the next to act, whether it be a member of your party or a monster.  Chosen actions and haste attributes affect how long it takes to reach the end of the bar and perform your action.  And if you hit a monster (or vice versa) in the small space of time right before it acts, you interrupt the creature and send it flying back down the time bar.This one modification to a pretty standard combat system adds a layer of excitement and calculation.  Chain-interrupting a monster over and over again feels utterly dominating; trying to ensure that your party avoids interruption can be nerve-wrackingly tense.  And when you encounter later monsters and bosses that punish you for interrupting them, the sudden scramble to figure out an appropriate strategy is enjoyably frenetic.The supporting game systems - skill trees, potions, gem crafting - are less polished, almost like afterthoughts.  Rather than enhancing the play, they feel like something tacked on just to give the player additional things to do.  That leads to another potential criticism: Child of Light is not the most difficult game, and someone yearning for challenging depth may be disappointed.Add my feeling that the ending was a bit abrupt, and the conclusion is that Child of Light could have done with a few more coats of polish.  That being said, I still loved my time playing the game, the sensation of falling from the present into a magical and wondrous world.  For me, Child of Light is an easy game to recommend.--- Closing Eyes is Magic ---""Ready?"" he asks, and Melly nods.  He pinches a blue plastic brick between two fingers and lifts it up before his daughter.  ""And now,"" he says, ""I will make this disappear!""  Melly nods again, solemn as a statue.  She doesn't smile much, not anymore, but he is hopeful that this will do the trick.He holds the brick for a heartbeat longer.  Then he takes his other hand and swirls it.  ""Abracadabra,"" he says.  ""Hocus pocus. . .  Nowclose your eyes!""Melly does so immediately.  A fainttinkfalls somewhere in the room.  ""Look,"" he says.  ""It's gone!""Itisgone.  Melly jumps up and down and claps her hands; pleased, he spreads his arms in triumph.  ""Again!"" she says.  ""Daddy, do it again, please!""He knows he shouldn't, but he no longer has the heart to refuse her much.  And so he does it again: he holds another brick out, he waves his hand, he incants the magic words.  Except this time when he shouts for her to close her eyes, she keeps them open.  Her gaze tracks the brick as he tosses it over his shoulder.He sighs.  ""Potato,"" he says, invoking his pet name for her, ""you didn't close your eyes.""""I wanted to see what you did.""  Melly says.  Her forehead creases, and for a moment he sees the ghost of her mother there.  ""You just threw it!  That's not magic.""He rolls his eyes, exaggerating for effect.  ""Well  of course not.  That's not where the magic is.""  He takes his index finger and places it on her forehead, firmly.  ""Closing eyes is magic.""Melly hesitates, then agrees.  And when he performs the trick a third time, she closes her eyes.  When she opens them, the brick is gone, he is grinning, and she laughs and laughs and laughs.***The next afternoon as they walk home from kindergarten, Melly trips over cracks, stumbles over rocks, bumps into mailboxes.  After the third time she falls, he examines her and frowns.  ""Potato,"" he says, ""are you walking with your eyes closed?""Melly smiles.  One hand grips her father's; the other is outstretched, palm up with fingers lightly curled, as if holding an invisible hand, or perhaps one that has been missing for the past half year.  ""Closing eyes is magic,"" she says, gently.  ""I remembered.""Startled, he opens his mouth.  He should say something, but he does not know what.  So instead he watches his daughter float along, a dream on her face.  A few steps later, he closes his own eyes.  And then he opens them again to cross the street."
,Recommended,256290,10705593,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Big Money Salvia,"Look, i'm not the type of person who usually plays these kind of games. I tend to stick with larger Tripple A titles from larger companies, and may sometimes jump into smaller, 2D, indie or story based games, but this game just blew me away.The mixture of a great story with a fantastic soundtrack, and beautiful art design (so good). I remember exploring this world and seeing the amazing mountains and buildings in the background, and once even noticed a giant walking in the distance. The beauty of the game really blew me away, and the beautiful soundtrack made it better. It was so beautiful and fun exploring this world, and it left me wanting more when I finished. The combat was intense, interesting and really fun as well. I was really satisfied everytime I won a battle. The boss battles were really the highlight of the combat in my opinion. I had more fun fighting the bosses than the actual creatures you come across while exploring, and this is obviously how it should be.The only negative thing I came across was that the menu was so obviouly made for consoles. It was awkward navigating at times and I often made mistakes, but it's something that I got used to and didn't mind too much, it's only a slight issue.Overall it's a great game that you should buy. 9/10 for those who care about scores..."
76561198039278769,Recommended,256290,24800332,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,pwn3d,"I liked Child of Light a whole lot, especially because it's made through independent means. Loved the painterly art style of the game, but not a whole lot of replay value. Bought it because it was on sale, and the experience is definitely worth the price. Before you play it, though, make sure your computer can handle the graphics, because my old one sure lagged while playing it."
,Recommended,256290,13186735,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Insanitys Muse,"A beautiful game that really shows how video games can do story telling differently than books, movies, and shows. The actual gameplay is sort of an evolution from classic turn-based RPGs (e.g. FF6) where you have 2 active characters at any given time but can swap characters out anytime it's your turn. On normal it didn't require a great deal of strategy to get through most fights (a couple were scary for sure even so), I imagine it's a bit brutal on the harder difficulty.It may seem short for a story-telling RPG but it really is just about a perfect length for itself. Highly recommend this game, goes up on the top-tier shelf and is another excellent example of how a game can both be fun and tell a story in a unique way. Also it's purty.5/5 fireflies"
,Recommended,256290,33513407,Posted: 13 July,all,DON'T WANNA PLAY WITH PERUVIANS,"Ok, I love RPGs and this is a masterpiece, just play it."
,Recommended,256290,23787150,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Yagammi0,Such a majestic journey!The music is awesome and right on spot.Ubisoft can create great games sometimes.
,Recommended,256290,22887050,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Disastercake,"Curator Page:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/disastercake#curationOverall a very enjoyable romp through a colorful dream world where you can fly!I completed the game in about 10 hours.The battle system is heavily inspired by Grandia's active time combat with interuptions coupled with Final Fantasy 10's feature to swap team members in and out whenever you want.  In addition it has the twist that you can hover over a single enemy and click to ""slow"" them with light.Some notes:Pulls a lot of similar classic JRPG inspirations as my own game,Soul Saga.Plays and feels like a polished indie game, but was actually created by Ubisoft, a rather large AAA studio.An interesting european take on the JRPG genre.Beautiful water color styled 2D graphics.There are 2 difficulty modes: Easy and Hard.  I played on easy and, to be expected, it was quite easy.  I never tried hard.Healing is done in a unique way where you find glowing bushes that spawn a series of orbs you then move your cursor over in the correct order to spawn healing orbs.Classic European evil godmother and step sisters type fairytale story (with its own unique twists) that takes place in a surreal dream world.You can fly early on in the game, making exploration quite fun.Clever and interesting puzzles in the level design related to your light creating cursor and flying ability, though the puzzle variety is very limited.No equipment, instead you combine gems you find to determine stats.A few quick side quests (12 total), but mostly just a linear main storyline.All of the characters talk in rhyme.  Apparently they designed the game to be like an interactive fairy tale poem.Some weird uPlay login system, apparently a secondary DRM.No Steam achievements as of this review posting.  Apparently the uPlay thing keeps its own achievement records.Took about 10 hours for me to do a nearly 100% playthrough. (missed one side quest)There's some sort of new game plus, but I haven't looked into it as I felt satisfied with the amount I playedA small critique, but it feels like the ending is a little rushed compared to the pacing of the rest of the game.  By just my intuition it seems like there might have been one last dungeon planned but got cut out for the scope.  Perhaps related: apparently the art director passed away a year before the project launched.  At the end of the credits his name, Thomas Rollus, appears as dedicated to.  As a game developer myself I was curious to know more about how an interruption with such a critical role affected the project, but couldn't find anymore information.  If anyone knows, please feel free to share."
,Recommended,256290,14474349,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,SmoothOperator,"The Child of Light a very relaxed platform adventure game with a turn-based battle system.Gameplay mechanics are simple and work well and the battle system has plenty of depths.It’s one of those few games where you feel you are playing a work of art. It is mesmerizing.The design of the game world and foes is beautiful, the music is a soothing lullaby caressing your ears and the adventure itself is a coming of age story of little girl - a princess. Even the dialogue in the game is written in rhyme. Alas not the best rhyme I have seen, but that fact that it isn't that great adds an air of lightness to the othewise fairly melancholy experience.If you are a relaxed type of gamer who can appreciate fantasy, soft tunes, platforming and a little bit of tactical thinking then this  charming little gem is for you.9/10"
76561198116416399,Recommended,256290,34471987,Posted: 24 August,all,Summer Lycan,"Child of Light is a relaxing, yet sometimes challenging RPG with beautiful art/music, a great story and gameplay."
,Recommended,256290,33557202,Posted: 15 July,all,Its_Batman,"As big as a fan i am of 2D/2.5D games, i must say this is one of the best.Child of Light controls are like most of the 2D games but what makes this special is the combat system! The combat of this game is turn based strategic combat. Not completely tho! It has its unique way of dividing its combat system from other games like this. The plot and story is fantastic! And as a game from ubisoft its graphics is beautiful for a 2D games and the enviroment. One of the best looking artistic game i've played. And the OST/Soundtracks of this game are complete masterpiece! Another thing that i loved was how a game like this can have such meaningful side quests and interesting world. Overall its a masterpiece of its genre!My rating is - 9.5/10I recommend this game if you're looking for one of the best rides in your life!"
,Recommended,256290,23712896,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Zero Summ,"Ubisoft doesn't disappoint me for once.Pros:Art/atmosphere is astounding, you can really tell they put a lot of care into the look and feel of this game.Well polished 2D platform and RPG elements.Combat is engaging and fun. While the individual combat mechanics used in this game can be found in other RPGs, when viwed as a whole, it feels like a unique experience.Wonderful co-op experience to enjoy with a friend or significant other.Nine very different and interesting party members.Great soundtrack.Neutral:Requires the use of Uplay. This might be considered a flat-out con for some. While I view it as a slight annoyance, not a huge deal for me.Rhymes, Rhymes everywhere.Game is kind of short (I beat it in about 13 hours), however, it is also rather inexpensive.Cons:Game isn't fully voice-overed."
,Recommended,256290,10083305,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Tatsuhoshi,"Don't let the cute exterior of this fantastically designed game fool you.  Beneath the cute, cherubic face of the main character, Aurora, lies a deep plot of betrayal, death, despair, witty dialogue, and complex emotional situations.  While the characters speak largely in prose, sometimes the rhyming seems a bit forced or tedious, but overall, this doesn't detract from the appeal of this game.  You may need a dictionary or thesaurus handy for some lines, as Ubi is definitely flexing their literary muscles with this title.UbiArt has found the perfect fusion between picturesque platforming adventure games and true, turn-based classic rpgs.  Using a battle system somewhat reminiscent of the battle systems in Final Fantasy 6 through 10 and a skill system something like out of 10 and 11, the player is given an experience that will probably be familiar, but with new aspects to it, such as the ability to choose an enemy to slow down.  The combat system is further diversified with the use of special crystals that the characters can equip in order to enhance various combat abilities.I just spent two days marathoning this game on hard and feeling very satisfied with what I had played.  While somewhat short in terms of rpgs at roughly 20 hours without DLC, there's no shortage of things to do in the game.  The tendency to skip battles will be high with the ability to simply fly around many of them, but you may not want to.  Boss battles tend to be pretty hard and need a good bit of planning to get through.  I'm honestly not sure if that holds true on lower difficulties.  One nice feature of the game is that if you've missed a side quest or mini-quest along the way, that's not a problem.I think the two best features of this game are the local co-op and the use of the light-based puzzles.  The second player takes control of Igniculus, a small light elemental that helps Aurora at the start of her adventure.  Using either the mouse or the second player controller (controllers work best in this game, imo), the second player can move around, gather items for the player, light up rooms, and slow down enemies.   This is a great feature for gamers with kids that actually want to take part in their parent's activities.  Even if they don't listen to you and go off and do their own thing, it won't be devastatingly bad, except maybe during a boss battle.The light puzzles caught me offguard at first, but once I got used to them, they were fairly easy, yet still interesting.  More games integrating puzzles into their gameplay could definitely learn from the examples in this game.  I nearly got thrown off by one puzzle at the Gate to the Palace of the Sun, but was able to figure it out with some careful observation.The soundtrack for this game is amazingly well done.  Songs are sufficiently long enough that being stuck on a stage doesn't become an experience of wanting to pull your ears off of your head, and the boss music is sufficiently epic for fighting demons, dragons, and things of that sort.  Perhaps even more fittingly epic than many other games that I've played."
,Recommended,256290,12917194,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Wrathzog,"This game is legit.  Beautiful aesthetics.  Gameplay is solid, though it feels a bit overtuned in some spots (maybe I just suck)."
,Recommended,256290,23232789,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,DeadeGuard98,"DaRevieweD #2My First RPG to Speak My Mind About!! Ok, Here Goes. A Foreword, I Am Experienced With A Plethora of RPGs; Final Fantasy, Suikoden, Persona, You Name It. There Are Just So Much Variations In Gaining EXP, Fighting, Storylines. Without Further Ado, I Present to Thee!!""A Tale of Greatness.""[+] PROS;(a) A Work of Art-Gorgeous in its distinct way. Detailed and never distracting.(b) Addictive-With only two characters playable in the party and the need for constant switching. One can't help but be dependent.(c) Goodie Two Shoes-Side quests; Easy to get lost in. Some were pretty overwhelming (in a need to micromanage kind of way)(d) The More The Merrier-If you play 'Two Players'; The other controls Igniculus during field exploration and combat. However I just solo it (still, nice to know its a choice)(e) Bard Wonders-Soundtrack gives one the feels; Ranging from accompanying the journey to save Aurora's Kingdom all the more triumphant to desperate lows of being held captive.(f) Royal Mistreatment-The difficulty curve is interesting. (Might I add, smothering)[h1[-] CONS;[/h1](i) Routine-The battles do grow tedious very quickly. Exception being boss encounters, little devils done right.(ii) Snoozefest-The old-fashioned, timey English language does cast one to slumber (I'm sorry to say) Although, if patiently sat through, one's vocabulary would certainly prevail!(iii) Lacking A Certain Magic-Unlike other RPGs; No changing equipments (excluding gems to raise character stats. On the contrary, utilising a skill tree softens the blow significantly.""I Enchant To This?""8/10"
,Not Recommended,256290,18049856,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Snuggles,"So here is the thing - if you like Uplay, or aren't annoyed by having to use another steam-like client in addition to steam every single time you want to play this game - consider my review a thumbs up and move on to the second portion of my review.The following reasons for hating Uplay are my reasons for giving this a thumbs down (this is ubisoft developed)1. Steam already exists.2. Uplay is chewing up more than 0% of my resources.3. There is no way to bypass Uplay to simply launch Child of Light.4. Uplay pop-ups.5. Steam ALREADY EXISTS AND HAS ACHIEVED MARKET SATURATION.Please - if any part of Ubisoft is reading this, add it to the pile, we hate Uplay! We hate uplay, even the people who love your games (and I really enjoyed what I played of child of light!) hate uplay. Stop foisting it on people in an attempt to replicate valve - you will never replicate valve, as evidence by the fact that I am writing this review on steam, and so have many others.The game itselfNot without its flaws, the rhyming gets a bit repetitive, and the combat feels shallow in certain ways (repetitive abilities, recycled enemy art) yet is satisfying and the story and environment are delightful. I really enjoyed how it fused a fairy tale style with JRPG mechanics and was intrigued to see how it concluded. If you enjoy JRPGs, and like what you've seen from the screenshots and video I would hazard a purchase, just make sure you have an hour set aside to try it out in case you need a refund.I honestly would have happily finished this game, but every single time I went to play it, Uplay functioned as some sort of harassing butler that kept jabbering at me about sales and uplay points or some such nonsense. I'd give the games a thumbs up - but the shrieking visage of Uplay  is now linked to it via pavlovian response, so I give the two of them a thumbs down. If Uplay finally dies a death I will return to this game and edit my review."
76561198084908849,Not Recommended,256290,18368314,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ARN,I bought the game and it looks awesome but somehow Uplay is beeing a stupid♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,256290,18497080,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,DocBadwrench,"Yes, I know: UPlay is terrible. We all know that. So what if you can stomach that crap?First: I really,reallywanted to like this game. It is beautiful to look at and a joy to explore. Everything's hand painted.That said, you are still left with anExtremelyHard turn-based strategy combat game. If you are exceedingly good at thoseDisciplesgames, then my recommendation is to buy this game. You will love it. If you arenotexceedingly good at those Disciples games, you may hate this game.Guess which one I am? I just rage-uninstalled the game after my final, tedious boss fight. The highlight had to be finally humbling myself and moving down to the casual difficulty (inexplicably, there are only two difficulty levels). Even then, I was no closer to beating this particular boss.Better yet, after failing out of combat this last time, I ran around and collected little wisps to replenish my health and magic, but who the hell cares: I went back into that super-hard fight minus all the potions I used in desperation the last time. I had one of those moments like ""oh yeah, this happened last time.""I found potions in these ornate boxes with so much fun little mini-fanfare - like collecting candy - only to blow them all in one bad fight.If you need to farm, the game fails to convey it. You sure don't get much from the random combats out in the world. There is almost always a resource cost for any combat useful enough to gain XP from. As a result, I never had enough resources.Add to that the very last thing that I'm sooo tired of in this genre: The constant action interruptions and revive-fall-revive-run-away stoopid-loop that seems to characterize the games in this genre.I keep wanting to like this genre. I keep being disappointed. And yes, fanboys: I suck. So what. Ifyousuck too, you will come to hate this beautiful horror."
76561198004495161,Not Recommended,256290,10024473,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,foolishwtf,Uses UPlay DRM
,Recommended,256290,10108100,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,elea tiri,This is a fun game. I didn't notice that passage of time at all :D
,Recommended,256290,10074821,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Helios,aweasome..
76561198042979946,Recommended,256290,19325720,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,achronos0,"It really is a poem, a beautiful, playable poem.If you tend to love games for originality, or for the strength of the theme/mood they create, then you will probably love it.Wonderful art and music and a simple but haunting story combine to evoke a unique mood in Child of Light: childlike wonder coupled with world-weary sadness.The story is simple -- even basic -- but touching and original, and with lots of embellishments to add depth to the world without taking away from the core narrative.Gameplay is enjoyable. It's a fairly simple platformer that becomes a turn-based non-tactical JRPG for combat.It is not hugely difficult, don't expect either the platforming or the combat to be intensely challenging. But I found it very satistfying, and it definitely does its primary job of furthering the mood and the story.Also an aside: almost all of the negative reviews are people complaining about UPlay, not the game -- and many of them just hate UPlay in principle, they aren't even complaining about a specific problem they had with this title.If you factor out the people who just don't like UPlay the approval rating is probably something like 97% or 98%."
76561198069678381,Not Recommended,256290,13311399,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,RootBot,"I was first attracted to this game by its unique art style, but I wasn't expecting a game that was more art piece than RPG. This in essence is what the game is. That isn't to say it doesn't do that extremely well. From the music to artistry and even the ham-fisted rhyming dialogue the game is extremely beautiful to look at. The game mechanics just are not there to back it all up. The leveling trees are much too linear and allow for little to no specialization. You will also get many characters to use in the game, but it comes to a point where you will only focus on a core group. If you’re looking for a game that will hold your interest it just isn’t this."
,Not Recommended,256290,13405696,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,{PK} HastyPixels,"Not as delightful as I'd hoped. Combat is tiresome and very tense. Don't tell me I'm the only one who's upset by the idea of paying for character stat upgrades. This game has a lot of potential, but wears itself out thanks to Uplay DRM (which is a hassle), forgettable music and self-consciousness. Clearly written with an awareness of its themes, what is the point of bucking them all the time?This is a fantasy and it would have done far better playing to its strengths in that ""light"". If you're expecting something that plays as nicely as it looks, you haven't found it. Which is a true shame, as the artwork really is special - but regrettably, that's it. I'm not motivated to help Aurora win, and that is a true shame, because isn't that what this genre is supposed to do?"
,Not Recommended,256290,13472203,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Vionicles,"I really tried to like this game, but (as an unpatient person) the game flows too slowly for me. It was really boring and the rhymes were out of place and too predictable, and sometimes they don't even try to rhyme! I was really disappointed. The flying gave me a headache, the fighting mechanics are annoying and bland, the rhymes are bad and the story is slow.I see people complaining about needing to sign up for uPlay but I didn't see that as a problem.Also, why would you have such a confusing and complicated ""skill tree"" and ""gem crafting"" system presented to me without any tutorials?I'm sorry ubisoft, you caught me with FarCry and Rayman but this didn't really do it for me...All in all, this game is too flawed for me to like."
76561198065694293,Not Recommended,256290,13606511,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,serpentegena,"Not for experienced rogue-like RPG players.Yes, it has lovely pastel visuals. Yes, the dialogues rhyme. Yes, it actually has a pleasantly optimized battle system.It is also extremely EASY. I started the game on ""Casual"" and immediately switched to ""Expert"" because ""Casual"" played more like a peaceful demo than an RPG (""Casual"", - the name says it all).I mean, I can see why this game would be geared towards people like me - those who enjoy having a strong story, nice visuals, and simpler, easier battle that can just serve the story instead of presenting an additional and parallel challenge.I know we're not in Dark Souls territory here, but I like earning my victories and the Expert mode is barely making me work for it. If it's too easy for me, it's probably too easy for 90% of players out there.This would be a must-have game for youngsters (14-18 year olds) interested in getting into rogue-like RPGs. It's gentle enough, eases you into the battle and has an engrossing story.For experienced players though, the game would get old fast and the characters seem very over-powered for a real challenge to eventually develop.Now, if the previous warning hasn't changed your mind, here are all the wonderful things that this game has to offer.SPOILER WARNINGS (perhaps)In combat there is a time-dependent turn system that allows the player to skip ahead of enemies' turns if the right casts and potions are used. Each actor's time to next action can vary, sometimes spectacularly (you thought you were behind an enemy, but suddenly he is interrupted by your teammate and his TTNA is lengthened). This adds a level of interesting unpredictability to combat gameplay.Another useful bit of info that nobody else has mentioned: during battle the firefly glims generated when Igniculus ""shakes"" the light bushes are worth about twice Igniculus' light meter. For optimal utilization of the glims, always try to capture about half of the glims, then let the rest float around until the light meter is running low again. Otherwise, once the meter is full, any additional glims are going to waste.Ubisoft made the welcome change here of shifting cleric-type casts like healing and enemy debuffs outside of the turn system and onto the Igniculus character.This enables a more offensive dynamic to develop with PCs and focuses on matching attacks to enemies, timing offense and defense (NB: when enemy and player character are within the timer's ""red zone"" the preferred action should be defense), and generally making your party more proactive and less micro-managed.I personally spend most of battle with the Igniculus trigger enabled on one of the enemies, according to each of their turns in the battle sequence and their action speed.Party members start out ""pre-typed"" so to speak - Aurora is clearly a mage-type build, despite the big MFKN sword she receives at the beginning. The skill tree however, offers an opportunity to shift the character type more towards a melee fighter with strength and HP boosts. If that is your intention, I would recommend to either grind a bit at the beginning to earn Uplay credits that you can redeem for HP and strength bonuses, or maybe to wait for the right party member to join gameplay and mould it into the fighter that you want to have up-front and in the face of your enemies.Sadly there is no cover system, no grid and no distinction between melee and ranged fighting - a mage cast is equivalent to a physical attack, and each character has a primary physical attack. Honestly at my current level my characters are so OP that I can't tell if it makes a difference or not. The only noticeable thing is that my fighter character has MP that she never uses unless there's a major crisis like HP drastically low while Igniculus' meter is empty - in which case she can heal any party member (as a turn-based action). This permits for the fighter character to occasionally squeeze out a buff for the entire party at the beginning of a battle and just sit on the rest of the MP until needed at a later time.The gem upgrade system was also nice (called ""oculi"" in-game) with a no-nonsense elemental interdependence (fire, water, lightning) that allows you to have ridiculously unfair advantages against enemies. A typical attack makes almost triple the damage if the correct oculus (can I decline it that way?) is applied to the weapon.One thing that bothered me at the beginning was that when Aurora walked, the feet were misaligned with the path on which she was walking (it looked pretty half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for all the effort that was put into creating the backgrounds in the first place), but after the first boss-battle where the additional ability of flight is unlocked, and implicitly moving speed increases, that is no longer an issue.That being said, it's a nice game that's difficult to put down. If I had kids, I'd let them play this.Will update my review if my opinion changes before I beat the game."
76561198001880613,Not Recommended,256290,13631033,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,nimbostratus,"Though there is some fun to be had here, it felt like the story and pacing really unravelled into a mess by the end which colored the experience badly.  This game has fantastic artwork and an intersting new battle mechanic, but those things didn't make up for the negatives that grind down the experience from fun to boring.PROS:- Beautiful art- A new timing based battle mechanic with interrupt being a huge feature- Sometimes they mix up the battles to make you adapt, but it's rareCONS:- After initial excitement and discovery, it all becomes samey quickly- Too easy- even on expert I had tons of potions and crystals and only died once the whole game- The story is cute at first and then quickly becomes a mess that made me just want it just to end- very repetitive, became a slog for the 2nd half- clear best strategy once you get most of the characters that never was challenged"
76561198091890331,Not Recommended,256290,13954545,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,danielhenderson07,"The game's story doesn't really draw me in. I don't care for any of the characters or their idiosyncratic rhyming speech patterns. The art is unique, yeah, but it doesn't really add a whole lot more to the story-telling. And the battles add very little to it. I think this game would have been better as a platformer because there are other better RPGs than this."
,Not Recommended,256290,13856226,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,deadbeatsaint,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME! It forces you to install UShit DRM on your system... I went into a blind rage when I figured out the scam. Can't even play this game. Stay far away, better off just playing candy crush and installing viruses on your computer."
,Not Recommended,256290,13858389,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ZeeMox,"I'd like to review this game, but it won't start. UPlay launches, then the game ""launches"", but it's stuck in the background. Can't get it to actually open so I can play it for the life of me. Tried every combination of launch settings and compatibility modes I could think of. Since Steam doesn't really ""do"" refunds, I'd say my experience couldn't have been much worse."
76561198072823796,Not Recommended,256290,13902640,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Spetznaz,"(disclaimer: I had heard that this game was easy so I played it on the harder difficulty, this may have underlined some of the faults and influenced my opinion)The overworld and sub-quests are not bad, but I won't go into much detail, because plenty of people talk about them.My complaint is with the interruption system in combat. If a character is attacked while preparing an action, they get knocked back on the timeline. The problem is that this is a feast or famine system; you're either obliterating the enemy or caught in an unwinnable situation.In the second half of the game, there are enemy combinations who will caste haste on their entire team and slow on your team. Add to that, that there can be 3 enemies, but only 2 of you. This leads to battles where you're consistently getting knocked back or put into a situation where all you can do is block or try to heal (basically never being able to damage the enemies to give yourself a chance). Then, you try the fight again and get a bit luckier (or are better equiped) and win easily in 2-3 turns.It really feels unbalanced, and I didn't enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,256290,13979390,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,♡nispe♡send♡help♡desu♡,"Looks fun but after 10 min of trying to get the game to start because of forgetting 3rd party drm password and needing to reset it. It then began to error on login and I gave up cause it wouldnt work unless I ""reset host files"" and ""flush DNS""  (according to  Ubi-Lhainiev a forum mod)TL;DR ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft drm"
,Not Recommended,256290,14406068,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Lily | palarnia.net.pl,U♥♥♥♥♥oft ♥♥♥♥ed everyone in the♥♥♥♥♥once again. Nice move to not show list of compatible cpu's. The Last time i wasted money on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developer. Hope pirates will chop every part of this hilarious studio.
76561198005725965,Not Recommended,256290,14479441,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,scottboy81,"I bought this game blind because of reviews and it is truly the first game in over 20 years of gaming i've been unable to finish because of how repetitve and boring the ""combat""  is, combined with a disjointed meaningless plot that tries to be obscure. Also you have to install Uplay to play this ontop of having to have steam running it."
76561197962958782,Not Recommended,256290,14873338,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,MMOnster,make Uplay work....... DRM on top of DRM? RLY?
76561198055609060,Not Recommended,256290,14873595,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,sustipan,"Nice game, it has some really nice  music/graphics but the concept of dialog/fighting in the game is not my cup of tea.Ok, since I couldn't get refund I gave it a chance and played some more, it gets better and you get used to fight system and boring dialogs ( text dialogs, no sound)It has certain charm after all but it is still boring, just flying around then some fight, some more boring dialogs etc.However I can't reccomend it  since it had much more potential. This game should learn from games like Trine and if it used that system of fight and dialog , with its cute graphic it would be really nice game...But for the money I got it on Steam it is great game anyway."
76561198078828619,Not Recommended,256290,14982716,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,joonnchoi,"When I played it, the dialogue in the game was just so horribly bugged. It didn't display certain lines, and the story became a mess. I looked it up online for a fix and couldn't find any. But apparently, I am not the only one having this problem."
,Not Recommended,256290,14987166,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Oscaruzzo,"Nice graphics, nice atmosphere, nice music, but fighting is a total P.I.T.A. It's just plain BORING and it feels like it does not ""belong"" to the game. Too bad."
76561198041000098,Not Recommended,256290,15018423,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Tsumebara,"TLDR:  6 / 10I would recommend this game to people who are looking for something simple and atmospheric to fill up a weekend and don't mind installing Uplay.Details:Positive:-Great artwork / atmosphere-Interesting take on turn based combat-Challenging on expert-Variant ways to progress each character-Moderatly interesting boss fightsNegatives:-Uplay required-Story is incredibly mundane (though if you love fairy tales you probably will enjoy it)-Very short game considering its cost (9 or 10 hours if you're collecting everything)-Constant levels, every fight you have to click through level up animations-Pix can act while you are waiting to choose an action meaning you can heal almost to full outside of the game timeline (i felt like i was cheating every time i did this).-Crafting Oculi seems designed for a longer game"
,Not Recommended,256290,15039948,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,g.adim.us,If you're looking for a turn-based combat rpg then this is well worth picking up when it is on sale for under $5.  The environment is beautiful and the first couple hours of gameplay have a great story and then it feels like the writers started to get lazy or maybe there was less budget available.  After a while the combat starts to get really repetitive with no new abilities to mix things up.  It really seems like there was very little thought into balancing the skills and party members available - what ends up happening is that there are 2 characters are the end of the game which (if leveled correctly) vastly overpower the others and make combat trivial.Overall this game has about a 8 - 10 hours of non-repetitive entertainment so I'd suggest holding off purchase until your hours to $$$s ratio is at least 1:1.
,Not Recommended,256290,15160317,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Mordiethan,"Do not buy this game. As everyone else has said, it requires you to install UPlay, which ruins everything. I can't even play the game because UPlay either corrupts my save files or bugs the game to hell."
76561197988509871,Not Recommended,256290,15251791,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,poomanchu,"Visuals are great, but the story and combat did not draw me in.  I found myself totally disinterested by the start of chapter four."
,Recommended,256290,10106235,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,TripSin,"Should you buy this game?Are you conflicted in how you feel?I think so, yes. At $15 it is a steal.The art style is homey as well as awing.The music, fantastic works of art.A fine RPG with interesting platforming.And not without story,A fight of light and dark.Don’t listen to the haters.Don’t listen to those bad men.Listen to me instead.This game is a 10/10."
76561198050971665,Recommended,256290,14451987,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,GiuBoy94,Great story and fantastic music!
,Recommended,256290,13915801,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,sweettooth,Absolutely stunning.
76561198112864803,Recommended,256290,14442643,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Eris,"With it's fresh art style (akin to Stilton's ""Tale of Despereaux""... you know, the adventurous mouse novel), crisp and inspiring OST, and intriguing yet simplistic storyline, this gem of a game makes you forget you're playing something from a major name like Ubisoft. I would almost want an actually story book made, as I've found the characters and the childlike humor utilized to be very refreshing and impactful. It's a shame I waited so long (half a year collecting digital dust) after buying it to actually play it!"
,Recommended,256290,11013205,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,FernBymob,"Excellent, beautiful, awesome, genius game!!!The story is excellent, the visual are more than awesome and the battle system is just perfect! Seriously, nearly all battles were fun to play. The help you have from Igniculus + your partners, it's awesome!! I've beaten this game on PS4 and bought it on Steam so I can play the again on my PC! ! ;)I had a great time playing that game!"
,Recommended,256290,11580709,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,BleepingElf,"UPlay problems aside (sigh, when will they learn....), this is actually an excellent little unique turn-based RPG. Think old style jrpg, but with a side scroller twist. Only a couple hours in, and it's already showing signs of being quite deep with a nice skill tree setup for character progression. Story seems a bit 'childish' (with a name like that, no surprise there) but it looks to be headed in deeper territory. Visually pleasing, with lots of variety to locales and cool effects. Very nice. Also expect plenty of chuckling as the dialogue is almost entirely done in rhymes.Thumbs up."
,Recommended,256290,15570103,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Dante,Cool game with beautiful catch-in effect. Played it while not finish :) and want to story proceed
76561198002701917,Recommended,256290,15340003,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Deadlights,"It's like crime how Child of Light can rob you of your time.The combination of side-scrolling exploration, challenging turn-based tactical gameplay, amusing rhyming dialogues and a wonderful art style makes Child of Light an unusual but enjoyable gem.You'll quickly fall in love with the beatifully drawn landscapes of Lemuria as you travel through its dark forests, mountains and even under the sea. They are typically riddled with secret areas you can sniff out for treasure, puzzles or hidden bosses. Often there'll be more than one path to your destination, making exploration more interesting.During your travels, you'll meet many fun characters who'll give your quests, join you in your adventure, or both. My favourite was a female jester who couldn't do the dialogues in a proper rhyming fashion, allowing the other characters to jump in and correct her. Her healing abilities were also very welcome in a fight, making her one of my most used characters during combat.The combat is turn-based but has a real-time element that lets you delay enemies' turn or slightly heal your party out of turn. Timing this ability is important to winning encounters, as it lets you better use or avoid being the victim of the interrupt mechanic. Interrupting means hitting a character trying to perform an action, resulting in his turn being delayed. If you don't go for the easy difficulty, combat offers good and rewarding challenge that makes you invest time into considering how to specialise your characters.Each character has a network of specialisation trees, offering abilities unique to him while giving you a choice between the different paths. For example, there's a wizard who can specialise in lightning, water or fire, allowing him to excel against certain creature types vulnerable to his focused element. Another character can choose between improving his defense, his offense or his ability to direct enemy attacks against him.A problem that grows as the size of your party increases, is the frequency of level ups. Very quickly you'll be looking at one or multiple level ups after pretty much every battle as your characters gain levels and extra skill points to spend. It becomes tedious looking at the skill tree menu this often.Another part of character customisation is the Oculi system. Oculi are gems you gather and can use kind of like equipment items such as swords and armor in other games. They offer different bonuses depending on color and slot used, and can be combined to form more powerful gems. Oculi juggling gets a little cumbersome, but is nonetheless an important strategic element as you want to equip the right damage and resistance types depending on the opposition of your current area.Apart from having trouble with Steam starting the game through Uplay for some reason initially, the only bug I noticed in the actual game was that sometimes when entering combat, Aurora's (the main character) usually flowing hair wasn't drawn.If you're not playing on Easy difficulty and like to explore and look for secrets, you should expect around 20 hours of gameplay from Child of Light.TIP: While Child of Light offers controller support, I really must recommend using mouse and keyboard. You will need the precision to properly manage the real-time element of the otherwise turn-based combat.TIP: If, like me, you have trouble starting the game through Steam, try launching Uplay directly and start the game from there. After doing that, it's been working for me no problem."
76561198039975341,Recommended,256290,15662144,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Striker035,"This game is wounderfully done. The combat is really good. The music is AMAZING! The art top notch as I also am a sucker for water color art. The sound track is second to few, so I bought it on Amazon."
,Recommended,256290,15766316,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ntnf3d,This is the only game I have reviewed so far... I want these devlopers to make many more games
76561198087723047,Recommended,256290,15616421,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Sirgabbage,"This game is so wonderful! So beautiful! I would highly recommend it to anyone who wishes to play an action adventure RPG that encourages you to explode, as well as craft. You are in such a vast world and even though I've only played a few hours, I am captivated by this story. Child of Light is a surprisingly wonderful game to come from Ubisoft."
,Recommended,256290,15683384,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Raden,"If you've never cried at playing a game,this game might make you feel like it(had to try not to unleash my tears so I just went to some fps)this game may be the only game from ubisoftato that I could I accept even though I'm not really into RPG"
,Recommended,256290,15695080,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,DovahKat,Beautiful artwork and music – I would often leave the main in game menu open for some nice ambient instrumentals. Would highly recommend people immerse themselves in the game play to fully appreciate it – don’t skip the dialogue (it is pretty much poetry) and take time to explore the world and appreciate the scenery. Maybe even capture a couple of screenshots for some nifty desktop backgrounds?
76561198031322971,Recommended,256290,15349632,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Kong,"Sound, Graphic, and Story are impressive.The gameplay is very easy but I would say this easy gameplay let you enjoy the most awesome story without interrupt"
76561198197730470,Recommended,256290,16624626,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OLHearts,"It's a short and beautiful RPG. Watercolor style really pretty and the characters are pretty unique in terms of design. Nothing too difficult, just an enjoyable title overall. Get it if you want an RPG that has enough customisation yet not too long to sap your life away as it's only really about 8 hours long and nothing you do can really mess your game up."
76561198141975933,Recommended,256290,16665745,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Spaghetti Kid,"An amazing game. The soundtrack and artwork are perfect and the characters are great too! Definitely recommend, especially considering the low price. It's short, but worth it."
,Recommended,256290,16690411,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Peler Ayam,Well its really an amazing art and also the gameplay is unique ! I LOVE IT !!!
,Recommended,256290,16178635,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Lorthan,"Very beautiful game in many aspects. Won't lie telling you it is a very complex and mature plot, it certainly isn't. But altogether with the ambience the game gives you, music, hand-drawn environment and everything makes the plot look cute.If you don't want your children playing Diablo and such, it might be the best game there is for them.Also great for non-gamer girlfriends, they find cute and want to watch."
,Recommended,256290,16753427,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,MSardi,"Such a beautiful game!!!Great artwork, soundtrack, story and gameplay!! It'll recall you those RPG's from the late videogame era, while gives you a good new scent of the universe where poetry becomes real and... it's just magical and sublime (no homo).11/10 this, sir, is a must play!!!!!"
,Recommended,256290,18327745,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,shaelyn,"The art style, the character movement, the battle system (which can be as complicated or simple as you want to make it), the music are all fantastic.  I do wish they had given some side characters more development from the get-go.  (meet Aurora's sister: ""oh sister, how's things back home?""  ""they're heartbroken.""  ""oh, okay.  well, join me!""  ...wait, who the hell is this girl again, and why am I not seeing more out of their relationship than that?)  and the side-character controllable by the mouse is a bit out of place - he just doesn't flow like the rest of the game, and it's a bit jarring.  but it's definitely been enjoyable so far.Uplay is frustrating, though...I wish I could just disable it.  it's just extra steps and extra notifications I don't care about.  I don't need perks for playing your games Ubi, just let me enjoy the experience."
,Recommended,256290,18228722,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,THE KRAKEN,"Talk about a beautiful and engaging game. Child of Light is an RPG from Ubisoft Montreal. Let’s get rocking.The GoodFirstly, the thing that struck me the most about this game is the art. The artwork is beautiful in every sense of the word. It has a distinctive, watercolor style and it works splendidly with the premise of the game. You’ll really feel like you’re playing through a storybook and it is a wonderful experience.The story of the game is pretty good and it is filled with interesting characters (and enemies). The game world itself is a great canvas on which the story is able to unfold. It’s imaginative, original, and refreshing.There’s a good variety of enemy types for you to take on during the course of the game. There’s more than enough to keep you interested in combat.The combat system itself is very old school. It’s set on a timer, and you’ll need to time your character’s attacks if you don’t want to get interrupted and have to take a penalty on your timer.The BadAs far as RPGs go, I typically go in expecting to have at least a good handful of items to equip my character/party with. While CoL does have some items, it is quite lacking on the changeable weapons front.The MehEven if you get this one through Steam, you’ll be having to play it through Uplay.Verdict: YeaChild of Light is a solid RPG and a worthwhile addition to any collection (and that is just for the artwork alone). You can find it in the Steam Store and with the Halloween Sale (most likely) just around the corner, you should keep an eye out for this one. As always, thanks for reading."
76561198000507268,Recommended,256290,18278571,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,NX Valiant,"This game will melt your heart. It has been some time since I had last been emotionally touched by a game. But the princess is just so cute, especially when she is weighed down by her large sword after holding it up for a victory. Awww!! The dialogues are often cute and funny, I also didn't think the riming got tiresome, but maybe that's because I'm not a native speaker. The soundtrack is great and wonderfully adds to the atmosphere.The story is a bit in between. It's very nicely presented with the dialogues and all, but there is little meat on the bone if you look at it more closely. Still, the game is not very long, so no big drawback.At some point the battles will become a bit drawn out and you'll find yourself battling just for the XP and maybe some oculi loot. That's a shame, considering you'll spend so much time battling. Personally, considering the style of the game, I would have preferred spending more time exploring the world."
,Recommended,256290,10901506,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,anyasy,"The story was not the greatest, but this is one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. It's like playing a watercolour. Just for that, I recommend it 10/10"
,Recommended,256290,18301198,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,strix,"I love this game, it's one of the best games I've played in a really long time. This is also my first time writing a review on steam. I beat this game a few times on steam and even went out and bought it for my ps vita cause I loved it so much. It has a great storyline to it, and the music is amazin as well. Has a group of characters you use like any rpg, but you find them throughout the game. Beautiful graphics as well, it's just an all around fun and amazing game. Although I believe they took out some content before they relased the game, I noticed Aurora had a fireball or meteor strike spell, you can see her use it int he video. But She has no such spell in the actual game, bummer. I think they did that cause since she is the ""Child of Light"" They only wanted to give her Light spells. But yes I would recommend this game to anyone."
76561197963006841,Recommended,256290,18374537,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Sir Buffton,Right in the feels.
76561198094952787,Recommended,256290,16575842,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,OhNoMegan,"This is a beautiful game! The visual design and soundtrack are absolutely gorgeous. In terms of plot, it was pretty typical fairy tale-esque fare-- nothing to write home about, but certainly not bad! The combat got a little stale after a while, but for a side-scrolling rpg that's pretty common imo. All in all, the gameplay was nothing revolutionary but it wasn't bad either, and the whole game is so darn pretty I can't help but love it."
,Recommended,256290,17382292,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,kapeL,"A must have for the most die-hard rpg fans to the casual ones. Good game with a nice story, great visuals and soundtrack. It doesn't have much depth and battle mechanics are only enjoyable in expert difficult, other than that, a great game to get on a sale. The only downsize of it is that it requires a 3rd party software (Uplay). Recomended :)"
76561198044231330,Recommended,256290,18470008,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,True,"An amazing, magical journey that I'll never forget.10/10"
,Recommended,256290,18537574,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,NomBunny69,"I really love the the game. The quality of the game is great on my computer. It relaxes me and gives me entertainment at the same time. Plus, the plot of the game is wonderful, keep you wondering and thinking about different ideas of what can happen next."
,Recommended,256290,18430059,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Snazzles,"I'm in the middle of playing this game and its pretty solid. Would recommend if you like rpgs and original stories. Would not recommend if you have a slow computer like I do, frame rate killer."
,Recommended,256290,15608868,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,ADD ME FOR GWENT,"First and foremost, WOW. I was rather skeptical when I got this game, not sure if I will enjoy a turn-based RPG as I normally play action/ FPS. But since this game had Overwhelmingly Positive reviews, and the fact that I could get it cheap, I decided to give it a try.I was pretty thorough with my play-through and clocked a total of 13.7 hours. And the thing is, I enjoyed every moment of it. I didn't complete it in one sitting (obviously) but I think it was three. I kept playing on and on and I think part of the reason was the battles. As mentioned, it is turn-based RPG with a focus on a timeline (some mentioned that the Final Fantasy series use this mechanic, but I'm new to it). There is no guarantee that you can even cast your spell, and sometimes you even lose the fight having done completely no action. There is some strategy involved and fights can be frustrating especially in Hard mode. It was new for me and I really liked it.Apart from the battle system, there is also the crafting system worth mentioning. You collect these sorta gems from chests or from battle drops and you can combine them to form more refined versions or hybrid versions. For example, ruby + sapphire + emerald = diamond ; and 3 x ruby = bigger ruby. Equipping these gems in different slots give different stats that can help you in the battle.The story is fine, nothing spectacular/ mind-blowing like in Bioshock Infinite, but it flows smoothly just like a Disney classic. The artwork is really well done too.I really enjoyed this game, and I look forward to upcoming games of this genre.10/10"
,Recommended,256290,11055704,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Sto0p1dM0nk3y,Such a beautiful game with a rich story. I truly recommend. Great game imho
76561198067081666,Recommended,256290,10911299,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sonne,"CoL is artistically gorgeous, charming, and innocent. I was happily surprised, and wish I had this when I was a kid."
,Recommended,256290,10636446,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DeliciousPineapple,"Beautiful art, music, and the story is so surprisingly deep and interesting.  I would recommend this to anyone who loves a good RPG and enjoys beautiful indie games."
,Recommended,256290,13965164,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Valcrim,"Child of light is a beautifully displayed game. It's watercolor scenery and characters put you in the right setting to travel around it's world, battle its monsters and over all explore it's hidden secrets. The battle sequence allow for turn base to become a real challenge if you haven't already set yourself up with different powers to vanquish your enemies. It allows you to think before you act.Over all, the story is enchanting, the visuals are stunning and the adventure is inviting.I recommend this game - absolutely."
,Recommended,256290,13933966,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,E5150_Julian,"Loving the art, music, poetry and tone. It's like a dark toned fairytale game"
,Recommended,256290,10204253,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,ちはやふる✦ ✧,"Such a beautifully rendered game world, with luscious vibrant backgrounds, character models, and nicely composed music. The world of Lemuria is amazingly crafted! Should buy."
,Recommended,256290,10009225,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,PewPewKitty~♡,"Words can't describe its beauty. It's a simple game, for the most part, but that just makes it that much more enjoyable... and I typically love more complex things."
,Recommended,256290,15189149,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,mintmodify,"Fall in love with Aurora...Fall in love this game...Child of Light present in stunning beautiful graphic in 2D painting style, All arts feeling like child book. Telling story in poem.Good thingGame play in JRPG style with speed bar, waiting for action, element effect, ability point for unlock skill. but not complicated. Very easy to play. Game system was simplify for easy to play. You can play continuously.Movement of character was beautiful and have a lot of detail, is not too much but enough for represent character.Soundtrack and BGM is was great. All melody have touching of fantasy.Bad thingYeah, first things same with all bad comment is Uplay system.Few character to play at once, You can set only 2 character on battlefield, although you can switch your character all the time but is not enough.Overy all9/10 for Beautiful graphic, Sound, Gameplay, and Story. For this game you can play it and relaxed, bright and nice.This game not for hardcore gamer, no violence, no blood.Very good for child, and beginner of JRPG."
,Recommended,256290,19381509,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Moses,"I heard a few horror stories about running this game, let alone starting it up. But I guess Uplay showed me some mercy (not that I really care for Uplay anyway) and allowed me to play the game. And for what I have seen so far, (which isn't much) I love it. its that peaceful game with intense action sequences that I've always wanted (I've so far only found 3 games that fit into that category, namely Dust: an Elysian Tail, Shadow of the Colossus and now, this game). It's a very light hearted adventure with amusing characters, and some banter between our two main heroes. Also what an appropriate time to buy this as it does give off a very soothing autumn-esque feel. But I'm not gonna lie some of the enemies are just outright daunting. I was pretty startled when one of them screamed and leaped at me when I least expected it.Lets talk about the visuals for a second because this game is gorgeous. The animation is baby skin smooth and  heavily sprite based, as in some enemies have each limb seperatly animated but lets not get too off track here. The fact that this game was and RPG kinda turned me off on it and yeah it's simple. But DAMN does it get intense. also battles are a bit interactive which gives them a bit of flare (literally) and keeps you from getting disinterested.Its not fully voice acted which I find a bit of a shame because I like to voice my characters as I play my RPG's. And I ain't no little girl, I'm a man... teenager... male.But with that My final verdict so far is9.5 out of 10With my ownly gripe being that its not fully voice acted but since I'm not even close to being half-way through the game,  that might changethe 9.5 is also for the poor souls who can't play this this beautiful game without bad framerate or even start it up because of UplayAnd that hair... Too much hair...-Time for an update-After completing the game I was a bit shocked as people weren't kidding. The game is SHORT. And I'm fine with that, but it seemed a bit TOO short for an RPG. This will affect my final grade for it though, but not by much. There were some nice twists, but nearing the end the story began to seem a bit rushed and I would have liked a *SPOILERS PROBABLY* bit more build up to the epic final boss of the game. Maybe one little mini-dungeon to go through to prepare a little more. (not that I was underprepared or anything) But it just all happended so fast and it killed a bit of the climactic feeling. But I still don't regret my purchase because my grade has only changed to:9.0 outta 10 - Would play again."
,Recommended,256290,16964436,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,NyanMatt,"The gameplay and the story are just fantastic, this is easily one of my favourite games.The art and the animation seem to really make the game uniquq and beautiful 10/10 for me on this one! :D"
,Recommended,256290,17055560,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,The Oracle,"-You're forced to use UPLAY.-You're forced to use the language (text and audio) of your country. Yeah, you can't change the language!?-For my country, the voice acting is very poor (in emotion and in sound quality).-No steam achievements.+Good game in terms of art. Good music. And that's all."
,Recommended,256290,10642098,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Becks1710,The game was a lot of fun. The artwork is amazing.
76561198177862735,Recommended,256290,25500740,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,GrumpyNika,"An excellent game with an outstanding hand-painted watercolor graphics, brilliant music and a fantastic plot... It involved me into one of those fairy-tales which I adored in my childhood.The dialogs have rhyming structure and sometimes I even started to speak in rhyme under the influence of the game (so, many thanks to the authors and translators who created a wonderful atmosphere of a fabulous world of Lemuria).Fighting with enemies, plenty of challenges didn't make me bored.Well, it's definitely one of the best games I've ever played. I enjoyed the game from the very beginning to a triumphant conclusion.Child of Light is a remarkable adventure which deserves your attention and time."
,Recommended,256290,16860693,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,靜,"Despite the odd yet eccentric dialogue, the storyline, graphics andespeciallythe soundtrack all compose a beautifully crafted game.It's a moderately short RPG game with influences from JRPGs such as Final Fantasy and Chrono Trigger, with very artistic graphics inspired by Hayao Miyazaki and John Bauer.Any negative issues I had with the game was only the fact that I felt it could've had a longer storyline - but in that regard it's short and sweet; that also means I had no problems with Uplay.At times I felt like I had exhausted the gameplay, however it would be quickly proceeded by novel experiences that kept me reaching for more from the game.Overall, all hours spent on the game were pleasant and it is definitely worth picking up - particularly when on sale. If I had to give it a rating out of 10 I would say8.9; but this is pretty subjective of course.. Replayability factor is quite low."
76561197998049056,Not Recommended,256290,21066856,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Northumberlo,"This game looks like it would be really fun to play, but I can't because Uplay wont work or connect to their servers.For that reason I can't recomend this game(or any future game) that requires Uplay."
,Recommended,256290,23891921,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mindslash - the Belmont,"If you already played Grandia I or II, you will find this game pretty familiar. It's like Grandia in 2d perspective!The Good:- Great animation- Great Music and Sound Effects- Good History- Mechanics similar to Grandia ( Although Grandia is better in this aspect)- Decent ammount of customizationThe Bad:- The need to install Uplay and update manually directly from website in order to run the game. However, once making an account on uplay, you can remove all options of uplay overlay.- Character walks a bit slow but later you can move faster.- DLC's are not big deal. It just give to you freebies that you can acquire on game. The only ones that are worthy: Golem pack , Dark Aurora and Light Aurora, due to additional character and skins.- The game did ran slow to me. I've needed to do some steps in order to fix:*  Needed to put on Full screen*  Auto-hide the desktop bar*  Used Razer Cortex to increase the speedAfter this it worked like charm and I've got 66-90 fps which is great!Overall, I recommend to get this game and don't be  afraid because of the other DRM."
76561198047557650,Recommended,256290,24657858,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,(_),"A really good experience, we become attached to the characters and we want more ! and really good OST !"
,Recommended,256290,23868960,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Princess Gigglesnort,"I absolutley loved this game!It was a quick play (about 25 total), but I enjoyed the pace and the aesthetic was very welcome and refreshing.I don't have time for long winded rpgs, but this was just short and sweet enough to be able to enjoy.The only thing it fell short in at times was the rhyming in all the dialouge. It was cute and added to the fairy tale atmosphere, but it felt a little forced sometimes."
76561198126766385,Recommended,256290,24277272,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Miyu,"I bought this game because of the beautiful graphics I saw in trailer and it never let me down. Beautiful graphics, good music and interesting storyline. I wished though there would be more side quests to do as it would make it even more interesting. The engaging the monster part could have been better as sometimes it was way too easy to skip most of them as long as they did not hit you.In short I recommend this game to anyone as it is beautiful experience to enjoy. :)"
76561198312125467,Recommended,256290,23930007,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,pdraon,Great game.
76561198136668081,Recommended,256290,24114786,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Paulboron,Great game and art style.
,Recommended,256290,24098152,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Phil,"For one you are a dead underage princess all alone in a place of darkness. However, you get to fly, you meet weird people along the way that help you and you have superpowers. The game was beautifully designed, the artwork is exquisite. Sad thing it is short, I mean, I explored every inch of it and tryed to kill every single thing on the way and was able to finish it in 15 hours. I am starting it all over again. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,256290,15615474,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,T4l0n,"Outstanding presentiation and music, and that's all.The skill system is simply bad, you can choose between 3 branches per character but they differentiate for 3 or 4 different upgrades to spell you already start with. The gameplay wants to be different with the introduction of a fairy that will slow enemies or heal your characters as long as it has energy that will deplete using it. There's a little bit of depth in the fact that you need to exploit weaknesses to win fight, and there's a vast array of buffs and debuffs, but you can only use 2 characters and they have 2/3 spells each ... so yeah ...I also found disappointing how they fit the amazing world art into a generic 2d sidescroller.I tried to like this game but i really couldn't. You may like it if you are new to turn based rpg."
76561198067810378,Not Recommended,256290,15802260,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Veri Fast,"This game... Well it has some pretty art and sometimes very demonstrative narrtive, which ends up inspiring at times. Characters are quite interesting and the gameplay sure is fun. If you add up more than just ""good"" musical score to it, it would seem like a fantastic game, but sadly it falls short. The story is nonexistent. It simply is not even there. There are elements to it, but the whole advanture seems like it would orchestrate a glorious finale and what do you get? NOTHING. If you want a short game with pretty presentation but ruptured narrative grab it. Otherwise, I'd recommend to buy it when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,256290,15958762,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Ignorance,"Really nice looking, kind of vague on what you do or how to play the combat. Plus needing to run a separate interface on top of steam is really annoying."
76561197988963340,Not Recommended,256290,15964810,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Swagledore,"Pretty game, but graphics is not all. Sorry I found it boring"
,Not Recommended,256290,16685716,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,alfordski,"This game would be a good RPG if the combat system didn't make me so cross-eyed. Decent exploration makes the overworld fun, and the art style is beautiful. I just can't get past the controls...so I didn't get very far. Nice attempt though."
76561198063448067,Not Recommended,256290,16750501,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Satinav,"It was fun in beggining. But I can't finish now. kinda boring. I usually only give good thumbs for games that I finish. This game was fun until it lasted (rat city.) , but did not last until the end. Battle could be at least 3x3 not 2x3. Bah so annoying keep changing characters."
,Recommended,256290,19634674,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Agent_Lemon,"Child of Light has smooth, streamlined gameplay, a strong storyline with room for thinking about the story beyond the constraints of the game. The ""Confessions"" are beautifully if confusingly written, but leave a lot of room for the expansion of the game universe. This is definitely one of my favorite games of all time. The system is open ended enough to cater to different play styles, and the story is very light hearted and refreshing. The game was twice as long as I was expecting it to be, since I only payed a couple of dollars for this during a sale. My only qualm is very minor. The game is extremely combat oriented. There were some puzzles throughout the game, but it wouldn't have hurt to have a few more.Story line 10/10, Gameplay 9/10, Aesthetics 10/10."
76561198126968441,Recommended,256290,13821181,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,hillary.jane,"Beautiful! Loved it! Just what I'm looking for in a game! The perfect length, too."
,Recommended,256290,19706394,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Nayo,Fantastic art and good story.
76561198002622410,Recommended,256290,19789748,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Der Toba,"15 Hours pure magic! Adorable soundtrack, grafics, characters and poetry. Thx for that!"
76561197981610992,Recommended,256290,19950986,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Sa-teve,"great artwork, great music, and fun gameplay"
76561198086797183,Recommended,256290,16344861,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Bread Knife,"If you are impatient, then this game is not for you.  This game is not exciting.  This game is about taking it slow, absorbing the artistic elements as you fly through forests, clouds, waterfalls and caves: the beautiful soundtrack, the hand-painted visuals, and a story reminiscent of the fairy tale books you read as a child.  The characters are all quite charming.  The game play also has something new to offer with the addition of your mouse cursor as your faithful firfely companion.For the negative, number one would be Uplay (constant updates and technical issues).  Also, the difficulty is not good.  Casual mode is beyond casual, don't even try.  Expert mode is alright for a first playthrough, but when you become more familiar with the game it is not really challenging either.  I think there's a big issue with character balancing too, especially with incredibly OP skills such as freezing the boss and its minions for several seconds."
,Recommended,256290,23913362,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DancingBlades,"It's amazing. I haven't encountered any issues with UPLAY either, so you have to get it, and it's well worth your money. Amazing story, amazing art style, interesting fight style, interesting character dynamics, really everything you could want."
,Recommended,256290,16406523,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mara Jadewind,"Amazingly beautiful game.Lost of words how to describe em,Enjoy every moments spend in Child of Light.Get one in your library today."
76561198044989881,Recommended,256290,13696419,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Santoshka,"The most prominent thing about Child of Light is the art style. It is beautiful and unique. The dialogue fits well with the atmosphere and art style, but some people would get annoyed by the rhyming. I played it with a friend and voice acted out the dialogue which helped the playfulness of the game.The soundtrack was excellent and I recommend listening to it even if you haven't played the game. The gameplay was a standard turn based rpg, but the number of party member in combat was only two, so you needed to optimize frequently. The inventory/crafting system was basic and intuitive.The world's uniqueness makes up for a standard story, and the characters have good personality. There are also hidden little messages that help out the worldbuilding without monologuing. There are sidequests, but they're not necessary to complete, they just provide rewards and can easily be looked up online to see if they're worth your time.Overall it was a positive game that I would recommend to anyone of any age to prove that a game doesn't have to be action driven to be good."
76561198258893451,Recommended,256290,23965270,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Plebeian,"I absolutely loved this game! The art style is beautiful, and the dailogue is funny. Overall I would reccommend this to my friends who really appreciate the story in a game. Although, if you're into first person shooters this might not be the game for you. Don't let that deter you! It's a nice challenging game with quirky characters that I had a ton of fun playing."
,Recommended,256290,22788510,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Huckleberry,"Anita sarkesian where are youuuuuuu?Great game, and im a manly♥♥♥♥♥♥swinging man.Looks great and lots of detail.Somehow has visual appeal without breasts, anita."
76561198044146141,Recommended,256290,22821876,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Glademancer,"Remember when you were younger? Your parents would tell you bedtime stories about magic, heroes, and princesses in a land far away. That fantasy was real and made you want to be the best you could be. This game requires you to tap into your inner child when impossibility was only improbability. The entire game is like bedtime story with magic adventures, epic battles, and music always remind you to view it not as reality, but as you wish things could've been from your childhood. Every line of dialogue makes you pulled in by its innocence. If you can find your childhood innocence this is the game for you.10/10"
76561197998146268,Recommended,256290,20835605,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,BigDave,"So I finally got this game working... As everyone has said below, dealing with the uplay is a nightmare.  Here's what worked for me:1.) go into steam and retrieve the product key - don't install game2.) shutdown steam completely3.) go touplay.ubi.comand download the uplay client from their website.4.) install the uplay client you downloaded5.) let it do it's updates6.) go to activate product and enter the key you copied from steam7.) once it shows up in the uplay library relaunch steam8.) install game from steam9.) run from steamI'm clicking yes for recommend, the game is great so far and it shouldn't suffer just because of the software it got packaged with."
76561198157595435,Recommended,256290,18364634,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Pill,"Okay, so after stuggling through the settling up of Uplay the game finally work, and yea, the game itself is good enough for recommendation to be honest :p, just got a little bit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by dat initiating stuff or whatsoever. Anyway, thanks a lot, himmatsj :-)Here goes the original review:I've heard of Child Of Light when it first released and I love dat fancy stories and artworks the game provides, so I didn't hesitate to buy this on the sale this weekend. Then I get to know this Uplay, spent half a day dealing with it and fail to play the game at last. Thought about requesting a refund but have no idea if the DLCs are refondable, so I ended up writing this review here.I guess I'll go for a pirate version of this game to have fun, how pathetic."
76561197973190669,Recommended,256290,20479795,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Ali,"get ready for an extraordinary bedtime story that will leave you with a fuzzy warm feeling, a feeling that is normally generated when watching a Ghibli film."
,Recommended,256290,13817421,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Commissar Lafayette,"Child of Light is an absolutely stunning game. From the artwork to the soundtrack, even the writing and dialogue reflect a dignified poise and elegance so uncommon and rare.A hearty 10/10"
76561198041615014,Recommended,256290,20880819,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Imyra,"O que dizer sobre esse jogo? Só sei sentir! Jogo maravilhoso!O jogo, além de ter uma mecânica de lutas muito boa é extremamente atmosférico: da trilha sonora, para o desenho dos personagens/lugares. Você se sente no meio de um conto de fadas. As batalhas são muito épicas e vc se sente muito bem quando consegue derrotar um ""boss""Recomendo para todos que gostam de um RPG e uma boa história."
76561198020224616,Recommended,256290,10915241,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,FUCKING AMERICANS,Its a very beautiful game!
,Recommended,256290,22088047,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Asparagus,"Good Start, Refreshing Game Play, Nice Art... Nice story foundation, nice build up, ended ubruptly though... Probably needs more DLCs for extended quests and storyline... I enjoyed it but it needs more... story... knowing Ubisoft, you will have to go and do some research on the story..."
76561198157260976,Not Recommended,256290,13675562,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Team Liquid,[ + ] Interesting art style. Heavy polish. Great music.[  -  ] Lack of replay value[  -  ] Uplay
76561198008710158,Recommended,256290,22046588,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Nostrovelle,"I picked this up today in the sale and so have barely even started, but I feel compelled to write a review anyway. If you haven't played it, I STRONGLY recommend that you do so. I'm only about an hour into it (up to just beyond the first boss) and I'm already spellbound. It's like a fairytale/Disney movie. The video sequences are all told via beautiful stained-glass scenes (remember the intro to Beauty And The Beast, or Sleeping Beauty? That.) The dialogue is often in rhyming couplets, which lends to the fairytale charm of the game. And don't get me started on the hand-drawn backgrounds or the music. Oh my God, the music. Outside of the Final Fantasy series, this is fast becoming my favourite soundtrack. Speaking of Final Fantasy, the combat is very similar in the sense that it is turn-based, dependant on speed - which I adore. I love the idea of the plot (the sun, moon and stars have been stolen and it's up to you to recover them - fantasy plots are my favourites.) Outside of combat, the game is played via side-scrolling environments. Everything just looks FANTASTIC. It lends further belief to the ""games are art"" ideology.I got this for just under £3. If you can get it that cheap for yourself, it's a no-brainer. If I'd known it was this great I would have got it a lot sooner, and happily paid the full price."
,Recommended,256290,13702361,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Paradox314,This was a very enjoyable experience. The art style and music were top notch. The turn based combat mechanics are decent without becomeing overly complicated. With several new companions joining your party throughout the game there are constantly new strategies to try out.The game is in the 10-20 hour range which in my opion is perfect. If you don't have a ton of time to play long winded RPGs I would highly recommend this game to get your fix.
,Recommended,256290,22053188,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ＲＯＧＥＬＬ | 肉鸽路,Rayman with RPG battles.Impeccable landscapes and characters along with an easy gameplay.UbiArt needs to do more games like this one for Ubisoft.9/10
76561198052751835,Recommended,256290,22053371,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,tenricsilverhood,Sidescroller RPG with a fun combat system. Rare gem.
,Recommended,256290,22476077,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Drakhanas,"A land missing its lost Queen. A lost girl missing her Mother. The Queen of the Night who has lost her way. Help Aurora on her quest to restore balance to Lemuria.I wasn't expecting much when I purhcased this game. It was recommended by a friend and I picked it up fairly cheaply. Once I began playing I understood why it was recommended to me - Ilovefairy tales and fables. The game tells its story entirely in rhyme, or at least near rhyme in the case of one character who can't quite grasp the concept.It might be an odd thing to bring up first but I assure you that the dialogue in game is an integral part as it draws you in and immerses you in the birghtly colored pastel and watercolor world of Lemuria. The combat is also quite well done, with a bit of an extra twist that you'll soon find almost second nature."
76561198015952191,Recommended,256290,11310702,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Leidiriv,"Written fully in verse and script,this game not once has gone and slipped.Through forests dark and fields fair,truly, I was amazed by Aurora's hair.Your quest, to restore the sun, stars, and moon.Somewhat average, not really a boon.Two difficulties that you'll have seen,Intrinsically opposed, you will glean.but truly, let there be no doubt,Child of Light should not be taken outof consideration because of Uplay,for, how many games would you not go play,if it were for something as simple as DRM?The mechanics, truly a fine ebb and flow,you must block and haste and stop and slow.You must heal and cast and hack and slash,for the battles are too complex for the button mash.Throuh oculi, your stats will thus increase,indeed, you must combine them to gain a releasefrom battles too strong for mere brute force,of which there are many, but no single courseis the be all-end all stratagem,which of course, is why I recommend this little gem.10/10"
,Recommended,256290,21669637,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sarzy,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2CwejX98Os&index=17&list=PLp47VywvC3bE-bHp7tLvAk6CHnaTV9_leToo long; didn't watch -- Though the platforming elements are kind of thin and the threadbare story is never as involving as it's trying to be, Child of Light has a really great art style and a memorable combat system that keeps it compelling throughout."
,Recommended,256290,16509247,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,panda-ren,"This is a gorgeous game. I love its painterly art style, its poetic story, and its music. The battle mechanics are easy to pick up and there are different combinations to make. The banter/conversations between the various characters are amazing, ranging from humor to sad stuff."
,Recommended,256290,21158685,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Drack Attack,"For those of you who are having issues connecting to uplay, try downloading from actual sitehttps://uplay.ubi.com/#!/en-US/And then download the cilent from there. The uplay cilent steam gives you is out dated. It updates the uplay cilent and allows you to connect to servers, then copy/paste the steam code there and link uplay to steam and you can play Child of Light through steam, but uplay has to be running in the background."
,Recommended,256290,21312265,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Nintendeaux,"Having previously played this on Wii U, I decided to buy this on sale and see what the PC version offered.For the record: I do not hate uPlay. If you are an uPlay hater... well, hate away, you will not find that here. However, you will be unable to play the game if an uPlay update is available. And since my internet stinks, waiting for an update that takes about 27 minutes to complete is a pain. At least on the Wii U I can click, ""Start Software"" while an update is downloading. No such luck on this, so if you have slow internet, be weary. The updates are far and few between, but they are there.Child of Light is a turn-based RPG. It's fun. It's engrossing. It's gorgeous. And the music is just amazing throughout. I will focus the bulk of this review on the turn-based element as it is essential to playing the game and completing all tasks ahead of you.Yes, you have a main quest, but along the way, you find that your friends have problems of their own and you will need to venture off and solve their problems, too. Do not worry, the story does not usually stray from stronger monsters, so you are usually well-matched.You control two characters at a time, which is a little few considering most people enjoy the four-player turn-based times of old. Do not be discouraged, as you can swap on the fly both characters, as long as it is their turn. So if you are low on health or lack the protection from the element your current enemy dishes out, you are able to switch to another character and start anew on that turn.NOTE: If you are in the 'wait-window' (where you are about to act out your play decision for that character), your new swap-in will go back to the beginning of that wait line (not the beginning of the turn) and depending on their overall speed, perhaps a little further back from the line. You won't necessarily lose a lot of time for that turn, but you will not come in mid-stroke and deliver a promising blow. If an enemy is between the wait line and where your previous character sat, it will go before your new arrival takes action.Your characters do not equip armor or anything, this is supplemented by Oculi, small gems. These can be combined three at a time to make a stronger version of itself. You equip one on your weapon, your clothing or your timeline. On your weapon you can gain elemental damage, the higher version the gem, the more percentage the damage and sometimes a combat action effect like paralysis. Same for your clothing, however, it is for elemental protection and defense effects like +EXP bonus or a +ALL Element protection or physical/magical defense across the board. The timeline connection brings to fruition +Evasion while casting, +Interruption of enemy in Wait status, +Stats, +Casting Speed and a good one, dtarting on the timeline further out than normal.These oculi are few in the first six chapters, so you will bounce between three or four main characters at first, until you can get more in the end-game for flexing your strategy. Do not let this discourage you though, between every battle you can switch the oculi to whomever you want and the process is a speedy one. And uPlay even lets you buy more through their reward process if you want to spend some uPlay credits (although I did not take this route, and probably will not).If you try to stick to the same two characters, you will find it far more difficult to proceed after Chapter 6. Up until then you will be okay and will be able to mix and match and learn each characters strengths and weaknesses. Each character is diverse. You will not find any two alike but in a way or three. Take Aurora for instance, she can heal, but she cannot revive like Rubella. Aurora has Starlight, effective against Dark, but only Finn has elemental damage against the other elements. Unless of course you use oculi on another characters weapon, but even then the damage will be far less than Finn's magical prowess.It's good stuff. This game shines in the dark. I thoroughly enjoyed it on both Wii U and here on PC.Now all that aside, you will still find fun collecting the stardust (permanent stat increase), potions, oculi and confessions (notes to bring light to some lore) scattered across the land. But be prepared to fight. To get everything this game has to offer, you will need to master the combat mechanic and lay waste to many an enemy. It is a good thing all characters level-up together so you will not have to gather clean-up experience later because you will be able to switch your characters and oculi throughout and build a strategy worthy of your name."
,Recommended,256290,21350187,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Deckard[HZ],"It's a solid RPG with nice storybook-esque graphics and an interesting turn-based combat mechanic. But good lord, the rhyming, make it stop. EVERY line of dialogue is made to rhyme, in many cases taking great lengths to awkwardly word things to match the sounds. It's a shame really, I get that it's going for a storybook style, but to rhyme EVERYTHING just gets really annoying fast, and I find myself going through dialogue as quickly as possible because of it. Aside from that and having to use *shudder* uplay, it's a fun and enjoyable game."
76561198067469524,Recommended,256290,21087683,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,dreadedTabby,"I loved this game soo much on PS3 that i had to purchase it for the computer as well. Gorgeous backdrops, whimsical music and even more engaging npcs and gameplay. I LOVE THIS GAME...Only thing that sucks about it is UPLAY. I was able to bypass it on the PS3 but i havent found a way to do so on here. I just bought the game and UPLAY refuses to work for my ability to authenticate the game on their system. I wonder how long it is going to take for them to fix this issue...I always heard about the issues people had with this client..but now i had to unfortunately experience it first hand.If you want to take a chance on a great game, dont buy it here. Buy it for ps3. Atleast it will work properly.Overall, i love this game..but UPLAY can suck it.Update: I had to go to a site named File Horse and download an older version of Uplay in order for both to work. I was soo happy to finally be able to play this game on my computer. I hope this comment helps others as it did me."
,Recommended,256290,16356505,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Evol,"A story of a strong independent Lumurian woman who don't need no man!Beautiful soundtrack that almost made me cry. The feels are strong on this one. The downside is that you must have/create a Uplay account in order to access this game, which seems kind of pointless to me, just an extra log in to deal with."
,Recommended,256290,16715924,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,missafterspace,"Child of Light is a great game, full of rich story, cute characters and absolutely stunning graphics. Aurora is an adorable protagonist, and the way she discovers her merry band of travellers feels very natural. I quite like the rhyming dialogue as well, especially when the writers decide to have fun with it within the story.I cannot stress enough how beautiful the art is - if you love being inspired by the way a game marries art and functionality, then you'll enjoy Child of Light just as much as I did. The combat is similar to a lot of like-minded games, but not in a bad way - the plethora of different abilities your characters can use and upgrade is fun to explore.(As an aside, I've seen a lot of people complain about the UPlay platform but so far I haven't had a single problem - not to say that people reading this review shouldn't pay attention to the issues others have had with it, as it could very well depend on the computer running it.)All in all, I don't think I have a bad thing to say about the game! Anything I could say would be nit-picking.My recommendation? If you like pretty games and a cute story, go play it!"
,Recommended,256290,15863330,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,GeneralPing,Short but great8/10
76561198096083257,Recommended,256290,20468911,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,poppies,game ini punya art yang keren! water brush XD story nya pendek sih! tapi asik aja!
76561198024061865,Recommended,256290,20495709,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,OldAcct.,"Child of Light was a game I purchased early 2015 and just sat in my Steam library until a few days ago.  I am proud to say that I've finally come around to playing and finishing the game, and it was worth the time spent.--Pros--Art style: Simply beautiful! Watercolors and hard shading mixed perfectly. If you like playing really eye pleasing games, this is up your alley. It's art style will keep it a relevant game in the future, like other stylized games.Music: Not a lot of music in the game but what is there is good.  All fighting music got me pumped for the next encounter.Gameplay: A RPG with an action timeline you can influence by slowing enemies from attacking or interrupt altogether.Made me think of other RPGs like Super Mario RPG and South Park Stick of Truth.--Cons--Story Script: This game is meant to be presented like a fairy tale.  As such, the story is presented in ryhme.  At times, it can get very annoying... The story itself is very easy to get into. Just the rhyming gets old.Side Quests: All RPGs have side quests.  I didn't complete every side quest in game but didn't feel like the reward was compelling enough to.---Overall, I'm glad I finally took the time to play Child of Light.  I don't feel compelled to play it again now that I've finished it but it was a fun one-time play through.Onto the next game!"
,Recommended,256290,20572340,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Maoam,"Child of Light is amasterpiece.The art went hand in hand with the music to create a smooth, immersive atmosphere where everything is beautiful. The battles are challenging, the story unravels well - the game is a 'light' experience, fulfilling in the majority of aspects. The characters you meet along the way possess whimsical personalities which increase variety and compliment their own unique abilities. The world of Lemuria is wonderful to explore and there's reason to check every space! An overflowing number of hidden items and fun things to find are everywhere.All in all, this is definitely a game worth playing if you value thebeauty of the art and storyof a game."
76561198101604404,Recommended,256290,20513006,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Märski,"One of the reasons why I bought this game in the first place was because of it's artistic look. This game owns the most beautiful backgrounds I've ever seen. The story itself is also pretty good - even tho am not used to play games that own a plot which sounds like it has been taken out of a children's book. The game itself is pretty enjoyable. I like to collect stuff and find some hidden areas - this game has both of 'em surprisingly much which keeps the player busy.Even if you wouldn't like to look for extra items - the game still has a lot to offer.So yeah, I really enjoyed playing this game, but there's only one teeny tiny minus. When I was about to face the boss - I was expecting something new and exiting, but instead - the fights stayed pretty much the same. The only difference was that it took some more time to kill the enemy. ""Face the enemy, kick it's butt, done. Face the enemy, kick it's butt, done..."". The longer the pattern keeped on going - the more boring the game started to feel like. But don't take this the wrong way - it really is a good game.8/10"
,Recommended,256290,16708997,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Magoichi,"I was fairly surpised this game was by Ubisoft at first. The artwork that went into this game is beautiful . The plot is fairly simple, as well as the level board and crystal system. It's a good game toput your free hours into if only to admire the art style. The dialouge uses a ABCB rhyming style which may not be for everyone. all in all I think it's pretty good."
,Recommended,256290,19937153,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Myrhial,"The music, the art and the story are all lovely. I unfortunately struggled with the slowness of the combat a long while as I never noticed the battle speed setting. Putting that on the fastest vastly increased the fun I was having. By the end, I was sad the game was over. Job well done Ubisoft, please make more of this."
76561198031582969,Recommended,256290,14886088,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Mr. Cobb,"Such a good game. Brings me back to my childhood having been born in 1980 I have seen games transform a lot over the years. This game is a rare gem. I love it. The story is great as well as the music. I am now a huge fan of UBIart games having started Valiant Hearts which is also a gem. Highly recommended and I play all types of RPG's like Dark Souls, The Witcher series and Divinity. IMO this one is not to be missed. It has fresh simplicity and a deep focused story. The rhyming speech is a little odd but beyond that I find no fault in this game. It is a platformer with a combat system akin to Darkest Dungeon and Final Fantasy and believe it or not a deep skill tree. Highly recommend.Just finished it today. Very moving story."
76561198044520956,Recommended,256290,20284084,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,beXis,"Pelo nome e capa fiquei com receio de comprar, mas na primeira logada no game já foi 2h+ jogando, o jogo é muito bonito e é gostoso ouvir/ler a historia do jogo (mesmo em pt/br ta muito bem feito), o jogo é bem diferente de tudo que já havia jogado, mas isso foi algo que me agradou bastante."
,Recommended,256290,16321328,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Dankykang,"One of the most pleasant gaming experiences I've ever had. From the atmosphere, the story, dialogue, scenery, music, art, and flow, everything is beautiful. It really is a playable poem."
76561198089093475,Recommended,256290,10010005,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Snow,"I bought the game mostly because of the nice painting style and the story in game,as what i expected,its really a wonderful game for me to collect."
76561198148938373,Recommended,256290,31962370,Posted: 25 May,all,shipwrecked.horizon,"This game is absolutely beautiful. From the music to the game play, you can't help but appreciate how much effort has been poured in to this. This is both a fun and at times challenging game - but the biggest attraction is the whimsy and charm. I recommend this game for someone who plays casually and isn't in to serious gaming. The battle scenes are fun, you have to time your attacks based on the meter running at the bottom - you're only able to attack when it's your turn on the line - but you're ablel to use spells or potions to move enemies back or to speed yourself up. Very interesting dynamic. This is most definately a pleasant way to spend your time. I play this by myself, but with my 4 year old as well - as she's able to control the mouse and the little orb of light that is required for some tasks. Absolutely love this game."
,Recommended,256290,16463596,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,420 Huff it™,"What a delight this game has brungA shame uPlay stinks of dungRemove its presence and you will seeJust how great this game could be(srsly, s'il vous plait uPlay, die)Beautiful artwork, and the flow is very enjoyable (quite unlike my attempt at rhymes). If you can get over the required uPlay and potentially repetitive combat, you're in for a good ride. The soundtrack is one of the best I've heard in awhile."
,Recommended,256290,10892239,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Milk & Cheese,"Lovely Art style RPG with great Story. Only con is Uplay, otherwise great game."
,Recommended,256290,13203401,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Broccoli^,THAT ARTIt's so good though
,Recommended,256290,33290803,Posted: 5 July,all,PantasticPanda,"I was very disappointed at first because this game requires uplay and a uplay account (I truly despise it when a game on steam requires extra apps and accounts). However, after ~4 hours of playing, I can tell you that it proved to be worth it. The game is absolutely gorgeous. It has an amazing soundtrack and beautiful art. The combat system is very unique and can be quite challenging. To keep it short; it's worth every penny."
76561198093211074,Recommended,256290,27581065,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wiss2wiss,"This game might be a bit short but it is worth it! This is one of the games that you wish you could sink more hour into it. The combat is fun, fast and yet relaxing. It was like reading a nice book. I would recommend this game to everyone who cares about story and Easter!"
76561198171234202,Recommended,256290,33405551,Posted: 9 July,all,Spooxie,"I can't speak highly enough of this game.It's incredibly easy to pick up, but with stunning graphics, a beautiful soundtrack, and constantly evolving combat, you will never find yourself bored. I've completed the game and still finding myself going back just to get another taste."
76561198046901127,Recommended,256290,22109090,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Montilla,"Beautiful game with amazing characters and a deeply immersive storytelling. Graphics and soundtrack are stunning, gameplay is simple yet very fun. The timeline and Igniculus mechanics really add a new flavor to good old turn-based combat. It's basically a fairy tale told through a game.The only problems I have with this game are 1) too short, and 2) too easy. As in WAY too wasy. Had to play it on Hard to make is slightly challenging. Most bosses can be beaten in one attempt, which makes it a little frustrating in the sense that the challenges don't live up to the expectations.The best Chil of Light has to offer is the immersion. Skip it if you're looking for a real challenge, but definetely buy it if you want a beautiful, magical adventure with a handful of the best characters I've ever journey with."
76561198071947252,Recommended,256290,22433734,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,WaTeRvPaTh,"I bought this game for my sister, but playing it is a pleasure, ATV scale similar to the Heroes of might and magic fifth, craft, tactical positio, secrets, for those who are not in need of a shooter and combat in real time, which reflect the following otsily several INSTANT step, this game will bring the sea of blissful feelings for the beautiful atmospheric music, and its history is quite possible you will find worthy of the highest awards. In short talented, made in poems game, in which the time spent will be granted to you from above (God).Купил я эту игру для сестры, но оказывается сам с удовольствием играю в нее, атв шкала похожая на героев пятых, крафт, тактическая позиция, секреты, для тех кто не так нуждается в экшене и бое в реальном времени, где отсилы несколько мнгновений обдумать следующий шаг, это игра принесет море блаженных чувств под прекрасную атмосферную музыку, и ее история вполне возможно покажется вам достойной высочайшей награды. Одним словом талантлива, сделаная в стихах игра, в которой, проведенное время будет даровано вам свыше."
,Recommended,256290,21614307,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Agent_Luna,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!! :)
76561198149032709,Recommended,256290,24365470,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,aaronljack,"Simply put, if you're a fan of RPGs and enjoy quality platforming elements in games, this is a must buy. Absolutely gorgeous in multiple facets, Child of Light is a prime example of video games being works of art. It contains a coming of age story with a old ""storybook/picture book"" feel that adds a ton of charm. It's well worth the purchase price and if you can get it on sale, don't hesitate to pick this up!+ Gorgeous graphics+ Beautiful soundtrack+ Charming characters+ Pleasing storytelling+ Enjoyable turn based combat+ Entertaining platforming- Combat system isn't incredibly deep"
,Recommended,256290,29304323,Posted: 16 January,all,Salted11,"In a sea of sequels, this original gem is outstanding.  A simple yet compelling story delivered in an original manner made for a great gameplay experience.  The only downside was a somewhat heavy-handed attempt by Ubisoft to seek microtransactions as seen in some of he DLCs and the expending of Ubi-points for ""Rewards.""  The game is challenging but does not require any additional money beyond the (reasonable) purchase price."
76561198201432681,Recommended,256290,29533601,Posted: 27 January,all,Nymwen,"Absolutely amazing game!If you ever wanted to give your child or any other child game to play this surely is the one! I would be blown off my feet if I got this game when I was child. :' ) Well, I am amazed even now, but as a child this would be even more magical. The game itself has some repetitive combats, but you can practice your tactics and strategies, learn from mistakes and prepare for boss battles. The music, the scenes, you would want to play it at least to enjoy in that amazing and creative art.So much details are put into dialogues that rhyme, into art in the background, into new places you visit. I also like lessons you can learn on the way by playing. Lessons about how to behave, how to conquer your fears, how to believe in yourself, definitions of our state and mind and all the little things combined in every character you meet. Simply beautiful.Not to spoil game for anyone, the last thing I wanted to say is there is something amazing in giving the children heroine like this, with a sword, determine with purpose on her mind.:)Good job to every single one of you, participating in making this game magical.It will be hard to say goodbye, because this game surely leaves special mark as the end draws nigh.I recommend this game for children, teenagers, adults even my dog liked to watch while I was playing, the music really calmed him down.:)"
,Recommended,256290,29234420,Posted: 13 January,all,avocadoshake,"In ‘Child of Light’, you play as a young girl named Aurora, who one day falls asleep and dies. She finds herself in a strange land called Lemuria, which she finds is cast in darkness by her stepmother Umbra. Aurora then embarks on a quest to find the sun, moon, and stars to restore light to the land of Lemuria. On your quest, you meet a firefly named Igniculus, who becomes your main sidekick in your journey across Lemuria. You also meet a number Lemurians from different factions, some of whom eventually join your party for different reasons. You traverse the game world in a side-scrolling manner, and combat creatures of the dark in a hybrid turn-based/real-time system. You progress in the game by discovering new areas and leveling up Aurora and the characters you meet along the way in an RPG fashion.The game was very enjoyable to play, since I found both the combat and crafting systems very easy to pick up. The combat system was easy to understand, but may take a while to master. You will need to utilize your sidekick Igniculus well to ensure you get the edge in battles. I played the game on Normal mode and found the game sufficiently difficult, since I didn’t try to grind the leveling up of my characters. The ability to choose your battles definitely helped in this regard, and allowed me to focus on other aspects in the game, like the story and the artwork. The crafting system was straightforward, and the buffs offered to your party members were easy to keep track of. For game completionists, there are side quests that you can complete and collectibles to, well, collect, that will keep you occupied with ‘Child of Light’ longer than what the main quest alone can offer. The side quests are short and give life to the NPCs you encounter. The collectibles give you a reason to explore the nooks and crannies of Lemuria’s regions.In terms of the game’s aesthetics - the art design lends to a dreamy, picture book-esque atmosphere. Despite this though, stages and enemies can evoke the haunting and eerie. The soundtrack in general was very pleasant and relaxing to listen to, and reminded me of the tiny music boxes that you play by turning the crank. The use of piano added a melancholic touch to the music. The music during boss fights added a lot to the tension and excitement, therefore making boss fights feel more ‘epic’.‘Child of Light’ was good, but was not without its faults. One of the things that I felt didn’t shine so much was the dialogue. Throughout the game, expect to read dialogue that rhymes, or written in poetry-like manner. At times, the rhymes felt forced, and therefore awkward to read. Another thing that I felt was quite weak was the fleshing out of the characters that join your party. Because of the scant glimpses offered on each character’s history, I didn’t get particularly attached to the characters. Interestingly as well, you get a character quite late in the game, who I didn’t really get to utilize because I was already invested in the other characters’ abilities. Lastly, the biggest gripe I had with this game was of a technical nature. Unfortunately for me, the game could never close properly via the “Exit to Main Menu” option on the main game screen. Whenever I tried to use this option, my computer would just get stuck on a black screen, which I couldn’t get out of by any means. This meant I had to restart my computer. I eventually found out a way to close the game without needing to restart my computer by pressing Alt + Tab, and then closing the game window from the taskbar.All in all, this was a beautifully made game that I think different types of gamers will enjoy. The simplicity in story, combat, and crafting made the game very enjoyable to play, and the art and sound definitely contributed towards making the game a delightful experience."
76561198041154683,Recommended,256290,29369253,Posted: 19 January,all,lettersbad,There is not much to this game and it is very repetitive BUT it is a fun story line and the animation is very beautiful. I would recommend this game.
76561198094649948,Recommended,256290,29347022,Posted: 18 January,all,hendrickhere,"Great story, great animation style, great adventure. I would play on the harder setting, however, as it wasn't too challenging."
,Recommended,256290,29304506,Posted: 16 January,all,kuroiNOryuu,"Nice gameplay and graphics. Really good OST.The game is not difficult, stands for casual players."
76561198114854108,Recommended,256290,13674011,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,kadsbury,"Game is a visual master piece with a charming story. The combat is fun and the game offers fun and intriguing puzzles.This game also has enough loot to put borderlands to shame.Unfortunetly the dialogue has a habit of making every sentence ryhme however it is often charming and fits its fairy tale story book theme, another point is that you will have to set up a uplay account but other than those two small annoyances I thoroughly enjoyed this game and would definetly recommend it."
,Recommended,256290,15073449,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,"jinkies, mister","Friends. Family, Hope. Find all of these things in the game and disregard the real-life counterparts. Withdraw from all social events involving your friends and family. Procrastinate even more skilfully and deftly with this charming and deceptively strategic RPG. And, if you're a student like me, disappoint your parents even further by spending an embarrassingly large amount of time before the screen, watching little animals violently flog one another to death.Because my goodness is this game glorious.This game has it all : storyline engineered to make you cry, beautiful watercolour artwork, simple yet strategic gameplay, treasure hunting, side quests, crafting, levelling up (with the possibility of grinding if you're into that), hauntingly heartbreaking music and sexy rats in finery and merpeople (again if you're into that). The world and gameplay are utterly absorbing, such that 7pm quickly becomes 10pm and you give up on doing your essay and instead consign yourself to playing for another couple of hours because it's already late and you're kinda tired and what can you do.I'll speak on the strongest part of the game (and arguably the most important part) : gameplay.So the game incorporates the Active Battle System (Active Time Battle ? Active Battle Time ?) seen in early Final Fantasy games - in other words, the player and the enemy each have a bar that charges up, and when it is full they may ""cast"", or complete an action, be it attacking, defending, taunting or buffing allies up with freakish dancing. An interesting component (or two) included in this game is the ability to interrupt an action by hitting the character in mid-""cast"", causing the interrupted to have to refill their charge bar. Time it right and the enemy will never land a hit on you, whereupon the aforementioned flogging takes place. Alternatively, panic as you yourself are trapped in such a vicious cycle of flogging and swear under your breath because the enemy is too many and too fast, and you are too slow and weak and pitiful or both. You also have the ability to manually slow down the enemy (or heal yourself) by clicking and holding the mouse (although it's a firefly in the game) over the characters, allowing you to turn the tide of battle or at least give yourself a bit more breathing room if you're getting absolutely pummelled.There is nothing more satisfying than defeating a boss that you have branded as being ""cheap"" and ""too fast"" in the first minute of battle, nothing more elating than having your frustrated despair abruptly change to malicious glee as you discover the proper strategy required to take them out, and there is absolutely nothing that trumps the feeling of having successfully carried out your petty vengeance by dealing an inordinately and unnecessarily large amount of damage to an enemy barely clinging on to life. Eat it !So concludes the more positive part of the review.The negative part is a lot smaller and miniscule in importance.Essentially, if rhymed poetry is not your friend, or if rhyming in general just gets on your nerves, watch out. The entire game is composed of rhymes, and some of them wholly repetitive. There's only so many words you can rhyme with ""bye"" or ""me"" (actually that's a lie, there's a huge amount that rhymes with those two words, but in the context of a video game, let alone a conversation in a video game ? I think not). You can also collect collectibles in the form of ""confessions"" (essentially background history) which is also completely composed of rhyme. And this time the language is a lot more sophisticated. So if you're lazy, a bad reader (which means you should've stopped reading this review a good 5 paragraphs back), a second language speaker (I joke) or simply rhymephobic, avoid at all costs. But because this game is a combat game and not a reading poetry game, I'd have to say that its impact on the game is fairly minimum.Anyway. Buy it. Play it. Love it. Finish it. Then don't touch it again until nostalgia brings it to the forefront of your mind."
,Recommended,256290,17899077,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Cross-Section,"This game practically masters the ""Fable"" aesthetic; the story is engaging and is written with a verse-based whimsy that is infused with a depth unheard of in games of this tone. The 2.5D art design is out-of-this-world, and further strengthens the pedigree of the UbiArt engine. The sole issue hampering this game is the Final-Fantasy-style combat; while the strategy involved in timing hits is somewhat engaging, the sheer, samey repetitiveness of it, in addition to the lack of useful info on enemy stats, make the idea of playing on anything other than Casual untenable. 4/5"
76561197972518312,Recommended,256290,15255457,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Sergius,"Really enjoyed this game, the hand-drawn art is beautiful, the story is engaging and the game mechanics work well.  As a bonus my daughter adores it as well."
76561198077399991,Recommended,256290,13283917,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,THE MOTHERFÜHRER,"BLOODY SWEET GAME WITH AN IMMERSIVE STORY, SORTA WEAK BUT RHYMING DIALOGUES, REALLY NICE SOUNDTRACK, REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING GREAT ART, AND A REALLY CUTE PROTAGONIST TILL SHE AGED AM LIKE WHY DID U HAVE TO GROW UP? THAT SMALL KID WHO CAN BARELY HOLD A SWORD WAS SO SWEETTHEN SHE HAD TO GROW UP AND MATURE AND♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ YEW DEVSTHEN AGAIN THIS IS DEFINITE PROOF THAT Ubisoft﻿MONTREAL CAN MAKE GOOD ARTISTIC GAME LIKE THISTHEN WHY MAKE A CLUSTER♥♥♥♥ LIKE Watch Dogs﻿?PLS MAKE MORE LIKE THIS"
,Recommended,256290,14124443,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,osmontytär,+ The storyline keeps the player interested+ A very calming soundtrack and the general atmosphere+ Rather unique style for fighting the enemies+ The graphics are insanely beautiful and make this game look like it's coming straight from a children's bedtime storybook.- The fights might get a bit repetitive and slightly boring even- You have to register to UPlay to get this game to work.
,Recommended,256290,15196615,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Thunder's Fist,An absolutely gorgeous game with a wonderful soundtrack to go with it!
,Recommended,256290,13954661,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,nammynam,"Beautiful graphics, music and overall atmosphere. A bit on the shallow side for an RPG, and very easy on standard difficulty mode, but I enjoyed it because I got to play local co-op with my gal. She played the cursor/firefly (picking up things on screen, blinding enemies) and i was on the keyboard. It felt like we were working together. GF likes to play RPGs now thanks to this one!"
,Recommended,256290,15699725,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,MegaZeroTime,A great example of old school JRPG with beautiful fantasy in this generation.Must Play.
,Recommended,256290,24180922,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Des,"A stunningly beautiful and captivating experience.I frequently found myself rhyming in my head,whenever speech made an appearance.If you're thinking of trying this, go right ahead, you are not being misled.Definitely one of my most favourite games where story is concerned, and the gameplay is nothing to sneeze at."
76561198093149396,Recommended,256290,15661935,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Senpai Sarah,"This game is honestly a masterpiece, I wasn't expecting to love it this much. Although everyone else hates it, I really love the word play throughout the game and the Shakespeare references. The rhythm of the text really gives this game a beautiful tone in each dialogue. I just wish I could have more than one character in combat at a time however I like being able to swap who is in combat at any given time. 10/10 u gotta do"
76561198024166192,Recommended,256290,11001394,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Petrion,"Really worth playing.Spend your money and time to see everyone speak in rhyme.This game is truly MAGNIFICENT. The graphic and music is like old bed stories but fascinating. I really like how gorgeous these components are. This game sure is amazing in every single moment, you won't be bored. The battle may looks like normal old JRPG turn-based style except that you have to organize your move in every second to make it perfect. You will find that there are numerous technique to beat a single monster. In the world of Lemuria, there are numerous items to be found and create wich can improve your ability and make game even more fun.Just play it. You won't be regret."
76561198079271025,Recommended,256290,16365451,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Rorrie,"Ususally, I don't play turn-based games. I don't like that you have to wait a preordained period of time to be able to do something (where's my freedom to do whatever I want?!), so I bought this game on a whim. I liked the art mostly. It's cute. And it was on sale.So with my bias against turn-based games, I started playing it, thinking ˝Well, if I don't like it, at least I didn't spend that much on it˝. And to my surprise, I kept on playing it. I did not feel frustrated about the turn-based system, because this game's system is more dynamic (play the game or youtube it and you'll see what I mean). As with all turn-based games, the fights can become repetitive, but I found them to be engaging enough to not really care about it.I haven't finished the game yet, but so far I found the story to be quite engaging and well narrated. The rhymes add a taste of childhood, without being childish. The art is stunning and the soundtrack is well matched with the pacing of the game.Overall, this game was a very pleasant surprise for me."
,Recommended,256290,13711455,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Grey Fullbuster,FUN and lighthearted. the story is magnificent. 10/10
,Recommended,256290,16253002,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Invisible Man,"Not a bad little rpg, i originally was captured by the artstyle and continued to play on.It has a nice feel to flying and a lot of the fluidity feels like the honed gameplay from some of the recent rayman games. Infact i can imagine them just taking the straight rayman engine and loading it up with these cartoony/storybook assets.Anyway the game started out strong for me, an interesting story and art style and game mechanics but after a while those things get stale. Most puzzles involve using Igniculus to shine on some element or to project a shadow. I thought you might get other abilities other than flying but you don't. Then i also found myself skipping alot of the dialog which i rarely do in games, i think its just due to the fact its not straightforward chit chat.All in all though it was fun enough to push through, the other characters and pickups and parts of the story were intersting enough and i could see some different experiences happening between players if you don't seek out every single thing in the game.I can see a sequel or another game of a similar style really tightening up some of these aspects and making a much better rounded experience."
,Recommended,256290,16539086,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Bagel,relaxing af lovely music and artwork i give it a solid ten ten
76561198018673671,Recommended,256290,16651311,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,PrincessAdelaide,"Child of Light is one of the best recent rpg's I have played.  When I first thought about playing this game I had decided that I would rather watch it on youtube, which would have turned out to be a huge mistake.  Since it's an rpg you get a lot more choice in how you play over somebody elses experience.I think the story of this game is pretty good but not amazing, as it's told in a fairy tale type manner.  Every character speaks in rhyme, so a lot of the time they have to select words and phrases that would rhyme with the last, instead of telling a rich story.  But that isn't to say there is no story because there definetely is.  The main character actually grows up throughout the story, like she starts off selfish but becomes selfless to the end, unfortunately thats it for character growth though, at the end of the day everybody is there for the main character.The combat of this game is 99% of the team easy and excellent, and if you play the game on casual mode you won't have to fight half the enemies in the game, it's really easy.  It's only on expert that the game becomes a lot harder.  It's a turn based rpg where your character moves across on a bar at the bottom, which depends on your speed stat.  Your character will start at the wait part of the bar, which is basically waiting to select a skill.  Once you hit the end of wait you will hit a line where you can select a skill.  Each skill has a time that it takes to get off, depending on it's strength.  Now the mechanic of the combat that makes it somewhat strategic, is the fact that if the enemy hits you well you are in the red bar you will get interrupted, and pushed back on the bar so that you have to reselect your skill.  If you hit the enemy well they are in the red bar they will be knocked back and interrupted as well.  So you can really plan knocking back enemies judging by how fast they are on the bar.  Other than that you only can fight with 2 characters and  the enemies can have up to 3.What makes this a good game to play yourself is the skills that you get.  Now it isn't as in depth as a skill tree is, but it has enough depth so that you can choose what you want each character to do.  Each skill has two forms as well, the solo one which hits one enemy and the all version which hits all enemies.  The all version takes a lot longer to get off though.  Also if you play the game on the casual difficulty, not only can you avoid most fights to beat the game, you get more exp.  In the expert version you can finish the game at level 50 but on casual it's around 70.Expert difficulty also creates the importance of the crafting system where you actually have to use items and upgrades to survive.  There is a crafting system in the game called Oculli which isn't explained so much, but it isn't that convuluted that you wouldn't understand it with some practice.  The game also gives you a lot to use for crafting.  Basically they upgrade your strength in certain aspects.  Like the red Oculli gives your character fire damage and the blue one water damage.  They also give you defencive boosts, based on which Oculli is put where.Overall I'd say this game is good, but don't expect the most immersive rpg mechanics or characterization, that other rpg's like final fantasy have.  This game took me about 14 hours to complete, but I did enjoy my experience.  And it was nice to be able to play an rpg that wasn't going to take me 100 plus hours to beat.  I'd recommend this game to people who want to play an rpg that isn't too hard or takes too much time to get into.  I also recommend playing this game on expert difficulty, which is the way it was meant to be played."
76561198037796740,Recommended,256290,16710038,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Hellkite,"From the start, I have been hooked on this game. The soft pastel look in terms of graphics, actually do a LOT to help the scenery in the game. Even the rhyming all the time is rather amusing, though I could see folks getting tired of it fast. This is in terms of function, and old school rpg, with a fight timer much like the grandia style games.The music also folds beautifully with the game, and each of the hand drawn {at least that's how they look} characters helps bring a smile to my face. Well worth the buy, if you find it on sale, you will kick yourself for missing this one if you are a fan of the RPG genre."
,Recommended,256290,16698203,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Akachi™,BEAUTIFUL
76561198129809359,Recommended,256290,16480466,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Heartress,I really like it. The game are is absolutely gorgeous and the plot keeps things interesting. And it has also made me cry like a baby a few times :P
,Recommended,256290,23945561,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Lithium the Flux,"If videogames can be considered works of art, this one certainly fits the criteria.  Gorgeous music, a beautiful world, and an Austrian folk-tale for a story.  The game is, by all means, an excellent RPG as well.  The story has decent and engaging progression, though at its core it is very simplistic.  It has a very engaging combat system, and bosses which can actually be quite challenging (though i only played on the harder difficulty).This is easily one of my favorite RPG's."
,Recommended,256290,21243441,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,400IQ Rick & Morty Fan,One of the best RPGs i have ever played
76561198041284274,Recommended,256290,13240884,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Jambon,English learning simulator.
,Recommended,256290,14235394,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Commited Sodoku,"I usually never write reviews but my god this game is one of the best games I have played in the last couple years. Real time turn based rpg game. Beautiful, Challenging when put on expert mode. Short but sweet. Highly recommend this game."
76561198066994355,Recommended,256290,15629869,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Awemega Maxi,"Flowing hair that disapears in some fights, 10/10 wuld flow again."
76561198098163103,Recommended,256290,27627012,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Aranter,"What a game ,love it"
76561198020364188,Recommended,256290,16470627,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Bingleton,A wonderful turn-based combat game. I love the art and sounds in the game. I highly reccomend to anyone who appreciates art. Probably one of the best RPGs i've ever played!
,Recommended,256290,13606989,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Gerudo,Great game
76561198120443945,Recommended,256290,22121516,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,The Pancake Dwarf,"On this review, I will be writing the pros and cons instead of just telling you how good the game is. I just wanted to say that this is an awesome RPG with beautiful graphics and with a great mix of platforming.ProsThis game has a sufficient amount of interesting enemies that love the dark, but want to kill you.You can upgrade your protaganist using the skill points you have earned through leveling up.You can distract enemies to avoid engaging in an RPG by shining your partner at them.You can equip a gem to your attacks, armor, or weapons to power them up or give them a buff.I love the hair flow physics it just makes the game feel more magical.Now let us talk about the bad parts of the game(Don't let this convince you into not getting the game if you were thinking about it).ConsYour character walks slow for a dramatic fantasy effect(that or my frame rates are low).The wait for executing your turn in the unique RPG battle system is just a hair bit long. It would probably be better if it was a bit shorter.Your partner can distract the enemies during an RPG battle during the waiting term, but loses stamina while doing that.In dark areas you need to not only light your partner up, but also move him throught the area as well."
76561198125868835,Recommended,256290,22205850,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ladyhawke ~SOG~,"I love it! Wonderful artwork, story, and music. I enjoyed the battle system. Only complaint is lack of areas and length of complete gameplay. Hoping for either more DLC or a sequel. I also appreciate how EVERYTHING RHYMES (and in a way that isn't annoying)! This must have taken YEARS to write. want a good challenge? Try it on hard mode when you first play it!"
,Recommended,256290,22183547,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,SmokingStories,"Why are you still reading the reviews? Just buy and see, its so worth it"
,Recommended,256290,16370473,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Obi-Fran Kenobi,"Plunge into a wonderful Shakespearean turn-based rpg with light puzzle platform.Evocative story, graphics, animation and music.Combats may turn repetitive, eventually, like in many other tb-rpgs."
76561197978475674,Recommended,256290,10047214,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Alkirin,"I love this game.  Beautifully rendered, amazing music, solid gameplay, and a heartwarming story.Little more to ask for in a game.  Especially for a fraction of the price of games that aren't near this good."
,Recommended,256290,24109971,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Renato,"Great artwork, great story, great fight system , only the level upping is bad a little bet, after every fight you are level upping.7/10 IGN from me."
76561198034340966,Recommended,256290,14688366,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,YoWhatsUp,"I never wondered what a bed time story would look like as a game, and i have to say that this game pretty musch answered my question. If you were to dream in a childrens book where the pictures looks colorful and warm, the game's art would difinately come to mind. This is one of those game you play for the atmosphere; however for this one, you'll want to enjoy it as if time has went back to the kindergarden to second greade where the teacher would read you childrens books."
,Recommended,256290,13458390,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Jert,"I love this game, it does require Uplay, nevertheless, its a fantastic game. it has an interesting combat system I've never seen before. it also has ALL the feels ;~;. i like how they made it ryhme but becoming attached to the characters which is why I didn't shed more than 1 tear during a specific scene. if you like story and RPG's then get this8.5/10 Would almost cry again"
,Recommended,256290,15635028,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Kytober,"Child of Light succeeds at what it aims to do. It is a cute, artsy RPG with simple mechanics that I enjoyed playing with."
76561198022751934,Recommended,256290,14869451,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Manabender,"FIRST IMPRESSIONS:Nearly all of the game's dialogue (which is primarily text-only, with spoken narration for cutscenes) is in a poetic rhyming format. Personally, I find this quite annoying, and it distracts me from the text's actual content. However, I did find a character (party member, even) that goes out of her way to use a word that does NOT rhyme, when there's a better-fitting word that DOES rhyme, after which another character corrects them. I find this somewhat amusing.The combat, however, piques my interest. First off, it uses a ""turn-time"" system, whereby faster units take more turns than slower ones, as opposed to Pokemon (for example) where speed only determines who moves first in a turn, yet everyone still gets the same number of turns. However, this game takes it a step farther; each unit's turn is split into a wait period and a cast period. Once a unit's wait period finishes, they select an action and proceed to the cast period. Once the cast period is done, the action occurs. However, an action can be interrupted if the unit is hit while in their cast period. This results in a lot of strategy in manipulating the timers, especially given the fact that you can pick an enemy and slow them down nearly any time.I read a lot of reviews that mentioned having problems with Uplay, be it the inabilty to play or having saves erased. I haven't had these issues. I also read that you should use Uplay in offline mode, which I've done thus far.SECOND IMPRESSIONS:Now that I have more than two party members, I now see how party swapping works. It's kind of wierd. At first, I thought it was the same as FF10; on a player unit's turn, you can swap him/her out for any other player unit not already active, and this is completely seamless and takes no time. But there's another option. Lets say you have three party members, named A, B, and C. A is picking an action. B is on the field, but waiting to act. C is off the field. You can use A's action to swap C in for B, and this will cause A's turn to be spent, but C is now immediately ready to act. Confusing? Yeah, I thought so too. As a result, I only use the swap-for-self method that FF10 uses.I'd also like to comment on the art style. It has its own unique fantasy charm. I like to describe it as the developer being onjuuuustthe right amount of drugs.THIRD IMPRESSIONS:Dang, the game is gettinghard.There's two difficulty levels, Casual and Expert. I picked Expert. The difficulty was high, but managable until recently. It's getting quite brutal at this point. I'm managing, but only barely.And I'm loving it.BRING IT ON!"
,Recommended,256290,21115999,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,XXXSWAGXXX1337XXX360NOSCOPEXXX,"Warning: Indepth reviewVisuals-Gorgeous watercolor artstyle-Charming/cute fairytale-like character designs-Extremely beautiful and detailed environments and scenery aided by the artstyle-High attention to detail for character/skill animations. E.g, main character fumbles around a lot while wielding/using her sword because it is practically the same size as herAudio-Eargasmic fully orchestrated soundtracks-Music styles range from lighthearted disneylike bgm to intense, adrenaline pumping musical scores to sombre, lonely, melancholic pieces-Soundtracks that play during normal monster battles are so epic that they feel more like final boss battles instead-Much effort and detail put into sound effects for every little thing. E.g., sound of barefeet stepping on wet rock as your character moves around a dark forest, or the metal tinkering sound of the crown when it hits the floorStory-Straight out of a fairytale, but with a slightly dark and gloomy atmosphere replacing the usual happy, uplifting mood found in these type of stories-Some nice plot twists and turn of events that match well with the sorrowful mood of the story, but otherwise, fairly straight forward like most fairytales-despite the generally sombre feeling of the story, still heartwarming at times-At its core, a coming-of-age story. People looking for something with an intricate and deep plot will be disappointedCharacters-With the plot being reminiscent of a disney movie, likewise the characters also follow suit (talking animals/ mythological creatures)-Charming/cute characters that compliment each other well due to their distinctive personalities and character traits-Main character (Aurora)  is an incredibly cute and sweet, but brave little girl. (Very likeable protagonist)Dialogue-Everything is spoken in rhymes; adds to the cuteness/fairytaleness of the story, but may become annoying for some people as the game progressesGameplay-Old school turn based combat with several added twists-Order of turns in combat dictated by a timeline mechanic, which is further influenced by an interruption mechanic when characters are attacked during the 'casting' part of the timeline-Timeline/interruption/cursor mechanic help add to the tension/unpredictability of fights and fosters strategic elements unique to these mechanics (e.g, knowing when it is worth using weak, but fast speed attacks to interrupt enemies VS straight brute force killing the monsters with strong but long cast time spells)-However, at its heart, it is still turn based battle, so it will not appeal to all people despite the previously mentioned mechanics that speed up the flow of battleRecommend to everyone but the most diehard haters of turn-based battle.Oh, and theres Uplay. ♥♥♥♥ Uplay.But seriously though, it's worth the hassel of installing and signing up for Uplay to experience this game. Cheers~"
76561198154912826,Recommended,256290,20322736,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ADRNTESPDR,"I love turn based RPG's and Child of Light delivers a satisfying system encouraging strategy and diligence. It's simple, but as the plot progresses you need to employ new strategies and be smarter to keep up with new enemy variants. Child of Light is addicting and entices exploration. It's not far into the game that you gain a new power to roam around with which makes the game much more enjoyable and opens up the 2D map extensively to reveal a much larger world than you realized. Playing alone is fun in itself, but one of my favorite features in Child of Light is the cooperative mechanic that allows for another person to join in to help explore and fight through use of the mouse. Cooperative play adds a whole new element of teamwork as your partner can use the mouse to heal the party or slow enemies while you plan the next move.The story and presentation of Child of Light is charmingly reminiscent of a classic Disney movie. The journey of Princess Aurora as she finds her way through a magical woods to find a way to save her father, while not breaking ground in storytelling, has that classic fairytale vibe that harkens the mind to more innocent and simple times. As you journey through the woods you'll come across several companions to join your party. While the cast of characters is diverse and their interactions amusing, you'll find yourself using only a couple through the length of the game--bringing an additional one or two out to deal with certain enemy types. This didn't really bother me, but it's to be expected when you have this many characters in your party in such a short game.I suppose that's my only gripe with Child of Light--it felt short, but that may be because a friend and I beat it in the length of a day. I got it on sale and don't regret what I payed, but I can't help but feel thankful I didn't pay full price. Regardless, I had a blast exploring and fighting bosses with my friend. If you like RPG's with turn-based battle mechanics or a story that harkens back to the classic Disney Princess tales of yore, then you will enjoy Child of Light."
,Recommended,256290,16873000,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Waffle King,"White Kid-An Official Waffle King Review~Find morehere.Roses are red.So is cherry pie.Better bite the pillow.Because I'm going in dry.Haha, see, I'm a poet. I shouldn't be writing stupid reviews with my poetic style. I should write children's fairy-tales. If Ubisoft can do it with Child of Light, why can't I? I can rhyme better than Black Mother Goose. Also known as Big Mama G. It's a thing, really. What else do you think black children get read to them before bed?Their rights.I mean, Child of Light is a pretty good game. Beautiful, fun to play, and is pretty artsy if you consider that Ubisoft is French. I mean, since when does France know a thing about art? Their idea of art is a black and white movie about a red balloon. Psh. But me, I'm just a manifestation of art and poetry. You know?Child of Light is Ubisoft's attempt to make a game with a soul for once. And man, they did a pretty good job. For once. It's available on pretty much every major platform. And to be completely honest, I'd recommend playing on any other besides this one. Uplay is a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥. Fantastic game, but Uplay is annoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥Aside from that, Child of Light is a magical experience.This game has NO climbing in it. You can fly, instead.A sort of turn-based RPG featuring a time-based system, very similar to Grandia, Child of Light is trying really hard to be a fairy-tale. It's got the princess, it's got the magic, it's got the evil queen, and it has midgets with beards. The whole shebang.Little princess Aurora goes through a magical portal to Austria, where the game apparently takes place. The magical land of Austria. A land of fantasy and wonder. Too bad Austria is only a fictional world.In Austria, she learns that an evil queen has stolen all the light of the world. There is only darkness now. Light is the good guy. Darkness is the bad guy.Because white is good and black is bad.Because white means purity and goodness, and black means evil and unemployment. And gang violence.You'll fly through the fantasy world of Austria, fighting the creatures of darkness. The world is flat and 2-D, and layered with beautiful hand-drawn environments. It's an incredibly pretty game. Those Frenchmen might not be able to win wars, but damn. They're really good at drawing.The combat system is actually pretty complex. There's a sort of time meter that small icons representing characters will move along. They move at different speeds depending on the character's stats, and all race to hit an action point. At that point, they can choose what move to use or what action to take. However, as they move along the action meter to charge up for that action, getting attacked will interrupt their move and send them back on the time meter.You can only have two characters out at a time, but swapping them doesn't count as an action. If you swap out your magic user for your healer, they start at the point the other character left at. However, that does then open up weaker characters like supporters to attacks.It's basically a game of juggling, trying to interrupt your enemies and swap out allies at the right moments to control the flow of battle. Not as easy as it sounds, as certain enemies can counter interruption and other moves. You'll also have to be wary of physical/magical attacks, and different elemental attacks. And especially not as easy as it sounds because I ♥♥♥♥ing suck at juggling.Controlling the flow of battle is the most important aspect of the game. And lucky for you, there's a slightly more direct way to manipulate it. You have a little firefly companion that can do little but shine light. But that light can slow down enemies, stun them before you run into them, and open special chests and such on the map. And during combat he can be used to influence the flow of battle quite a bit. Slowing down enemies just enough to interrupt them, or using his light to heal allies before they die. Normally he's controlled by player one, but if you're playing on Wii U he can be used by a second player with a Wii Remote Super Mario Galaxy style. A great way to get Grandma in on the action.While the combat system itself is smooth and flows great, other areas of the battle system aren't so smooth.Namely, the equipment system. You'll equip your characters with different colored gems called ""Oculi"". Why they called them Oculi, I think it was just to make something rhyme somewhere that they couldn't find a good rhyme to.Oculi have different properties, and bestow all sorts of powers and stat boosts depending on what it is and how it's equipped. They can be fused to craft stronger ones, or special ones. Or strong special ones.A great concept, however the execution was sloppy and clunky. Whenever I got new gems I'd loathe going to equip them. It was a long process. An ordeal.The gems you have equipped are not present in your crafting menu. Meaning to make use of gems, you need to unequip everything from everyone, craft gems, and then reequip everything to everyone. It's just annoying and frustrating, to the point where I'd avoid crafting gems for as long as I could. Which is sad, because the system itself is actually pretty cool.The Oculi system is but a burnt croissant on the face of France, however. It's the only real drawback in an otherwise beautiful game.The story can be pretty simplistic, but it's supposed to be a fairy-tale. And its dialogue is incredibly corny, because everything is forced to rhyme... but again, it's supposed to be a fairy-tale. They were purposeful design choices. To make the game cheesy. You know how much the French love their cheese. It's not really that bad... but it's kinda cringey at times. Depending on your lactose tolerance, it may or may not be that bad of an issue.But aside from being cheesy and having an♥♥♥♥♥equipment system, it's a fantastic game and a great addition to the Wii U's lacking RPG library. Not only is it fun with solid mechanics, but it's stylized beautifully. The art style and music really deliver a memorable experience.The style is great, and they put so much effort into giving the game a heart and soul. Which begs the question, why can't Ubisoft do this more often?Not every game has to be a AAA franchise entry with guns and climbing and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥stealth mechanics. White people that can climb has been done so many times, you know?I mean, the princess in this game is white too. But she FLIES.That's a whole different genre.If big budget game companies could learn that not everything is a AAA game that needs to be ♥♥♥♥♥d out into a franchise, maybe we could see more games like this made.CHILD OF LIGHT 2: REVELATIONS: BLACKLIST_FLAG_DOGS: ORIGINSLIKE ASSASSIN'S CREED WITH GUNS"
,Recommended,256290,15960245,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,CarmenSandiejo,"This game is beautiful. It's also the sort of gaming experience I love best, and rarely get. It's enough of a challenge to keep me interested without ever really getting frustrated. I'm terrible at real time combat, so I really appreciate the tactics involved in the turn-based combat system. Figuring out the best combination of part members, attacks, and items to use was very satisfying when you got it right.I found the character designs and narrative style charming, and the story is just dark enough to keep it from being cutesy. Plus, there is something awesome about a tiny fairy princess defeating evil monsters with a sword that she can barely hold up. And you can FLY. I love getting to fly in video games, and Child of Light makes the most of the mechanic.I sat at work and thought about going home and getting to play this game. I find myself humming the battle music. I changed my desktop wallpaper to game art. I started to consider cosplaying a character. I'm going to buy the extra adventure DLC, and I really hope they make a sequel."
,Recommended,256290,18556086,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Encantador,"One of the most beautiful fairy tales I have ever seen. Fabulous art, nice RPG part, very intresting battle mechanics. Not too challenging though, but plays like a bed-time-story. :) Highly recommended as a breath of fresh air in between ""heavy"" games."
,Recommended,256290,22059146,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Wow... This is a really great game. Not good, great. It has all the mechanics that make a game interesting. You can find the Final Fantasy turn based combat when you first encounter combat, sadly you only use 2 companions at any time.Conclusion, you must try this beautiful game. The accompanying piano music plus the beautiful watercolour visuals are a confirmed treat.PROS1. StorylineIt's amazing. It starts off with in 1895 Austria with the story of princess Aurora. Her mother is a duchess but died early. Aurora's father, the king, brings Aurora up on his own. Later on, he marries a dark woman as he is lonely. Conincidentally, Aurora catches a cold which causes her to get sick (I think it's pneumonia) and she dies.If you read on, the story delves deeper into the land of Lumeria and a find a deeper battle between Umbra and the light.2. Combination of MechanicsYou have Igniculus, the ball of light which you can control with mouse or a 2-player controller. You use him to activate mechanisms, slow down enemies in combat and blind enemies.3. Combat SystemInitiative based system which is amazing. You even get to use Igniculus to slow enemies down.4. FlyingThat won the game for me. Instead of the double jump cliche, flying took the game to a whole new level. It expanded the possibilities of the game so much more.5. Light PuzzlesPretty cool.6. Background and ForegroundAmazing. When I saw the giant moving in the background, it really made my day.7. Attention to DetailAurora's hair falls about when you jump and fall off ledges. It's beautiful. It's the little things like this that make the game amazing.8. Igniculus, the ElementalThe glowing orb is so useful, let me list the ways.a. Hints on your questsb. Collecting energy and health in combatc. Blinding enemies while travellingd. Slowing enemies while in combate. Activating mechanisms which require lightf. Picking up Confessionsg. Story buddyh. Healingi. Illumination9. The Bells in the Capilli VillageI love it. If you fly into the bells, the bells jingle.10. MusicThe piano accompaniement is so soothing and beautiful. Kudos to the composer.11. CharactersRubella - Jester HealerGolem - Ancient GolemFinn - Capelli MageNorah - Swift Fighter (Betrays you)Aurora - Leader UnitRobert - Mouse ArcherGem - SorceressOengus - FighterTristin - Better copy of RubellaCONS1. Contact Points between the FloorsBefore you get Flying, sometimes just up onto a second level is extremely difficult.2. DLCA lot of the game is DLC-based. But I'll let it slide because the game is amazing.3. 2 Character Combat2 is kind of a few. It would be better with 3.4. Repeated MonstersAlthough there are many uniques monsters, you will find repeats where monsters just change colour from green to red to blue to black. There is also a case of changing monsters from from a live version to a zombie version, but I like this one.Total number of uniques area. Boar manb. Ogrec. Spike dogd. Needle nose flyere. Ghost Horsef. Alligator guard (Has a Zombie version)g. Bird guardh. Spirit of Deathi. Leaf insectj. Centaur ArcherSUGGESTIONS1. Ailment ListCould you provide a hot tip to show what the ailments mean? I had to guess that paralyze was you could move on the action bar.2. Igniculusa. Distracting large and dangerous enemiesb. Uncovering hidden symbols which can't be seem unless illuminatedc. Getting eaten by a large beast.3. MultiplayerI'm actually wondering if you could split the heroes and Igniculus on an online battle.4. More Monster Slots + Hero SlotsI would like to see a 3 v 7 battle. Like the 3 heroes being surrounded. Just like Final Fantasy."
,Recommended,256290,17661540,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Arti Chan,"This game easily became my favorite.The story line is interesting, the art is mesmerizing, the music is superb, and the battle mechnics are simple, yet very fun~I highly recommend this game!"
76561198079438270,Recommended,256290,17689514,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,RedJoker00,"good gameplay, incredible art style and perfect soundtrack. do i have to say more?"
,Recommended,256290,17651054,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,RecklessVillen,"This game has been something else! I hated and yet loved it so much! It was truly is a great game! I had no problem with Uplay at all.Here's my playlist to the game!:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzVDMpjrANuV1DYjMcIF59-2O0BSxg__rI do feel that it's unnecessary to have it though, but that is something else entirely.The game brought a new feel to RPG's for me anyway.  It was original and had differnce but still kept the RPG basic combat style.The visuals were so stunning and fantastic! It was indeed like a painting coming to life. The art showed difference and uniqueness.One big thing I was not to crazy about was the rhyming, it felt forced and it bothered me after a few hours of gameplay. Since I do have a youtube channel, editing and having to hear it over again and again made me a bit annoyed but still this was a fantastic game overall!One big factor is with youtube is copyright so if you do intend to record and upload just be aware that it may happen to you. Ubisoft from what I understand allows you to post the gameplay but you can still get companies who want to pin you regardless. You can fight it but be warned you may lose or win, it's up to you.So to point out the Pro's and the Conn's here they are.Pro's+An exhillarating and tranquilizing mix of music.+A beautifully executed simple story.+Hand drawn art which appeals and steals the eye's scrutiny.+A classic blend of RPG elements in a side scroller.+Turn-based combat which hardly gets boring.+Lovely side-characters with their quirks diverse.+A delightful main lead.+An agape world of Lemuria with bellyful of quests.Con's-Rhyming feels forced at times.-Uplay.I have seen so many people hate on Uplay and I can understand that but we are not hating on Uplay. This is a game that people should know if it is either good or bad. Just my opinion don't hate on the game just because of a lame software, unless the game is bad."
,Recommended,256290,33996734,Posted: 3 August,all,Wolfzeit,"A fairy tale turned into a game. Beautiful soundtrack, design and history."
,Recommended,256290,19154658,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Owl,"Child of Light is one of the best games I've played in 2014. Its art and soundtrack work harmoniously and smoothly, you can spend HOURS playing without getting tired. Unlike AAA titles, CoL has no explosions, blood, violence - that kind of action. At the same time, it finds a balance where there will be a game that you won't sleep because of the lack of action. Even more if you are familiar with turn-based RPGs.The rhyming story is well constructed and developed by charismatic characters with unique characteristics. Some details about the game interface has bothered me (like not being able to organize my party) but it weren't enough to discourage me or took away my interest in knowing what would happen next in the story.I finished it in PS4, Vita and I also got a copy on Steam. And I'm not sick yet. Not even close to be."
,Recommended,256290,21028464,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,johnofthedingus,great gamebut then theres uplayso oops
76561197981867244,Recommended,256290,14849631,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,DecadentBrambleBaron,"The most enjoyable RPG I've played in a long time. Its mechanics are solid, easy to pick up and play, and never seem to leave me bored like so many other RPGs. Its a little on the light-weight side, but its design is very intuitive and to the point, but still presenting a challenge. It has checks and balances against ""min-maxing"", but that's often done simply. The progression system is also simple compared to older RPGs and some modern one (though much more advanced than, say, games like Final Fantasy 13 or World of Warcraft).The story is very nice and inspiring, very melancholy and darkly beautiful. Its like looking through the eyes of an innocent child at a destitute world; that's pretty much the theme throughout. Its more than the sum of its parts in the emotions which it evokes.Its a long-run RPG but ends abruptly, however it still manages to wrap things up nicely. As far as I can tell, there are no end-game quests, no ""ultimate weapons"" to be had, which I find somewhat disapointing. I know there's some things I haven't completed, but I'm not holding my breath for anything like, say Final Fantasy 8's endgame.All in all its a great game, and one of the best of its generation of games (Xbox 360 era till now)."
76561198044218149,Recommended,256290,12282567,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,MrSpanky,Great little game with lots of personality.Clearly cut content in the last levels.Secondary characters could have more screen time and dedicated quests.The sidequests where a good excuse to revisit previuos locations.Some rare difficulty spikes in certain parts should be overcome by dropping difficulty temporarly.
76561198142381191,Recommended,256290,14862227,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Pickle DeGallo,"I don't usually appreciate art and music in a game, but the entire environment here makes for a completely charming game.  The gameplay is quite fun and offers a pretty dynamic combat arc.  I only wish it were longer (about 10 hours of gameplay)."
76561197960426268,Recommended,256290,14863804,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Sevaar1H,"After gaming since a child, on atari and nintendo. I have never come across a more beautifully written game in all of my life. For anyone who enjoys Art, Music, Poetry... all around great game play, this is worth every penny you spend on it. Theres no enough I could say about this game, just get it and you'll see."
,Recommended,256290,10702988,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,timecontroller,"A good game indeed. You'd better not look for ""depths"" in this game. It's just a game with simple mechanics and story (in its lovely verse form), plus an unparalleled setting of audio-visual art. What do you expect? Just enjoy yourself in its beauty while you still can, and perhaps by playing it, you might become able to."
76561198083436737,Recommended,256290,17867743,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Shady J,I just beat this game and I loved it! Well worth the money if you are on the fence.
,Recommended,256290,17878859,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,-Hi,"Child of Light is probably the most beautiful game I've ever played.Just to get this clear most, if not all the negative reviews is because ''Uplay ruined this game'' just seriously, grow up! Ubisoft has made their decision and complaining and hating won't make them change it, so just live with it!Ok, back to the game.You're playing as the character Aurora, the Princess of Light who is trapped in a dream world. Your goal is to get back to your father because he's dying, but getting back won't be as easy as it sounds like. She has to fight multiple bosses, help people out and kill enemies.I love the graphics and gotta admit, Ubisoft really did a good job with this game!If you want a game that has a beautiful soundtrack, beautiful game play and the story... It just feels amazing to play.Just for the love of God, buy this game and don't mind the Uplay, I've completed this game 5 times (3 times w/o wifi so it looks like 2 times w/ my gameplay hours) and I gotta admit that I can't get tired of this game. 10/10 from me!"
76561198005731280,Recommended,256290,24766960,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Scorpias,Every aspect of the game was excellent.
,Recommended,256290,22536755,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,goeywong,"WOW, this game is SO GOOD, the graphics is STUNNING, the ost is AMAZING and the story is PECULIAR but in a POSITIVE way :PBought this game during the last steam sales, just got installed today, and there goes my 3.6hours, I can foresee there will be more hours drowning into this game :DIt's some sort of PUZZLE + JRPG style, mix with ADVENTURE, WORTH EVERY PENNY, definitely must try!"
76561197970755187,Recommended,256290,24768349,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,MGarceau,"Child of Light is a really fantastic Turn-Based RPG.The gameplay is fairly easy to grasp, with a very friendly learning curve and moderate difficulty. Its level design is good - using a standard, classic 2D side-scrolling affair. The paintings for its scenery are really quite beautiful, keeping your eyes interested in what's on screen and always curious to see what's next.If you like 2D Turn Based RPGs, there's a lot to appreciate in Child of Light."
,Recommended,256290,19343049,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,(Savage) Kobayashi Sakoori,"This game is really beautiful, but it got ruined by Uplay. Thanks, Ubisoft."
76561198084578015,Recommended,256290,23998089,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Shiva Omega,I love the soundtrack.
76561198050836783,Recommended,256290,14377389,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Mrromeijn,"This is a story about a game.That is not , unlike FF, lame.Child of Light is the name.And it does deserve fame.It looks like a painting of water.And it played nice without falter.Fights are nice and fun.And not solved with a gun.Turnbased it is, but timed.That is the gold I mined.Companions six I found.One made jokes... underneath. I mean underground. (in game joke)One was about honor.One was a small hodor.One useless, one related.One that shall be hated.One wanted a mouse girl.They all give you a swirl.Moon, stars and sun stolen.And Auroa the well bespoken,She must be the marter.But woe is her father.Will she save the day, the light?Will she hit the thiefs like a meteorite?For the end of this story, the game you must buy.Have fun with it and I bid you a happy goodbye.Horrible poem, written by meRead by you people.Oh and what about Uplay? Do not worry, I had no problems."
,Recommended,256290,15958412,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Bearly Dressed,"This game just flat out awed me and filled me so full of nostalgic feelings for the RPGs I played on my Playstation when I was a young girl. What I love most was the battle system which was a slightly more dynamic version of the turn-based Active Time Battle system used in many older Final Fantasy games. The visuals are beautiful and the story is entertaining and poetic. I thoroughly enjoyed all the different party members and the game's plot.Literally, my only disappointment is I wish this game was longer, because I didn't want it to end so soon. Also, it requires Uplay, a client provided through Ubisoft. Based on other reviews, it appears to be finicky. But I didn't seem to experience any problems with it. Even after I had nearly stopped playing the game for a year and went back to play it again later, I incurred no serious issues with the Uplay service.If you're into RPGs you should definitely give this game a try. And if you're not too familiar with the style of RPGs, don't worry. This game is straight forward, easy to get into and quite intuitive when it comes to controls."
,Recommended,256290,14922970,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Awi.,An absolute piece of art.
,Not Recommended,256290,16391116,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,スコロリと申します,- Cannot skip dialogue- Cannot skip cutscenes- Frequently takes control away from the playerAll my rage!2/10 - Two points for the original visual style.
,Recommended,256290,28253742,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,gecimen,"This review is written over a year after I completed it.Here's why.I used to play a few JRPGs every now and then. I'm not a super fan of the genre, but I love RPGs overall and I don't hate the semi-turn based skill selection combats.But for a good long time I disliked every and each JRPG I played. Bull**** stories, less and less player control each game, tons of text containing only small talk (I love reading long text as long as it's meaningful), and crap controls slowly made me hate the genre.Many recent games that people love, because they love JRPG are IMHO bad games. Bad in every possible meaning except cute graphics.Now, however I've finished Child of Light in a few days. I couldn't stop playing it until it was over. I didn't see why back then, but now I do.This game is smooth. It doesn't take away player control every minute. Combat is really good too.It has a decent story. It's a very classic fairy tale, but it doesn't bother you with bull**** small talk for hours. Both the PCs and NPCs are well designed and make you actually care about them.The graphics are more beautiful than most JRPG.Sidescrolling RPG is a great idea.Music is great, too.All in all even if you aren't into JRPGs, I can't recomment this game enough."
,Recommended,256290,30027384,Posted: 18 February,all,TONS OF DAMAGE,I liked the art n stuffIntersting combat mecanic9/10
,Recommended,256290,30051516,Posted: 19 February,all,becksrar,"With the exception with having to deal with annoying UPlay stuff at the beginning I thoroughly enjoyed this game. The music has stuck with me for days after finishing the game. The story was enjoyable and had a couple surprises. And the gameplay was a lot of fun. It felt well balanced, I never felt like a grind, or like it was too easy or too hard. Lots of fun."
76561198048421698,Recommended,256290,30020492,Posted: 18 February,all,runejoe67,Good looking game
,Recommended,256290,22026669,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Yaag,It's not really Ubisoft standart so I would really recommend this game!A beautiful and fun game!
,Recommended,256290,21241164,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,EnGeeMoon,"Great game! I wasn't expecting to be that good really. The uplay was updated during my playtime and now it works smoothly (login ..etc).The start is slow and felt boring, but after that it begins to take a shape and the fights begins to be very enjoyable by switching between the members and knowing the weakness of each enemy.I also didn't expect I would spend that time with it! I thought it is only a 4-5 hours game! But I was wrong, especially the art is top notch and made me relaxing with the wonderful colours and animations.The dialogs seems chlidish little bit and the expressions of the characters, but it was cute after all. I really have nothing negative agianst it.I highly recommend this game to big children like me! hihihi"
,Recommended,256290,10048185,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,dragon_blade,"Lets get right to the point. does this game use uplay ?  Yes. Does it matter? No.- Art :  First of all right on the title screen i can see a lot of love and care went into this game. Theres a few details i'd like to point out like a giant moving in the background. and There is one point when when you here lightning you can see a afce appear for a few seconds little details like that are what make this game amazing. I hope whoever did the art in this game does many more games in the future.-Sound/music : The sound track is simply amazing i could listen to it for hours on end. My faorite is actually the victory theme to the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYr0a4yb_QII won't talk about just that thoug. When your explaoring the world you get really sucked in listening to the music and looking at the art that its just amazing. Words really can't describe how good it is.-Gamplay : Like any normal jrpg you have as some say a gradian styled turn based battle. each character takes a turn depending on how fast they are. However they made a litle twist to keep it fresh and new. During ""casting time""  if you get attacked and or your enemy get's attacked  you can inturpt the turn flow. how is this usefull ?Some skills have a short , medium , long ,very long casting times.  depending on what the enemy uses you can avoid a really big attack. Also your firefly friend can slow an enemy down which is also really usefull at times.Exploring the world is also like any rpg though i you played metroid you will find it to be more of  metroidvania game then anything which is a good thing who doesn't like metroidvania games?- Overall : To all you uplay haters your missing out on a great game. It deserves to be played by all. If your a fan of rpgs in general pick it up. You will not be disapointed."
76561198062547462,Recommended,256290,13976915,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Azzul,Let's cut to the chase on this one. Child of Light is a beautiful game with some of the best art style I've ever seen. The combat system is a little tricky at first but you'll get the hang of it after a while. The RPG leveling system as well as the item crafting options are a great addition to the game. The only downside to this game is it's lack of mutiplayer and a disappointing co-op. Would I recommend this game? Absolutely!Gameplay: 10/10Graphics: 10/10Story: 8/10Mutiplayer/Co-op: 4/10
76561198053236080,Recommended,256290,16093583,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,The 42nd Doctor,"This game is just..wow. Ten out of Ten.Would totally fight ogres and dragons again.Beautiful music, wonderful artand a tale told in rhyme that warms up your heart.The combat's dynamic; lots of fun to be hadthis game is amazing, though this rhyme's pretty bad."
76561198319870385,Recommended,256290,24531495,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,frayab24,I absolutely love this game. The graphics are amazing.
76561198055475957,Recommended,256290,14912882,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mini ghost,This game is very fun an intersting. it's more of playable work of art then a game. even the way the characters speak is like a poem
,Recommended,256290,14295414,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Frej,"This is like playing a dream, a wonderful  dream that you dont want to wake from. visuals are like a mother's soothing voice. and the music can be as warm as a summers day or as wrathful as jupiter's Lightining.  I wholeheartedly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,256290,13922179,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Lewis,"I love the artwork and the game play, very refreshing! my money's worth"
,Recommended,256290,14008407,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,【=◈︿◈=】,"Very good, simple, JRPG, with a unique battle mechanic that keeps it interesting. Don't play casual difficulty unless you had some traumatic brain injury."
,Recommended,256290,29174497,Posted: 10 January,all,guilhermeof,10/10 game
,Recommended,256290,26976351,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aramax,"As I was browsing the games searching for titles to nominate for all those awards for The Steam Awards nomination I kept seeing Child of Light logo... everytime it reminded me of how unique this game is. The setting, the story, the artistry, the game mechanics... I can't think of a more unique game other than Child of Light... Sunless sea would come as a close second.Truely the dreamiest game ever created."
,Recommended,256290,23778653,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,EarthShark,"this game soo artistic its wonderfully made, well done UBISOFT      besides your stupid UPLAY"
,Not Recommended,256290,28567982,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Loxymoxy,I just kept waiting for the gameplay to get interesting or the story to suck me in and then the game ended.The ending was abrupt storywise and really unsatisfying imo.Repetitive and monotonous gameplay.
,Recommended,256290,13115501,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Karrabba,"Child of Light is pretty much the best thing to happen to RPG's since Final Fantasy VII (or VI, if that's your favorite).  Just buy it and play it... and then buy the soundtrack, because trust me, you'll want to.  I'll be adding this gem to the list of gaming experiences i will never ever forget."
,Recommended,256290,23867116,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,POTATO™,One of the best games I've played !! 10/10 ! Totally worth the money !
76561198064893541,Recommended,256290,32867574,Posted: 27 June,all,Nuroshi,"I love this game, I love its characters, I love its music, I love thqat everything has to rhyme.It's a beautiful game"
,Recommended,256290,14605366,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,j0hannes,"One of the best, maybe even the best game I've completed. It's worth playing over and over just because the ending song. Underrated game that deserves more players. Everything look so good, storyline is good, combat is good, everything is good. I feel sad because I completed it but at the same time I'm so happy that I got that game. Worth the money, time and effort."
,Recommended,256290,18393389,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,x0nex,"*This game requires Uplay third party downloaded.**I played this on another account, so my hours on Steam aren't accurate.*Level0ne CuratorChild of LightScoreCommentsGameplay7The controls of Child of Light were fair but felt clunky as a platformer. Flying was fun until I had to navigate smaller spaces, in which I found I was often crashing the sides and hurting myself. I didn’t so much enjoy the battles, as they got a bit repetitive. It's a platformer with RPG stats, but I found I wasn't interested in the stats. Also the Oculli crafting system felt rushed with some chance buffs not that helpful in battle.Story8I liked moments of the story, but wasn’t completely enthralled. I liked the idea of the story being told in a rhyme, but eventually I was cringing at it. Perhaps a better story could’ve been told without the nursery rhymes constricting it.Graphics10I really enjoyed the graphics of Child of Light. I found it was beautiful to look at, and while flying around the art and environment was wonderful. It felt very much like a children’s storybook and the art style looked hand painted.Audio9.5I really enjoyed the soundtrack to this game. The music here really set the mood at the appropriate moments. The sounds in the game were fitting and often guided/alerted me when I was begrudgingly entering battle.Replayability3While it was a relatively fun game to play, I can’t see myself continuing to maximize my character’s stats/abilities any further, let alone replaying the game again. With a decent story and gameplay, I have no wishes to return to Lemuria.Overall7.5Child of Light set me in a beautiful place called Lemuria. The music added to the tranquil beauty. But the controls felt awkward at times, though didn’t hinder me too much. I want to love the story, but unfortunately I couldn’t get passed the rhyming.More reviews by OneGame Soundtrack on YouTubehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6KcYN0A5LY"
,Recommended,256290,15609727,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Cerenzio,"Amazeballs, DO play with a second player."
,Recommended,256290,13961006,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,TugBoet,"I recommend this game but with a caveat.  Let's get the negative out of the way immediately.Combat.It is an interesting system that has more depth than anticipated and it works very very well for much of the game.  As the difficultly and story progresses you become handcuffed by it.  I believe this could be rectified by allowing for a third friendly combatant even if only for the second act.  Some party members are simply so specialized they are swapped in for one turn then back out but often times this simply serves to extend some of the more lengthy combat segments later in the game.  It nearly soured me on the entire title but the overwhelmingly positive experience in the rest of the game saves that.  Be warned of this, combat will become tedious and repetitive water beats fire, lightning beats water, rock paper scissors gameplay.  The debuff and buff mechanics tend to fall by the wayside do to the need to swap out characters when simply pouring out damage will suffice.  A missed opportunity.Let me cover another aspect of this game that is (for me) a HUGE positive.  If you have small children as I do who constantly want to help and take part in your game time, the ability for a second player to control your firefly companion is amazing.  My kids LOVED lighting him up to heal my fighters or making bad guys duck.  They loved lighting him up to unlock the unfortunately simple puzzles found throughout.  This alone will make me revisit this game over and over in the future.As so many reviewers have mentioned the art, music, and thematic elements are really superb.  It is incredibly easy to dive into this game and become enraptured by your surroundings and the surreal feel of playing through a daydream the game evokes.  That combined with overall solid gameplay and story save it from the somewhat troublesome combat issues mentioned.  It is truly a beautiful and memorable game.  It's style will stay with you for a long time."
76561198047008556,Recommended,256290,14890336,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,susluv,Mahou shoujo  in a french way. Ubi ARt is a boss.
,Recommended,256290,14728373,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Phantom,"Child of Light capture the essence of a classic JRPG and refines it with a fresh coat of modern polish. The art design and audio is gorgeous, the combat is simple and fun, with no ultra-complicated busywork to get in the way, and the characters are charming. It's a brief visit, and one that suffers from an occasionally repetitive formula, but the beautiful art, smart battle system and endearing storytelling make it absolutely worth your time.9/10"
,Recommended,256290,15757425,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Seija,"You cry,I cry,Everybody cry,Bye-Bye...  25/10 glad it caught my eye."
,Recommended,256290,10046447,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Dragon of the West,"Wow, just beat this amazing game last night and it moved me so much as a person that I owe UbiArt a review.Right out of gate, I want to comment on Uplay. This game (as with other ubisoft games) requires the installation of Uplay, which is a game launcher that runs outside of steam. Every time you play it does make you log in to Uplay, and while some view this as the biggest annoyance in the world, I honestly don't mind Uplay and barely notice it anymore. Now that I have this covered I will break down the rest of the game in readable chunks.Menu Interface - 9 - I played the game with a controller pad, and found everything accessible, my only minor complaint is in the crafting screen where it can get frustrating to remove gems.Open World Interface - 10 - Playing outside of combat is a thing of beautiful and fluid experience, not once did I feel like Aurora or Igneous was not an extension of myself. Exploration and loot gathering is well paced, and still offers a challenge for those completionists out there. Puzzles and open world dangers offer complexity and can require fluid control, but did not frustrate me or deter my desire to explore. Engaging combat is controllable, and the few times I was ambushed by a well placed enemy it was honestly fun.Combat Interface - 9 - Turn based combat has a nostalgic grab for me personally, and I can say Child of Light does it right. The default combat speed gradually introduces you to the flow of combat, and once you feel you have it locked down you can up the speed for a more seamless experience with quicker progression. My only wish is that I could have a third party member on the board during combat. UbiArt made up for this by allowing on the fly member switching, but I still felt like combat would have been more dynamic with a third member on the board, that said the use of Igneous as support was executed beautifully.Story - 8 - The story of Aurora is enticing and tugged at my heart strings. Her journey through the fantastical world Lumaria expresses personal growth and paints vivid a picture of the pain involved with growing up. While Aurora’s story felt deep and heartfelt, I found myself wanting more depth behind the support characters in addition to their small side quests.Visuals - 10 - I took so many screenshots during my first playthrough I lost count. This game is a testament to how great side scrolling (semi 3D) games can look. Countless times I found myself saying how great the game looked out loud to myself, my girlfriend, or through social media.Audio - 9 - Visuals are important and most gamers put an emphasis on “graphics” as their point of reference to game quality. I am of the opinion that visuals and audio work hand in hand, and Child of Light uses its music to create an immersive atmosphere that compliments its visuals like a twin sibling. My only gripe is that some of the sound effects can get loud and in a few instances became slightly irritating to the point where I turned down the volume. Aside from this small pet peeve, I could not possibly express how touching and appropriate the music is, and has found a place in my playlists.I could not be happier with my purchase of this game. I was excited to play it months ago, and it has surpassed every expectation I had. Any fan of RPG’s, music, art, and well told stories will enjoy what Child of light brings to the table. I hope this review helps any who are on the fence decide to give this game a shot, you will not be disappointed."
76561198085176672,Recommended,256290,10090029,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,PsychoActive,"This game is by far one of the most unique and engaging games i have ever played. Words cannot describe my loving for this game, its so different and not something you see in todays gaming. One of the best choices i have ever made."
76561198089785939,Recommended,256290,10109563,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Tabs,"The feeling you get from finishing a book and parting with characters you've grown to hold dear, that is what I experienced upon completing Child Of Light. I have never experienced this so strongly from a game until now. Child of Light is a beautifully crafted platform RPG game's with a FF styled combat system. I could not have asked for a more perfect combination of art, story and combat design. This game has easily become one of my top, each character given depth and background. the puzzles are interesting, satisfying and don't leave you frustrated for hours before you google the answer. The poetic dialogue adds to this games charm, making it overall a magical experience."
,Recommended,256290,10199701,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,SPOOKHUNT,"This game is wonderful. Whimsical and fanciful, I'd highly suggest trying this game out. The music is lovely, the graphics are gorgeous, and the fact the dialogue is in playful rhymes adds to the atmosphere of the game.It is quite easy to play. At first I thought you'd have multiple puzzles to solve but they were almost too easy to get through. However the story, the music, and the art was more than enough to make up for it."
,Recommended,256290,10351034,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,RomanImp,"Beautifully executed all around. My only complaint is that it's too short. We need more games like this, and it is an absolute joy to see big names like Ubisoft producing such whimsical games."
76561198086256813,Recommended,256290,10407264,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,pepsi adminstrator man,"Don't get thrown off by the amount of DLC, this is a great game. If you've enjoyed the first or second Paper Mario or South Park: Stick of Truth or anything in the Mario and Luigi series, this is the game for you. Great graphics, music, and gameplay, and really cheap too for just $15.00."
76561198054022156,Recommended,256290,10781232,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,propman92,"This was a fantastic game. Beautiful art style, gorgeous soundtrack, and such a sweet, simple story. The gameplay was a total throwback to the classic RPGs that I played growing up, and I loved it. I'd highly recommend this game to anyone who loves a good RPG"
,Recommended,256290,10842528,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Voidness,Best game I've played this year. It's a kind of mix between Limbo's platform style and Braid's painting style in a fantastic JRPG adventure.
,Recommended,256290,10884915,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bon,"Great game overall, love the art style and i'm hooked on the combat system. The music is also a thumbs up from meThe crafting system is also very addictive, although somewhat repetitive"
,Recommended,256290,10959563,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MultiDarkZen,"This game is amazing, the story is pretty good, nice turn based *RPG*  the narrator also has a nice voice as well, and you can freely fly like a little BIRDY the graphics are also very amazing with it's paint like art style really pretty game-"
,Recommended,256290,11587078,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Ares,"Child of Light has an extraodinary and unique gameplay experience, but most noticeably is renowned for its beautiful arts, compelling storyline and euphoric music. I most definitely recommend this for the eyes who enjoy the pure beauty of genius water-coloured enviroments and tranquil soundtrack to indulge into, but also the exhilarating fights you face. Most definitely a 10/10 for me."
,Recommended,256290,12483675,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,[HFY] CreatureCoby,One of the best games I have ever played
76561198116220047,Recommended,256290,12495846,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Sladewins,"Played this with my four year old.  It was great since he could control a light that just floated around and opened things.  Great art syle, entertaining story/prose, more in depth combat than I was expecting.  I thought it was well worth the price.  Only negative is that it uses Uplay."
,Recommended,256290,12575696,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Raggamuffin,"Come for the simple, yet fun, combat and stay for the beautiful vistas.  If you like RPGs and don't have an unspeakable hatred against rhyming you should play this game.8/10Playtime: 13h"
76561197972416786,Recommended,256290,12593074,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Leo,"Absolute gorgeous game! music, artwork and story all have amazing creativity. talk about eye candy. this game really is a stunning work of art."
76561198055648480,Recommended,256290,12719286,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Daedalus223,"If you are looking for a game that is absolutely beautiful just buy this game, everything about this game is touching, from the music to the art style to the deceptively simple combat. So in conclusion if you like RPG's just get this game, get it now."
,Recommended,256290,12732936,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,dubstep,"Bueatiful Game, graphics are very genuine and the soundtrack is amazing! The rhyming is very rich also, only 1 problem, There isn't a steam background for it! Lol"
76561197991717166,Recommended,256290,13375422,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,haytkir,"This game is incredibly beautiful. The art, music and story are all inspiring.Game play involves a standard RPG style system. If you've played any version of a Final Fantasy game then you will be right at home with Child of Light's game play. Elemental damage/resistance, gem crafting to be slotted in equipment and basic skill trees all serve to give you some level of customization without becoming too complicated.The system and story all make for a beautiful and inspiring introduction to RPGs for a casual gamer or children. For everyone else, it is a calm meditation as one becomes lost in the beauty and travails of lost Lemuria."
76561198095396874,Recommended,256290,30512528,Posted: 14 March,all,Pearl,"Beautiful game, fun battle sequences and gameplay mechanics.  It is true that the story isn't incredibly deep or heart-wrenching, but I think this goes well with the fairy tale theme.  Overall, I really loved this game and played it through twice completely.  Would recommend for someone looking for a light-hearted, unique and entertaining game."
76561197985256775,Recommended,256290,21233941,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Pomurnik,"Amazing adventure time playing with my little ""Princess of Lemuria""."
76561198035811518,Recommended,256290,10006511,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Kritekh,"Child of Light. The story of a girl trying to find her way home, while fulfilling a destiny unbeknownst to her. That is the precipice of the story, as for the gameplay. Imagine South Park: Stick of Truth, but with a way larger skill tree and the ability to fly. Half the game is putting the beat down on deadly enemies, the other half is exploring the extensive world that this game offers. It's putting many AAA RPG games to shame.Between the story, incredible art style, the interesting RPG elements and the poetic conversation pieces, this game get's an 8 and a half/10. It would have been better had the DLC's been worthwhile and had it not gone through UPlay in order to play but all in all, one of my new favourite RPG's."
76561198028452438,Recommended,256290,10256952,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Gbbrs,Hands down the best game I've played high. I had to take a break to remember I wasn't really in Lemuria!
76561198040928441,Recommended,256290,10174660,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,MapleHero,"Once again Ubisoft creates a breathtaking game filled with joy, teras, plot twist and a happy ending. Child of Light has made its way onto my personal favorites. It combines final fantasies turn based battle system and beautiful artwaork into an action packed adventure. This game is filled with tons of battles that make you rethink your party. I would recommend this to anyone."
76561198027880616,Recommended,256290,10102433,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,qikink,"A noble entry, worthy of mention, Child of Light defies convention. The turn based combat hearkens back, to those RPG's of days gone by, but old meets new when white meets black, the dark betrayals may make you  cry. So set aside, your other choices, take this ride, heed these voices."
76561198022588184,Recommended,256290,9999737,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,TheArtofRawr,Glorious. An achievement for the medium of gaming. Best served local Co-op.
,Recommended,256290,10061679,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,tecHare25,The story totally reminds me of a fairytale. The game has amazing art and music. The battle interface is interactive and totally a different thing. Totally worth every penny!
,Recommended,256290,10195076,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Kaze,واحد من الالعاب التي انسحرت بجمال عالمها و بجمال رسومها و بجمال مسيقتها، واحدة من الالعاب التي اعتبرها قطعة فنية للذين يسعون وراء الاعمال الفنية الرائعة.القصة جدا بسيطة ولكن اسلوب التقديم و العرض يعتبر احد عوال نجاح هذه اللعبة، استخدام الشعر و السجع في سرد تلك الاحداث و التعبير عن الاحاسيس جعلني متسمرا امام هذه الشاشة لساعات طويلة اترقب اي حوار او سرد لقصة.الشخصيات جدا متنوعة و معها تعيش اللحظة، ليس من التوقع ان تكون تلك الشخصيات عميقة ولكنها سترسخ في البال.اسلوب اللعب متنوع ما بين البلاتفورمنق و الترن بيس، فالقتال رائع في التقديم و بسيط التنفيذ ولكن هذا لا يسلب التحدي منه، فاللعب قدمت تحدياً مقبول و يمكنك رفع مستوى الصعوبة اذا اردت.في الختام اوصي كل محبي العاب الار بي جي باقتناء هذه اللعبة القطعة الفنية.
76561197970765115,Recommended,256290,10292165,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,goldentoad,"Really liked this game.    It's beautiful, sometimes sad, sometimes cute... but it always flows, never grinds which is the key.    It's not long to finish, but it's priced very well for what it gives.  Other people like the combat.   Combat and the talent trees are easy to get the hang of it.   Crafting is a little more experiment and learn.   And put together there's a lot of choice.   On the other hand, the game is less challenging in terms of puzzles and combat if you're looking for that...it's pretty easy to never die.   But, this is really about moving and flowing through beautiful and changing scenery and characters and a tragic but still uplifting storyline (compared to the grindingly depressing ""Banner Saga"").     Plus your situation as Aurora is emotional and interesting and a fair bit different than the usual video game fare."
76561197970522379,Recommended,256290,10557044,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Lafours,excellent turn based combat in the vein of Grandia!
,Recommended,256290,10669991,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Qo'kh,"Amazing design and beautiful graphics paired with ethereal music give this game a delicate, airy atmosphere that is absolutely stunning. Overall it is a gorgeous game that is definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,256290,10745429,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ZDamned,"This is an absolutly breath taking RPG with great rewards for exploration. Take your time and enjoy the amazing hand drawn graphics, and let the world just wash over your thoughts as you play through. The combat is turn based, and the game feels solid to controll with both a controller or Mouse/Keyboard. Though the Mouse lends itself better the the right analog stick while you utilize your Firefly Companion.For $15, this game is a must have."
,Recommended,256290,10827729,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,rapid squat clapping,"If you're thinking about it, do it. It's a very simple JRPG- linear story/path- 8 Characters + DLC with 3 Skill trees each and set ""classes""/niches- turned based battle, 2 party vs. 3 monster with time bar thing for turns- very simple, still very customizable augmenting- minimal inventory management (just pots)but it's very ""open"" in the sense that there's no waypoints, minimaps, or directions. Usually there's only one way to go, but you stay in very big maps that are kinda easy to get lost in. Hidden treasures are plenty.Most of the difficulty is in battles. You get a little sprite/Navi like thing for your mouse (kinda like Super Mario Galaxy) that opens chests, does puzzles, and ""stuns"" enemies so touching them won't trigger a battle on the map. In battle, you use it to slow (a single) enemy, and heal yourself. He has his own energy bar. This, along with being able to rotate party members instantly during battle + gem customization + timing your actions to cause interrupts (attacking an enemy during the red part of the bar) means if you're good enough you can do fights without every getting attacked.Higher skillcap than an average JRPG fight, much more active.Art and music are beautiful and probably worth the game alone. The script is very childish. Everything rhymes (it's kinda cute), very poetic. Sometimes a little cheesy, in a funny way.Story reminds me a little of Bastion - where you're curious as to what happened and the characters all have backgrounds that make you want to learn more, but this game's not the most story driven.Just good combat, very engaging but not stressful play, and a relaxing artstyle.Do it.The only downside really is that you need UPlay. Glhf awful game.Actual annoying parts though - while there's saveslots, there's also no save button and it's all autosave. I'm a save every 30 seconds kinda guy so it bugs me a little. But it autosaves really often (there's a spinning circle in the bottom right). Also, it's hard to gauge a sense of progress. There's a worldmap, but it only shows places you've been to and you don't really know where they are). The game is subdivided into Chapters but I don't know how many there are.DLC is okay - I don't really like the skins. Haven't done the character one yet though."
76561198058888539,Recommended,256290,10952434,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,all_american_arsonist,"I've only played 10hrs of this game but I quickly fell in love with it.Child of light is one of those rare games that is truly a work of art that you both create and experience.  It is a classic RPG full of story and fantasy.  If you want to suspend your disbelief and dive into a farytale that you play then you will have an amazing experience.  If you're just looking for a mindless game to kill some time I suggest looking elswere.  I don't think this is a game for everyone but traditonal RPG fans, as well as anyone who appreciates good art and storytelling will enjoy it."
76561198102377084,Recommended,256290,10959307,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Beast2403,"A good place to start for anyone new to the rpg genre. The game has wonderful imagery and the atmosphere is set well. The combat system is similar to the active time battle system in older final fantasy games, with a few twists. Also the game has a touch of 2d side scrolling as you explore the world you're in. The game isn't too short, but it is easy, so if you want a challenge with your RPG then stick the difficulty up to expert. Replay value comes in the form of a New Game + mode after you finish, which keeps your skills and Occuli from your save file, in return for harder opponents.In short for the price this is a really well made rpg, and if you're curious about the genre and whether you would like this give it a shot. As a major rpg fan, I can definitly recommend this title."
,Recommended,256290,10961263,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Space_Goats,Best game I've played this year. Don't skip over this because of U-play. 10/10 would play as ginger princess again.
76561197970664493,Recommended,256290,11384526,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Sno,"If you're an RPG fan then you must play this game! It has turn based fighting, skill customization, platformer like travel, lots of characters to fight with, interesting creatures to fight, amazing music that really sets the mood for the storyline which is also very compelling. You will not rergret it!"
,Recommended,256290,12274011,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,eggbebe,"This is probably the single most beautiful game I have ever played in my life! The only thing I have to say in critique is that I iwsh it was a longer game. I want more games like this one in my life, seriously. I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves a game with a elaborate and mysterious story, a gorgeous art style and dialogue (which is totally unique), and a wonderful soundtrack."
76561198050498370,Recommended,256290,10078509,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,wellknownq8,Amazing Art + Great Music + interesting Gamplay + Good Strory = Master Piece
76561197972918580,Recommended,256290,10087800,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Stalbon,"I cannot recommend this game enough!  From the painted backdrops, to the poetic dialogue, to the characters large and small,  everything in this game is a hand-crafted work of love.  In addition, the exploration and combat are almost exactly like Grandia II, a game which I still consider one of the best, and of having the best combat system in an RPG I've yet to play.My only qualm about Child of Light is that the end comes about a bit abruptly.  As such, you may require a second playthrough to do all of the additional side quests, but that's not really a takeaway when the game is so beautiful and poignant."
76561198045495276,Recommended,256290,10826292,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Shin,"""Beware the night, Child of Light.""One of the aesthetically vibrant, turn-based rpg game one can play. The complexity of gem crafting and proper turn exection may look simple yet its subtleness and the flow of the actual gameplay is astounding. Every place, dimension, and sceneries are a definite sight to behold.Most of its puzzles are simple and self-explanatory, however, the game makes up for its interesting style of battle sequence, becuase it forces you to take advantage of situation everytime you face an enemy.There are many ways of building your character. Ranging from skill trees to varieties of gem, the game easily reflects the result of how effective the builds are against enemies. So one should be mindful and carefully learn all the necessary factors because the game can be quite challenging even if it is in normal mode.Amazing graphics, unique yet complex battle mechanic, and great character development, what more a person can want? Therefore, this game is perfect for Final Fantasy lovers, players that are looking for a change of pace, and especially those that are obssessed in the quality of graphics (including me).P.S. 3 Princess Stones equipped to Aurora = OP"
76561198135022660,Recommended,256290,10893304,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,_Pwncakes_,This game's absolutely captivating. The art direction is gorgeous and fluid while the music provides a rich atmosphere in which to play. The story is wonderfully told and the quirky characters are incredibly lovable! Not to mention the gameplay puts a new spin on the classic turn-based battle. I'm absolutely in love with Child of Light!
,Recommended,256290,11107356,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,rubyredriots,"I'd been in a gaming slump for a few months after busting my skyrim disc and I happened upon this game and immediately fell in love.  The rhyimg seems a little strange at first, but it grew on me and I think it really gives the game character. I love the art and I'm constantly wanting to see what the next place will look like, but at the same time I'm torn by wanting to fully explore every location.It's definitely a must-play."
,Recommended,256290,11942807,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Skelefox,"Beautiful story and graphics, and the gameplay is customizable. You can't ask for more. Has options for both casual gamers and challenge seekers.  A nice easy, light game without too much stress or brain power required. Great to share/play with kids too."
76561198044437800,Recommended,256290,10589126,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,zealousduck,"This game is a lot of things... but in a word: Delightful.I went in to this game expecting it to be an easy, story-driven game. After all, the poetic dialogue and beautiful artwork do a lot to give the impression of a casual, almost-childish game.What I did not expect was a refreshingly new (and actually somewhat difficult) combat system. Of all the RPGs I've played, the battle system in Child of Light is one of my favorites. Admittedly, the remaining RPG elements are simplified: Stats are gained solely through levels and stat-pumping items, and each character has 3 armor ""slots"" for various gems. The customization is a little limited in that respect, but I think that to be appropriate given the semi-casual nature of the game.Of course, there's an easy mode (which I do NOT recommend) for those who just want the story.tl;dr - Good artwork, music, nice spin on RPG gameplay, 4.5/5. Would recommend."
,Recommended,256290,10953652,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,:3c,"This game was amazing! The art, music, sounds, and storyline were all great. I couldn't keep myself away from it. :) Great game all around."
76561198025077295,Recommended,256290,10880539,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,keib,"Altamente recomendable, visualmente impresionante y con una banda sonora envolvente. La jugabilidad es simple pero no por ello se hace pesado o aburrido.La dificultad no llega a ser un reto en el modo casual pero si lo suficiente para no sentir que no tienes que pensar los movimientos.Es un juego realmente no te arrepientes de comprar ya que se disfruta tanto en jugabilidad (Difiere sustancialmente de la mayoria de juegos actuales) como en historia, la cual si bien no da grandes giros, su universo, dialogos y personajes atrapan lo suficiente para mantenerte enganchado.Algo negativo a destacar es que debes instalar uplay por narices lo cual crea en primer lugar el doble sistema de logue y logros y por otra parte imposibilita compartir el juego con el sistema de Steam Family.Aparte es practicamente necesario jugar a nueva partida+ si quieres llegar a nivel máximo y conseguir varias de las mejores gemas, algo practicamente obligatorio para los fans de los RPG clásicos.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Highly recommended, visually stunning and a marvelous soundtrack. The gameplay is simple but not boring nor repetitive.The difficulty does not become a challenge in casual mode but is enough to feel you have to think about the plays.It's a game that really you won't regret to buy, because both gameplay (differs substantially from most current games) and history ( which is a common one but his universe, dialogues and characters attract enough to keep playing. ) is highly enjoyable.One negative part is that you must install Uplay, that first creates twice login and achievements systems (ubisoft and steam ofc) and otherwise its impossible to share the game with Steam Family.Moreover is necessary play new game + if you want to reach the highest level and get more of the best gems, and that is practically mandatory for classic RPG fans (or hardcore players XD)."
76561197968540096,Recommended,256290,13728912,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,doughless,"This game is simple, yet extremely elegant and beautiful. I really enjoyed the rhyming dialog, and the music and artwork are incredible. Even though the publisher is Ubisoft and requires UPlay, this game is definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,256290,14933716,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Jav1,I got it on sale. This game is pure magic.
,Recommended,256290,10993311,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,purity,gosh this game is pretty
76561198056921152,Recommended,256290,29329290,Posted: 17 January,all,natalie1205,beautiful and immersive
,Not Recommended,256290,18361277,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Phatz4ever,"My Rating: 4/10 /There are better.TL:DR Nice visual, bogged down by generic gameplay and forgetable characters.The Good:Interesting graphicsLots of ryhming giving the game a truely child like feel to itSound track is pretty strongThe Bad:The story line is simple and not memorable due to it's simplicityNew areas are kept simple and very little back story is givenRhyming can make the story less clearThe Ugly:Battle system is horrific. A lot of special abilities do LESS then your basic attackThe ""gem"" system of the game is badly unbalancedNo incentive to level up other characters if their basic attack doesn't do good damageCharacters are too flat, even for a simple story"
,Not Recommended,256290,18552275,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Pier,"Meh. Ubisoft passing as an indie developer with lots of art budget. Personally I didn't like the vibe, and found it boring. I think the game would have benefitted if they had invested less in art, and more in making an interesting gameplay."
76561197986669404,Not Recommended,256290,18479611,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,f0rks,"Storyline: 6/10It's interesting and evokes some feels, but it's not anything that would incite any intense emotions.Gameplay: 7/10The combat system is simplistic for those who don't want to think too much, but also quite in-depth for those who want to get down and dirty. Every character has his own niche and are all good in their own rights. They all have their individual skill trees that will increase their stats and unlock new abilities. There are also gems in the game that serve as equipment for your party members, and they can be combined into newer and stronger gems.Graphics: 7/10The background is pretty cool, drawn in a free flowing, paint brush style. There's nothing really super flashy or impressive in the characters and animations, but there are also very few eyesores.Content: 2/10This is the biggest selling point, or lack thereof. I personally finished the first playthrough of the game in about 15 hours, and this includes a moderate amount of grinding and looting (both can be skipped). The game is too easy; there are autosaves at literally everything you do, enter a door, beat an enemy, open a chest, etc etc. There are no penalties for death, if you can even manage that; one can heal up to full HP/MP at any point in the game with the help of Igniculus and wishes. There's also a new game+ option, but this is farily trivial, as it is easier than the first playthrough. XP gains are boosted, causing all characters to be fairly overleveled have most of the important skills when they are needed. After beating the second playthrough, the game doesn't get any harder, so trying to beat the game a third time will only result in one hitting most enemies along the way. I was pretty hyped to be able to max out all of the characters and gems (which is actually pretty time consuming), only to realize that there's nothing to use my powered up party members on.Overall, not recommended if you want a long term investment like an in-depth RPG. It was entertaining while it lasted though."
,Not Recommended,256290,18512747,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Count Zero,The art is wonderful however the gameplay is incredible dull. I am fine with turn based rpgs but the party limitations are just bad and reduced the effectiveness of most of the party wide status effects. Has an amuzing twist in the attack cancels however the story is not all that interesting and the battles grow boring quickly.
76561198089749320,Not Recommended,256290,18796388,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,tekki,"Child Of Light (COL) is a farming game, basically what you do is, level up your character untill a certain point. fight enemy - win. theres not much strategy or gameplay to this,the story is the typical princesss fairy tale plot, everything is predictable down to the twist. the characters are als one dementional mainly due to limitations from the dialoguethe game is well polished and ive not experienced any bugs, it looks beautiful and has a certain charmhowever as a whole, a rather disappointing and while it had much promise, it was never achieved."
,Not Recommended,256290,18518196,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Cloudee ☁,"Okay. I have to admit, Child of Light was great, yes. However, I am stuck on Chapter 5, with the manual wheel. I can't do anything about it, it won't move as much as I want it to. I'd give it a yes on reccomendantion if it would just work. I don't want to restart 2 hours of gameplay because of that."
,Not Recommended,256290,18808058,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,andy,"Beautiful aesthetics, and the children's storybook idea. Liked the mechanics at first and the ability to skip combat. Hated only having 2 characters at a time in combat, too much swapping.  Got a little bit too much battle-story book prose-battle, needs something else."
76561198004145760,Not Recommended,256290,17591619,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Avenger8,Really not that challenging. Felt pretty repetitive after a while.
,Recommended,256290,15663477,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Winstontaneous,"Child of Light is a family-friendly game that is written all in rhyme, designed to be played as 2-players side by side (so parents, maybe this is how you enjoy games with your kids rather than shooing them from the room so you can play Saint's Row - or worse, letting them stay in the room with you and play all your M-rated titles)At best, CoL is a beautiful combination of painting and poetry, which can teach young players some basic platforming and turn-based RPG elements, with a competent adult actually doing the playing, the little player 2 can enjoy the narrative and do a few things that are much needed, once they are shown the way.As an adult, playing it by yourself, will you enjoy it as much? Well, probably not, which isn't to say it's a bad game, after all, you will be able to see how much work has gone into making this game, and while it may be simple, well that's all the more credit to it, it's a smart design and it doesn't overcomplicate things.Just, do not, I repeat, do not, under any circumstances, buy oculi. I bought the entire bundle of them along with all the other micro-transacion DLC, but without really knowing why. I guess it's just something we're used to seeing from AAA game devs, and we've been letting them get away with it. (I bought the game and DLC on sale though, otherwise I wouldn't have had even a passing interest in this based on other peoples' reviews that all gripe about Uplay.)So what are oculi, then? Well, they are gems, that go into sockets on your weapons and armor, each having a small stat benefit, and they are craftable within 3 tiers. They drop in the game as well, so if you don't buy them, don't worry, you get them included in the game already, and for the price of a couple dollars for 3-4 of them, really, you can't let yourself get ripped off like that. It's not like you have to seek out the hardest difficulty setting, there is a casual mode, and really, that's the only way I think it should be played, so you can enjoy it for what it is, and put the evil ""Corporate Commander"" EA / Ubisoft, out of your mind.Pros:- Painted beautiful artifacts in the game, back to front- Simple, but logical puzzles and turn-based RPG combat- Gem crafting is straightforward (It's a good thing to have in the game, not a good thing to be nickle and dimed to death over)- The game's entirely written in poem, so while cheesy, it can produce entertainmentCons:- The Golem and other DLC are BEYOND DOUBT content that was supposed to already be in the game, but was gouged out to make more DLC microtransactions- Uplay can be invasive, especially if you don't have a bunch of Ubisoft games (I don't) and CoL will not launch from steam, so Uplay has to be running and you have to have an account- Some people reported bugs and lost save data from Uplay, I have not as yet had it happen to me.Final Verdict7/10 - The gameplay is solid, if simple. The creators of the game put a lot of time, effort and talent into producing this game, it's just such a shame that their work is tainted by the greedy actions of corporate cronies pulling at our pursestrings.TL:DRChild of Light good, Ubisoft bad."
,Recommended,256290,12489602,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,🎮🎵Panthera Pardus[TWM]🎵,"Fun, Emotional, Fantastic, Beautiful. These are a few words that came to me while playing this title."
,Recommended,256290,13422274,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,DonGurke,If you like fairy tales you'll sure like this game. I know what I'm talking about cause I certainly did.
76561198020474036,Recommended,256290,13536187,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,i^2,"""What is love known by?""""When it hurts to say goodbye.""This game is beautiful. It is quite possibly one of my favorite games. A true faery tale."
,Recommended,256290,13773154,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Frances Picard,"Awesome environment, awesome background music, awesome gameplay (with fluid animations)If you want more reward points for your Uplay account, then buy this game. This game will give you more reward points than other Ubisoft game (more than 500 points)I had no single issues when playing this game through Uplay"
,Recommended,256290,10024024,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,KING DADDY,Really enjoying this game so far! One of the games I seemed to be more excited than others for. Totally worth 15 dollars! Game is 10-15 hours it seems depending on how you play and the speed of battles. Overall I  would give this game an 8.5 only because it can get boring with the simplicity of the fights. But that is with many rpg games.
76561198104120145,Recommended,256290,10035971,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,jd5team,"I honestly really enjoy this game. The beginning is a little annoying when you are getting used to the controls and the timing (everything seems to move in slow motion due to ""dream world"") but after a while its no problem. There are a ton of really awesome mechanics that make the game more fun and not a run of the mill turn based game. Combat has a timing element, with a window for ""casting"" (basically when your preparing your attack) and you can interupt enemies while they are casting which essentially skips them. You can slow down your enemies with your firefly companion so you can skip ahead of them. There are also attack types like in pokemon with light being strong against dark, water against fire, etc. that adds to the mix. Overall, for the price, I would say this game is really good. Something that gets old is the constant rhyming in dialogue, but thats just my opinion. It does not ruin the game, it just gets on my nerves. I would say the depth of story and the cool mechanics more than compensates for annoying dialogue. Overall I'd give it 8.5/10"
,Recommended,256290,12381494,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Hayworth! (✿◠‿◠),Art and games. Games and art. Never separately. Never just a game.
76561198049165337,Not Recommended,256290,18381858,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,talt,"Surprise, surprise but my review have nothing to do with Uplay.The reason I'm downvoting this game is because of several bugs I encountered.1. Each dialog skips 3-4 lines. I'm reading one line, then I'm reading about something else entirely. I'm not playing the game for it's riveting combat, I'm playing it for the story and I'm missing all the dialogs.2. Background texture bug - appeared several times.3. The game freezes at the main menu and stopped me from exiting. Had to Ctrl + Alt + Del to close it.* P.S - I'm not a fan of Uplay."
76561197993649933,Not Recommended,256290,18806549,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Bingo,"Finally got around to firing this game up and i had to make a uplay account, which took enitirely too long admittedly because i was trying to use a fake name and it took me awhile to be original. then when i got into uplay to start it i had to manually type in the cd key. didnt realize the caps mattered so i had to enter it twice. then  i start the stupid thing and it wont let me save. i dont care why. the one frame of gameplay i finally did get to see before the save failed error was gorgeous but i dont care enough to try and get it to work. again mostly my fault but im just very frustrated."
76561198136640907,Not Recommended,256290,18936677,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,MidNightPersona,"This game is really beautiful, I will give it that the graphics are great and the story, it competently put together if not a bit predictable. But the game play I found pretty boring. Especially once you get the wings and can skip battles. So it makes it hard to want to do the battle, but you need it for the bosses. And,well battles in general just feel really long and tedious. The story keep me in until I started getting towards the end, I was able to guess what was going to happen next, and the game play was just too boring. And this is not mentioning you have to get Uplay to play the game, and that is annoying as hell."
,Recommended,256290,28721141,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Narsh,how cute!!!!!!!!!♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,256290,10032786,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Ministro,GOTY
,Recommended,256290,12286519,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,iChargeBanshees,Good game. I really liked the turn based combat and the puzzles in this game. It tells a great story also but I wish the game had voice acting. The art in this game is beautiful as well. I recommend this game
,Recommended,256290,12533601,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Sully,"I have never played such a beautiful game such as Child of Light. I was shocked to see Ubisoft develop an arcade game like this but its story was emotional and actually has a moral to it.Though it only took me 9 hours to finish the main story, I highly recommend this game.Every single character and companion comes with a great back story and are very well developed. The world is beautiful, you can tell that from my screenshots. And this game adds a real-time feel to its turn based combat. Honestly, this game doesn’t cost much and is an open world game so it is truly worth your money. Give it a try"
,Recommended,256290,16682872,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Troll,"Fantastic art, good story (though generic by itself), great soundtrack... and rhyming dialogues !Ubisoft Montréal did a great job on Child of Ligh.This 10+ hours piece of art is a really good platformer / active time bar RPG hybrid.The only negative aspect I could reproach would be the autosave system which is a bit messy. It usually sends you back to a sort of checkpoint when you load the game, but at times it puts you to a place far away, or even right into a dialogue.I completely recommend this game to anyone who likes a good game, especially as it is not too long and can really be enjoyed."
,Not Recommended,256290,18734988,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Spider3,"***Note: Negative review is for rpg turn-based mechanics lover. If you are just looking for a light rpg experience with platform elements with beautiful gfx, certainly this game is for you. Otherwise for deep turn based mechanics rpg, better look elsewhere ***I would like to give thumbs up for Child of Light, also because I was really looking forward to play it.But as big turn-based rpgs fan, I really can't upvote it.Before I get flamed for my negative reviews: the game itself is not that bad, the graphic is just so amazing, the soundtrack beuatiful and enchanting. The story was also good enough so far.But if after 6 hours I don't feel any kind of addiction of going on, something is wrong.And the problems are the mechanics. The platform elements are ok, but the turn-based ones are definitely not enough and too much repetitive. I am playing in ""expert"" mode and everything got after 2-3 hours too boring and repetitive. I've nothing abount grinding (thing that is not really required in this game) when the story keeps pushing you to continue because you want to know more, but this is not the case - too long intervals between exploration and story continues. I never used an item except on the third boss (and I was plenty of pots). The creatures are too similar and predictable (weakness to element). And party of 2 persons (even if you can switch them) is  limiting too much the field choices. So far the only thing I did was casting a spell, melee attack with the other, and replace with healer as needed.I'm very sorry but I am going to abandon it for now. It's really a shame and an hard decision because the graphic is such a pleasure for the eyes. Shame."
76561198021757363,Not Recommended,256290,29153189,Posted: 9 January,all,The Magic Bacon Fairy,"I wanted to like this game... but I can'tThe Good:-This game is beautiful in spite of a consistant bug where the protagonist's hair wouldn't render in combat, I cannot recommend the art enough, it is amazing.-Gameplay is fun and interesting.  I got to interact with systems that I haven't seen before and they were well executed.  The only problem is the game never really seems to get all that hard.The Bad:-Ubisoft's extra layer of DRM 'nuff said-The writing is aweful.  Like I don't care about any of the characters they're just healer, phyisical damage dealer, caster, buffer/debuffer ect.  There is no connection to what I am doing and I really don't care about the world.Conclusion:I'm almost done the game and won't bother finishing it because it overstays it's welcome.  It's beautiful, but the developer's choice to write the whole game in rhyme was a complete disaster.  It's worth it on a sale for the time, but full price?  pass"
76561198064557154,Not Recommended,256290,10815561,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,AntonAnon,"Well, the gameplay might be something special, but this is almost unplayable with the writing. It's just... for a game from Ubisoft, I'd expect a helluva lot better than repeating couplets with no meter. If you write a game around fairytale poetry, that poetry better not sound like it was written by a 12 year old. And this stuff is just unbearable."
,Recommended,256290,9999839,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"This game has some of hte best art design I have ever seen in a videogame. It really looks like you are playign a painting  or a comic book, really well done art design. The music is also top notch, the combat is fun and its just a well made game. Some of the dialogue might nto be for everyone, but its a unique little indie game this one I must say!Did I mention the art design? Simply gorgeous!"
76561198002124849,Not Recommended,256290,29913557,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"RPG for kids.Don't pick this up if you're expecting anything deep or meaningful in regards to gameplay, platforming, or even storytelling. Despite the seemingly-beautiful art style, the game falls apart and its simplicity becomes transparent fairly quickly."
,Not Recommended,256290,17556780,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,shrewdlogarithm,"This REALLY is that time you want a 'MAYBE' option - I'm going with ""Not Recommended"" because of just 1 aspect of the game but it's an important one I think.The combat is awful - truly and utterly awful.  It's killing the game for me - I'm actively avoiding it as much as I can but sooner or later you have to do it and it's just so BORING.Enemies have no health bars so you've little idea what's going on without staring at flying damage numbers/messages to judge efficacy.  The timing system gets truly unfollowable once there are multiple players on either side and specials etc. are scarce and often ineffective.Worst thing is it just doesn't fit the rest of the game at all - it's a curiously static and lifeless thing in a game otherwise packed with joy and sparkle.Everything else is fine - story, graphics, sound, controls are work well  (the rhyming gets a bit grating but you can skip it without losing the jist of what's going on) but the combat isn't easily avoided - you'll probably spend more time doing it than anything else - and it really is tiresome.Maybe play it on easy to get the atmosphere and story and then move along eh?p.s. I see much wailing about uPlay and whilst I don't like launchers in launchers, it works fine for me so I can't really complain about it."
76561198062975295,Not Recommended,256290,16382848,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Wolf,"Urg! Wish I had seen this requires Uplay.Graphics and story are pretty cool, the turn based fighting grates me though, I HATE that type of gameplay.Its ok for a 3$ deal, else save your cash for Rayman or something else."
76561198013653658,Not Recommended,256290,16570870,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Shanski,"Uplay ruined this game for me.I would have loved to play it, but never got the chance, Uplay would load, then exit to the rewards page.Massive sad face."
,Not Recommended,256290,16844580,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ElMickeyto,Uplay sucks. Don't understand why I have to use this crap with a game bought on steam.
76561198053431517,Not Recommended,256290,17258331,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,sblommers,Screw you 3rd party software (Uplay).  I don't want to create another account...  Guess one needs to make sure they read all the fine print before they buy something on sale.  *sigh*
76561198136630509,Not Recommended,256290,18529833,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Endroc,"I had heard pretty good things about Child of Light.  It looked pretty cool so I thought I'd give it a shot.  Well, the background artwork is quite nice, for sure, but the design and animation of the characters feels a bit sloppy (though I do like the flowing hair).  Besides that, I don't have much to complain about what it looks like.  The game itself, however, is not very interesting.  Even the puzzles are simple and somewhat repetitive, involving lighting up different objects in a pattern.  While flying around and collecting treasure and potions I forget to use can be mildly entertaining, the battles are a disappointment.  It works kind of like turn based strategy of sorts, where you can use your glowing firefly to slow down the opponents.  In other words, battles are about timing and luck.  Even though you get different characters and can work strategies out with the different styles, the main problem is that it is boring.  It is the same type of battle over and over and over again.  Fly around, fight new monsters, fly around, fight more monsters.  Also, I would have liked it if at least three characters could be placed in the battle at a time like the enemies are.  I want to like the game, but I really just can’t.  The fights are pretty long and simply a lot of repetition of trying to blast enemies with your most powerful spell while attempting to avoid becoming paralyzed.  It can take forever.  Lastly, this is more of a personal preference, but I did not like the dialog between characters that shows up quite often.  It does not add to the plot and the poetry feels hastily thrown together to find something, anything that rhymes.  It gets annoying, especially when a new character joins the team and then every single other character must introduce themselves to that one.  Overall, I think the game could have been much better if there were a few tweaks made to it, but as it stands, I’m not very impressed.  Also, Uplay is a hassle."
76561198047384882,Not Recommended,256290,19127579,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Penitenziagite,"Can't even start the game. No login mask, no uplay whatever. Just nothing. After choosing ""play"" nothing happens.Status in Library changes to running. But it isn't. If I try again, it just says ""already running"". And no, I haven't played this at all, it just keeps running in the Background. High-End Windows 8.x System.Seems a lot of people have this issue, or have problems with uplay.Pile of Crap Ripoff."
76561198035371873,Not Recommended,256290,10061348,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Anabolite,"DISSAPOINTING. Excuse the caps, but I thought it might ask for a bit of attention amongst the floods of positive reviews. The combat in this game is extremely repetitious, and very limited in terms of play styles. Despite having many characters available, you are only able to fight with two at any given time. The skills and simple trees are relatively uninspired, or should I say, extremely inspired by what has frequently been used in past RPG's. The visuals -while aesthetically o.k- really don't go far enough considering the financial backing of ubisoft. Using items/healing/skilling up is tedious with a non-user friendly one at a time character view, and the whole craft your own gems (which add stats/buffs) is equally as limited. You end up making the same ~5 gems over and over again but in higher concentrations (and stat bonuses). This game will pleasantly waste some of your hours, but it is probably not worth the asking price. That being said, it may be a more enjoyable game for a very young audience. I'm 24."
76561198037089395,Not Recommended,256290,9987563,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Silvi,"After playing it for a couple of hours more I cannot recommend Child of Light. It's very dull gameplay and almost cringeworthy dedication to making up rhymes for every single line of dialogue, which not only breaks the immersion but also makes me roll my eyes way too hard, makes it a very mediacore experience.I could ignore the terrible idea of rhyming if the gameplay made up for it, but neither the exploration of the world, which is reduced to some simple puzzles and really dodgy 'platforming' (more like dodging obstacles in air really), nor the RPG-esque fighting really qualify this game as 'fun'.The fights drag on for longer than necessary and even the 'weaknesses' become meaningless: you attack a fire looking monster so you equip oculi for water attack and fire defence. But you realize when you enter a fight that it also has an earth and air buddy.Also the game plain lies to you - defending is supposed to prevent you from being interrupted the game says, and then happily introduces enemies who ignore defence and knock you back despite defending. At the same time the AI is pretty dumb, often not 'finishing off' characters with low health and instead going for the full health party member, which means you can't really leave low HP people as decoy either.So the gameplay is dull, how about the story?The characters are varied sure but it's easy to see more effort went into finding rhymes than into actually making the characters memorable. I can berely say anything about the people in my party and it seems like they talk a lot - yet except for terrible rhymes the dialogues contain little to none information. It takes a lot of talent to convey a story through rhymes and the writer here just plain failed in most cases.Also you can tell how desperate he or she was for rhyming when a child uses words like 'commerce'. Aurora uses words that don't fit into child's mouth. So yes, rhymes make the game lose the immersion factor.Overall it's a pretty looking experiment of a game that failed in delivering whatever it was they tried to do."
,Not Recommended,256290,19032612,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Baraka Bama,Uplay is trash.
,Recommended,256290,29568921,Posted: 29 January,all,Mighty Pillow,"How do I even describe Child of Light? It's a gorgeous side scrolling platformer adventure game with RPG elements and turn-based combat. I enjoyed nearly every second I played it. It's usually a good sign when I lose track of time while playing something.Pros:- Strong female protagonist? Sign me up!- Beautiful world. Child of Light is absolutely stunning. All the drawings are so well done, and it made the game as a whole delightful.- Cute, easy to follow story. It wasn't overly cheesy or too serious. It had a good balance.- The combat was done so well. I'm not big on turn based combat, but this game's combat was perfect for someone like me. It was easy to follow and relatively easy to get the hang of. By the middle of the game, I knew how to utilize the oculi/potions/elixirs and which party members to use when. I was guilty of hoarding my inventory though. By the last battle, I had tons of unused items.- There was a lot of combat, but I liked the fact that you could flee at any time or use Igniculus to avoid enemies. It gave me freedom to play the game as I wanted.- The length was great. I finished the game with most (if not all, I'm not sure) of the side quests completed in 13 hours. I always appreciate lengthy.- Full controller supportCons:- The rhyming got old after a while. Actually, I'd say the dialogue mostly was dull. I did like how Rubella never rhymed though.- Robert's character was useless. His whole little story was a yawn, and he wasn't a strong party member. This isn't really a critique on the game though. I just really didn't like Robert.- I wish there was more voice acting beyond the voice over during the occasional cutscene.- The soundtrack seemed repetitive at times.I got Child of Light on sale, and I definitely got my money's worth. I could see myself paying more for this game too. I'll maybe now give other games with turn-based combat another look. I absolutely recommend!There are no jump scares, only pretty things to gaze at."
,Not Recommended,256290,14943189,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Jargon Vox,"This game requires Ubisoft's Uplay.  I'm very sorry I didn't read about that before I bought it.  It is a fantastic game, but I won't play it.  Steam's DRM is as much as I will tolerate.I'd love to recommend the game, but I can't in its current condition.  Vote with your wallet.  Don't buy this game."
76561198043902949,Not Recommended,256290,16459879,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,smiggie balls,*fart noises*
,Recommended,256290,13396138,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Shinobi Magi,"Child of Light was everything I was hoping it to be, it was immersive, it was gorgeous, and above all, it had a phenomenal soundtrack.Child of Light tries something fun with it storytelling by having the characters rhyme whenever they talk. It's not for everyone but I was rather fond of it. It made the game feel like a fairy tale come alive.The exploration of the world is fun and exciting, the first level of the game sets you up for what to expect throughout the rest of the world, and I have to say, it's never disappointing. Treasure hunting rarely feels like a chore and the ways to obtain certain treasure feels refreshing and uncomplicated.In terms of combat Child of Light takes a page from the classic rpg format of turn based fighting and adds several implements. This makes the turn based fighting immersive and exciting and with the allies you come across you will find many unique and interesting ways to topple the competition. There is also a gearing system involving gem stones, I've barely scratched the surface on this and I gotta say, the upgrades you choose through this system really play a part in combat.My only real gripe with child of light is how short the game feels. When the game comes to the end you feel like you could've used more time to grind your allies and discovered more quests/treasure. I guess I'll check out the dlc and story plus and see if that doesn't change my mind.Child of Light is a must play for RPG and fantasy enthusiasts."
76561198074478293,Recommended,256290,9984021,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Double,"Based on the short time I've played, I can honestly say this is one of the best RPG's to come out as of late. It has awesome mechanics thrown into the turn-based battle system to keep things interesting, it is visually pleasing in both the background and foreground, Crafting system and gems are remenicent of materia from FF7, and the characters so far are unforgettable in personality and adorableness. Well worth the $15 and many hours to come as you delve into CoL's storyline and combat system. If you are a fan of RPG's I would check it out if I were you."
,Recommended,256290,12369136,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Linkzaki,"Child of Light is a wonderful gameLike other RPGs but not the sameIt has a system that is totally newThat requires thinking about what to doThe art is pretty and the music is grandas you're taken all the way across the landI played for a little while and thenI wrote a review, rated 8 out of 10"
,Recommended,256290,11788569,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Deku [Strat],This game takes rpg's and turn-based combat and puts an interesting twist on it.  The art style is charming and beautiful.  Plus you get to fly.  I love this game and I think you will too.
76561198044276080,Not Recommended,256290,21163758,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,uhuburu,Visually it looks stunning. But the turn based fights are tedious and ruined the gameplay for me.
76561198072995480,Not Recommended,256290,21159967,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Cosgar,"A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later. A Uplay service is unavailable, try again later."
,Recommended,256290,28238407,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Shrugs,Sugar and spice.
,Recommended,256290,26578261,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineChild of Light is a beautiful RPG game developed and published by Ubisoft. From start to finish it shows a solid gameplay, a vibrant world, and a quite interesting story with more than a few twists.Sound design is amazing, and graphically speaking, the game looks magnificent, and everytime you reach a new place, you find yourself looking at every place of the screen, mindblowing designs and drawings that are taken out of a fairy tale, beautiful. The magic of the game is greatly resembled too, and it's one of the strongest points in the game.The amount of hours might look short for an RPG, but it's not really short clocking in at around 10-11 hours in total. The game doesn't drag on, some battles are indeed hard but can be overtaken by strategy, the story from start to finish feels good, like reading a book. It's all fun from start to finish, and at the end you feel realized and full because it doesn't leave you wanting for more like some other gamesThe gameplay is a turn-based fighting RPG, which is fast, there's no long animations and it's really fun thanks to constantly being in motion, you will be using characters in the fight that you can swap at any time, there are quite a few characters. They of course level up, and you'll have to see what's the best course of action regarding their skills. I want to mention that it's very fun to move as the protagonist too, specially with the amount of secrets that are everywhere! Nothing falls short in the gameplay portion of the game!I love the fact that the story is told in rhyme which adds a lovely touch to the game. Overall, Child of Light is a game that offers a great time guaranteed for RPG players, you can't really go wrong with this game. Shame about the forced DRM of Uplay but it's Ubisoft, what do you expect?RECOMMENDED :)Also, best to play with a controller"
,Recommended,256290,26688479,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,grao666,"I picked thus game because it was on a Mid-Week Sale for INR 87. I had never seen any trailers or heard of it otherwise, and I am glad I picked this one up. It features good music a revenge saga storyline and a great gameplay. I played it on 1920*1080, it also supports 4K resolution.It is a good RPG and worth buying especially if it is on sale, it will give a decent 10 - 12 hours of gameplay. During the initial levels it is a bit tough. However, aftre you level up stick to a strategy it will work wonders for you."
,Recommended,256290,26910976,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AriaMay,"This was a really amazing game! I loved the story and the twists. The artwork throughout the game is stunning, and I hope they come out with another game like this one. I highly recommend this to anyone who loves a nice strategy game, and a good story."
,Recommended,256290,24853801,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Savj,"Really nothing bad to say about this game, maaaybe they difficulty dropped off as the game progressed? Really have to search for complaints. Downloading Uplay was inconvenient but whatever. Awesome game."
,Recommended,256290,25879188,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Hamilton,"Very Awesome GameThe Art,The story, and The Gameplay is outstanding"
76561198043875791,Not Recommended,256290,15626752,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Lazerblast Razorslash,"Check your computer against the system requirements for this game very, very carefully before buying this game. Despite the fact that I frequently play far more graphically intense game than this, Uplay will not allow me to play this because my ""CPU does not meet the minimum system requirements and is not supported"".I have never seen anything like this before. Uplay has made this game quite literally unplayable.Think twice before buying any Ubisoft product on PC."
76561198095491058,Recommended,256290,28741331,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Birb,"I love this game so much you have no idea.  Go read someone else's review, I'm too tired to make a competent one."
,Recommended,256290,30760462,Posted: 26 March,all,Halloweenharen,"Great game, really touching and fantastic soundtrack"
,Recommended,256290,26121590,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Jiinfinity,"Like I legit do not leave comments like this. But excuse me, its been only like 20 minutes into the game. I love this game so much. Like I cannot express my happiness in finding this game so late. Its great."
,Recommended,256290,9980668,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Altruizine,"Child of Light is great. The environments and lighting are gorgeous, the dialogue is fun (and rhyming!), the pacing seems pretty good, it lets you explore a lot and the difficulty curve is well done. Skill progression is simple and well thought-out. The music is your basic piano pieces with orchestral music during combat scenes, but it works really well and adds a lot to the atmosphere. Plus it's composed by a really good French Canadian singer!The story is fairly simplistic, but there's a lot of room for it to become more complex, and if my first party member is representative of the rest, the game will have very interesting side-characters."
,Recommended,256290,9982383,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Anima_Syn,CoL has a very enjoyable story for all ages. From Aurora's flowing hair to the pitter patter of her running around barefoot the graphics and sound are very detailed. The dialogue and story isn't overly complex and allowing your kids to play with you is a Plus. The turn-based battle system is interactive and keeps you alert unlike others you may have experienced. The skill system is deep enough to add variation to your prefered playstyle.Concerning Uplay: There is nothing wrong with Uplay. It has a rewards and achievements system that actually makes it worth it. I personally don't see what the fuss is about.I feel once you get the hang of the battle system and immerse yourself into the story you will have one of the most pleasant RPG experiences this year.
,Recommended,256290,10023150,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Rezard,"Played for like 4 to 5 hours staight here's to pro and cons.pro- The scene art design is god tier one of the best i have seen in a game- Despite the lack of tracks , the soundtrack is really good , kudo to Jupiter's lightning song- Controls are smooth and clear- Even if you are not used to rpg , menu , items ect are very easy to understand- The game may be linar , but this part is not annoying at all , there's still a lot of freedoom feeling.- I ad a feeling about a clumsy story at start, but its getting captivating latercons- Uplay- The game difficulty balance is bad, if you play it on normal  the game is way to easy (acctualy i wonder if you can die on normal) and on hard ,its well balanced and much more challenging , but sometime recovering health is a bit annoying.Play this game on hard.- Uplay- Dialogues can get a bit dull sometimes , i don't know they sound wrong with what they tired to do, but that's only sometimes.- Uplay- Despite the great soundtrack , i feel like it really lack something , maybe a bit more tracks ? and fews less variation ?- Uplay- Despite what ubifsot say , the co-op is not really a co-op . Unless you can find a slave who want the mouse- Uplay- Moving igniculus around with a controller is way to slow...- UplayThis is a very good  game that totaly wroth the bucks"
76561198093002203,Recommended,256290,10025169,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Chia,I would have bought this game solely for the art style but the game itself is very engaging and the sountrack is beautiful. The combat is intuitive yet hard to perfect and the dialouge is unexpectedly funny in parts. I could not recommend this game more. :)
76561198095241643,Recommended,256290,27266560,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Saki,A heartfelt game that brings together many childhood tropes in a wonderful manner. Really touched on the heart strings.
,Recommended,256290,14684445,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Aeshma,This game is just art! Gameplay is also good but playtime is a bit short. I like the characters too.  Wish there is some more side quests.
76561198057450323,Recommended,256290,32593936,Posted: 20 June,all,ho888sg,Surprising nice turn based rpg game with good story
,Recommended,256290,14866850,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Reese,One of the best Fantasy RPG games i've played in years. Worth the money spent.
76561197990860910,Recommended,256290,13977213,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Funk,:3
,Recommended,256290,27921117,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Waldgrave,Stunning Scenery 10/10.
76561198272993496,Recommended,256290,27769121,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Violet,I love the story and artwork in this game.
76561198214453004,Recommended,256290,27919434,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rebelhunter01,"Absolutly beautiful game. Everything was superbly done, and the story, art, and music complemented each other wonderfully."
,Recommended,256290,27369507,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ai,"I love this game.First thing that called my attention was the art. The use of colours and style. Just beautiful.It's story oriented, so the gameplay is easy get through and its like a basic rpg, nothing complex or weird, pretty straight forward and basic skill tree.The story made me think of ""Pan's Labyrinth"" (Guillermo del toro's movie) its sweet and magical but as an adult you see the parts of real life and you know how sad it is (it's not that violent or gruesome like the movie... it's more saddening)."
,Recommended,256290,26671814,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,I'm Not Sue,"I found this to be a solid and charming RPG.  Dont let the ubisoft brand fool you.  I played for a bit over 18 hrs and enjoyed this game quite a bit.The gameplay is, if anything, a bit too easy in the same way that Kingdom Hearts is.  If you are modestly competent almost every fight wont be challenging even at the harder difficulty setting, but it's still enjoyable to play.  Combat is similar to an ATB system with actions being queued up on a time bar before being performed.  Some actions can be interrupted, others affect a characters turn in some way, allowing for some finesse and control on the part of the player.  This comes along with an ATB-independent heal the player can perform with his mouse cursor that uses its own slowly recharging resource, and for some reason I found the balance between the two fairly enjoyable and engaging.  In the more tense fights, healing characters at the right moments was crucial along with timing when you would be able to heal again after expending all of your resource was fairly important.  Characters are diverse and can fit varied roles in combat, enough that I didnt feel like I should stick to just a few that I might like.  Outside of combat puzzles are fairly easy and nothing too complex or ingenious comes up, and there is some light exploration and backtracking for rewards you can do as well.  Exploration does kind of fall flat a little because they give you complete exploration powers very shortly into the game, but its also not a metroidvania title so calling it a 'missed opportunity' or like doesn't quite fit.  Jamming RPG, light crafting mechanics, skill trees, exploration, etc all into a game is a lot and eventually you'd end up with feature bloat.The story has a kind of light fairytail whimsy to it, in the way that some aspects are obscured or ambiguous or mean to be accepted prima facie.  It works out for the most part, and the way they presented the world and characters was satisfying.  and had some nice twists too. Some people dont like the rhyming dialogue, but I did.  I liked most all of the characters too, even a few I expected not to on first glance like Rubella.  I think if anything one of the problems they had was the sin of taking away a character from the player whom one might have expended permanent stat upgrade consumables on, and also in introducing one character too late and letting a few others kind of flounder a bit.  Still, the ones that did get time in the story were nice.I'd highly recommend it, it's not a top 5 title but it definitely went into my favorites."
,Recommended,256290,33310201,Posted: 6 July,all,󠀡,"Came here for the soundtrack . . . 10/10 , Cœur de pirate's work are masterpiece!"
76561198008635209,Recommended,256290,33149207,Posted: 2 July,all,DraKal,Amazing and immersive game with great story and incredible art.
76561198010265754,Recommended,256290,33163503,Posted: 2 July,all,Ash,"even if little you are thinking of getting this game, get it."
76561198035979246,Recommended,256290,14470147,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Diavolo,"Isso não é só um jogo, é uma obra de arte."
76561198031066591,Recommended,256290,10098777,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,cantseetheforest,"In terms of story and gameplay, Child of Light is simplistic when compared to most RPGs. The story is nice, but it isn't very deep. Gameplay -- linear, not open -- is roundly functional and the controls are straightforward and highly intuitive even though the menu-driven inventory system may leave a little something to be desired. The battle system is challenging and paced well, but also a touch formulaic (I suppose that's part of the genre; I have never been an enthusiast of turn-based combat, so perhaps I'm not the one to ask about that).Here the focus was clearly on art, and it paid off. For the price, it is worth getting this game just to see it. The art style, reminiscent of the fairy tale illustrations of Ivan Bilbin, is astounding in imagination and execution. It is *the prettiest* game I have ever seen, as far as that goes.The only major drawback, annoying enough for me almost not to recommend it to the community, is the godforsaken U-Play DRM from Ubisoft which you must be connected to in order to play. I haven't had any technical problems with it, but I hate invasive DRM of that nature, and this feature seems to be the focus of an awful lot of negative reviews.I do wish the character dialogue were on par with the game art; clearly it is not. The characters speak in rhyming verse, which adds to the storybook flavor of the game, but it is...well...just not very *good* verse. The dialogue isn't bad, so to speak, it just matches neither the tone nor the quality of the art. They hired serious artists to craft the visuals; if they wanted to use poetry, why wouldn't they hire serious poets? I'm sure lots of great poets out there could use the income.Overall, though, this is a highly enjoyable gaming experience on the lighter side of the RPG niche, and I'd gladly recommend it to anyone who likes this sort of game flavor. Kudos on the female protagonist, too."
,Recommended,256290,10048458,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Reggie (Jrod311),Fan-freaking-tastic game!
,Recommended,256290,11946031,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,asdzcx,"Awesome, that is."
76561198036183619,Recommended,256290,12285382,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Logical,"A great game with a good combat system, and pretty good characters. I really like that at the end you have to use every character given because they all have different abilities which makes the battle somewhat strategic. And lets not forget the beautiful graphic style used"
,Recommended,256290,12416558,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Vess,"Perfect time spending, was never so satisfied with a single-player game."
,Recommended,256290,12782943,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,"Child of Light is easily one of the best games I have played this year. It is beautiful in every shape or form. Any game I automatically add its soundtrack to my playlist is usually close to a masterpiece. I was humming the music throughout my whole playthrough. Even though it is supposed to be a short and sweet experience, I felt stuck in its world for a very long time. Combat is simplistic in concept and gradually becomes complex and remains challenging throughout the playthrough based on the difficulty you choose. I can keep on talking about how much this game is great, but that would be wasting the reader's time on not playing it."
76561197974105367,Recommended,256290,12870210,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,METAL,"a very beautiful game. the art, especially the music and the very comfortable controls make this game a pleasure. very well written characters and a mature story.personally, its my game of the year of 2014."
76561198120183359,Recommended,256290,13182155,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,chiewling.lee,"Thanks goodness, I chose to play Child of Light after my embarrassing gameplay of L4D2. I knew this was my cup of tea because I always love role-playing games (RPG).I'm a huge fan of beautiful artwork and captivating storytelling. Child of Light brings me back to the time of exploration and the freedom of feeling like a child again, even though it's in a game.Hardcore RPG fans may find this too short. However I love that this is a good introduction to players who are first time to RPG and those like me who want to enjoy the ambience of the world rather than being stressed out by upgrading your characters.I also like it that the story is kept at a good pace. and boss fights are manageable with a degree of challenge.Games are created for entertainment and Child of Light has swept off my feet long enough to finish the whole game. It has done very well.As for those still on the fence about Child of Light because of UPlay, please give it a try with the demo version. UPlay might not suck as much as you'd think it is."
76561197972103428,Recommended,256290,12496463,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Melchizedek,"So I really like this game.   It is so much fun.   Kinda dark but more of a longing worry than horror with some really fitting piano soundtrack.I sorta though it would be a bit of a platformer but to my surprise it is more of an rpg.  The turn based combat can be a bit slow.   However, the story and beautiful artwork make up for it.Something like a cross between nights into dreams meets final fantasy.  Also, add in a bit of fairy tale and that equals child of light."
,Recommended,256290,13207861,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Octauianus,This game is absolutely well done.It has been a while that you get true unique and refreshing content in the likes of English pentameter verse. The mechanics are smooth and true to RPG form.
,Recommended,256290,11250138,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,EwwaBean,"Interesting Artwork, puzzles and turned based rpg battles.Can you save the kingdom?"
76561198129212819,Recommended,256290,11384921,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,qtechautomotive,"One of those most creative games I've played to date. Excellent art, fluidic and free movement, a wonderful RPG battle system that is similar to the Grandia series. I've always felt out of most rpgs Grandia's battle system was the most interesting to repeat over and over. And here they've given it new life with some twists. And if nothing else, the music is so well done that I'd play it just for that. A++++!"
,Recommended,256290,11609898,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Zuko,"What a beautiful game. The artwork is amazing, the story is captivating, touching and wonderfully told entirely through poems. The battle system is unique and quite fun for turn-based fighting."
76561198024896896,Recommended,256290,11632277,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,berh00m,a must play game for those who wants a good old school RPG game
,Recommended,256290,11972499,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,4fun lee,BEST GAME EVER
76561198031436026,Recommended,256290,10817597,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Squeezoid,"its one of the most beautiful games i played in my life... the music is awesome, the gameplay is easy, the puzzles are good, not hard but not boring, but best part is the story, is beyond words...is just beautiful, sad incredible sad, but amazing at the same time.this game is a must buy."
,Recommended,256290,12111915,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,SGT Duran,"HORRIBLE ubisoft game client is required to play this beautiful game. Art 9/10, Sound 8/10, Story 9/10. I would pay extra to get rid of the DRM."
,Recommended,256290,12507498,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Boxtacular,"Really solid JRPG elements, fairly bad writing.Pros:-Leveling system and Gem system feel familiar if you've played literally ANY JRPG in the world-Skill system is useful; noticeable boosts to your character(s)-Big cast, always nice to have-Unique 2D sidescrolling exploration is surprisingly engrossing-Battle system has a pretty good implementation of time (think original FF's with Hastega and stuff)Cons:-Writing is cringey and makes me want to claw my face off-Very few skill tree choices-Very few Gem choices-A lot of the characters seem to be similar stat-wise, tbh. Haven't gone hardcore min/max on this game so I can't 100% say though-Game is kinda easy"
76561198042664827,Recommended,256290,12517545,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Alex,Poetry is fun.
76561198036924215,Recommended,256290,12563232,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,txrex,"this was probably one of the best games I have played in a long time, I loved to story, it made me laugh, cry, get angry, and really took me through the range of almost all of my emotions. I will be sitting my wife down and having her play this game."
,Recommended,256290,12708917,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,cchronius,Amazing Game!
,Recommended,256290,13192432,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Kranchan,This game is absolutely lovely.
76561198068493036,Recommended,256290,13222429,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,[C-137] NoopNoop,You know that feel you get after watching the very last episode of your favorite show? This is that feel11/10 I'm feeling so hard right now :(
76561198091551735,Recommended,256290,13241790,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Liandra,"Child of Light is abeautifulgame. The art has a lovely watercolor look that adds to the fairytale feel. The music is really well done, too - evocative, supporting but never overpowering the action. However, the story is short and to reiterate, it is afairytale, so if you want an epic campaign to save the world, this isn't it. This is a story about a child growing up, learning to become a leader, how to deal with loss and betrayal, and how to be everything she needs to be - strong, caring, gentle, noble, and powerful.One of the strongest points of Child of Light is the combat system - there are about four to six things you have to keep track of simultaneously, and it gets crazy. The real-time turn-based combat was immensely fun - you can only battle with two of your party members at a time, and often the enemy has three combatants that attack at different moments and at different speeds. Learning to control the firefly and shift your party members in and out of the fight in order to combo-stunlock the enemy is a wonderful challenge that really never gets old.I really enjoyed the diversity of characters here. They come in all shapes and ages and sizes, and all the characters become strong, with their own motivations and stories. In one case, it's a girl being strong for her depressed brother. In another, it's an orphan out for vengeance on the people who killed her parents. There's a mage out to prove himself to his elders. A disgraced warrior out to restore his honor. A boy who wants to win a fair lady's heart. Major points for not sexualizing the female characters, especially as two of them are about 7-10 years old.You can't customize your characters' weapons/armor. You can change the stones attached (called Oculi in the game) to add different stats, but you have the same weapons throughout the game and there are no shops and there is no currency. The Oculi are pretty strong - there's the usual RPG combining and there are other stat boosts in the game, but overall customization stays relatively simple.Perhaps the weakest part of the game is the dialogue - I personally liked it most of the time, but I agree with other reviewers that sometimes clarity is sacrificed for the sake of rhyme. If you hate Shakespeare and can't stand poetry, this game is not for you. The rhyming dialogue gives a sometimes immersive, other times jarring feel - when it works, it's hilarious. When it doesn't, it's just plain bad.tl;dr:Pros: beautiful art & music, great combat system, short and fairly casual storyline, wonderful cast of charactersCons: dialogue is hot or cold, game is relatively short, limited customization"
76561198119478369,Recommended,256290,13463562,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Migla,Most beautiful game ever played..
,Recommended,256290,13256653,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,RokkuBilly,+Turn based fighting+Leveling and different characters+Adventure+Nice music+Relaxing and you can quit anytime and then resume later+Every sentence is a sort of poetic rhyme or it follows a certain rhythm+Nice design and artI can recommend this game to everyone
,Recommended,256290,13261172,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Fr3nzy,"Just something new. Inspiring game.And, in the end, it's just a beautiful story. The fairy tale.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""I think my heart might make dew.""#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""Now she is a queen through and through.""#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""But she forgot to talk to you.""#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""She has more important things to do.""...#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""Watch other Lemuria.""#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""Goodbye my queen, Aurora."""
,Recommended,256290,10031866,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,YFA,"I finished my first playthrough of the game in roughly 13 hours. I'm just about to get started with NG+, and I have to say, this is an incredible game. Beautiful art, wonderful soundtrack, absolutely fantastic combat mechanics; the list goes on. My only complaint is that, while the writing is very, very good, it sometimes seems a bit too forced for my liking. The game has left me feeling absolutely satisfied. Would have been willing to pay more than $15 for this game, easily."
76561197962163990,Recommended,256290,30563032,Posted: 16 March,all,scsideath,Enchanting game with great music
,Recommended,256290,12060000,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Laydane the Graceful,This is... Beautiful
76561198084619504,Recommended,256290,12392079,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Mechanical stone,"I didn't really know what too expect from this game when i saw it on steam sale.But it took me by surprise completly, the gameplay is really good, there's not really a moments rest while in combat, there's always smth u can do and especially during the tougher fights. The way it looks is amazing and the details make it look surreal. Not too mention the soundtracks are beautiful! Nice puzzels aswell ( But idc really) Tough the ability too fly makes it possible too skip almost 90% of the fights, wouldn't recommend it though. Getting lost in the maps and doors sometimes not showing up can be an issue.Giving it a 9/10, it's definitly worth the money"
76561198015951339,Recommended,256290,12517061,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,rastaelmo,Great artistic game
76561198069835057,Recommended,256290,12392256,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,BOT Waah,:)
,Recommended,256290,12445132,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Denaro_Rules,This game was wonderful. A fairytale told in rhyme with beautiful music and artwork. Floating through a world of watercolor  while listening to soothing string music. Legit as F
76561198058631844,Recommended,256290,12505457,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,*OCB* BavMotWork,"I finished this game and that's really saying something.  I usually lose interest eventually and don't finish.  This one has that perfect balance to where it kept me entertained and interested enough to continue playing, but didn't make me dedicate too much as far as time and patience.  I recommend it for gamers like myself who prefer less depth on occasion for the sake of being able to jump in and play it for an hour or two after work.  Here are a few pros and cons because I'm not much of a composer.+Beautiful artwork+Fast paced yet turn based combat that's entertaining enough to make you want more+Lots of secret loot to find+Crafting is very simple but effective+Character progression is well-balanced+Diverse characters with lots of different skills+Ease of travel+Shallow story for shallow folks+Short and sweet+Reasonably priced, especially at the 60% off discount-Poetic dialogue is pretty cheesy, but I get it-Potions are a bit useless unless you're in a dire situation-Could have used a little more difficulty in combat, just a littleI give it an 8/10, if they ever make a second one, I will insta-buy.P.S.  I should also say that Uplay is not a big deal in any shape or form.  I see a lot of people freaking out over it, but they're just being dramatic pansies.  In the 24 hours it took me to beat this, I saw the Uplay screen a total of about 60 seconds. It never once interfered with anything at all.  Also, if it prevents piracy, I'm all for it.  Get a job and buy your games, people work hard on them."
,Recommended,256290,13115984,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Exothermic,"This is a great RPG with a beautiful soundtrack, story, art direction, and some very unique gameplay. I've never multitasked so much in ATB style combat, and the characters are all overall very unique. The character customization system is also brilliant, similar to the sphere grid in Final Fantasy X. Wonderful game, I'd recommend it to just about anyone."
,Recommended,256290,13232236,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,RadioKillr182,On the surface its a simple sidescrolling RPG.The battle system looks simple. But if you work on timing and Element advantages is deep.The fun rhyming dialogue had me impressed and I enjoyed the charming adventure right through.Yes it uses UPLAY.... Get over it.An Instant Classic
76561197985881367,Recommended,256290,13314004,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Lucius Brimstone,"This is probably the most negative review for Child of Light that you'll read, but I honestly wasn't blown away by it.  Still, it's probably worth checking out.  I'd wait until it's on sale for around 5 dollars.It's fine.  It's alright.  It's a fairly standard RPG so there really isn't a lot of gameplay going on.  There isn't a lot of variety in the music.  The artwork is good but the animations are creepy at times.On the plus side the combat/outside of combat has a really cool thing going on with the support character, who can freeze enemies outside of combat, slow them down inside of combat and heal you in either situation.  His operations are independent of the other characters/time line that combat follows so that part is neat.  CoL also has a sort of Mario RPG esque feel to it's combat since it's centered around timing your attacks effectively to interrupt the enemy's.There's a story and it's not the worst but it's sort of dull.  Very fairy tale inspired, and that part of it is cool, but it's definitely not the sort of story meant to last the 6-8 hours of gameplay.  It's not bad by any means but I think it could have been utilized better in another game type.One of the bigger draws is the writing, which is clever in a lot of parts but I think that it ultimately loses out by the game not having voice work for the characters.  Oh, the narrator bits between major segments are fantastic and the writing really comes alive then, but everywhere else it's just kind of meh.  There are great points to it, and I did enjoy the interactions between characters, but well, it felt lacking in some regard.  It felt like the writing was trying to elevate itself in some way but the author's skill wasn't there.  At times the rhyming style seemed to detract from the actual writing.  Pity, that.Oh, watch out by the way.  The difficulty curve in Child of Light is crazy.  You'll go from no challenge to extremely difficult bosses near the mid/end, which will then peter out into pretty easy fights by the very end.I've read that the game itself is short or feels rushed but despite my claims that the story feels stretched, the game itself seemed to pace itself pretty well.  I thought it was about the right length.I recommend Child of Light but this is a case of a game that I don't think should have been a game.  The non-game parts are still good, if pretentious.  Ehh.Oh, Child of Light also has the absolute worst DLC I've ever seen in a game.  Sure, one is a new character, but two more are main character reskins and the rest are item packs.  These item packs are of items that exist in the game already and are acquired pretty frequently so I'm not really sure why the DLC exists.  Oh, wait.  Money."
76561198151949971,Recommended,256290,13331913,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,『RASPE』FinnTrollfesT,Uplay is like the most annoying thing ever... not steam achievements cards and third party shizzle... but the game is awesome 100% reccommend if you like RPG's
,Recommended,256290,13580509,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,mikker,"This game is probably the closest thing an ""indie"" game can get to perfection. The music is a masterpiece, the gameplay is refreshing, the characters are interesting, the story is well written, the art is fantastic, and the difficulty curve perfectly keeps the game challenging but fair once you get used to the game mechanics. If a game ever truly deserves a 10/10 score, this would probably be it.Of course, this isn't truely an indie game, as Ubisoft is the one releasing it. In fact, every single negative of the game I can think of (with the exception of the game being somewhat short for an RPG with little replay value) is related to this. The equipment cash-grab DLC (seriously - don't buy those), Uplay, the terrible achievement system, and an unnecessary two-player oriented mechanic are all things that drag down the game. All in all though, if you can live with Uplay and like RPGs, this game is a must play."
,Recommended,256290,13264486,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Deus Solaris,This game is amazing but I would have loved if the entire game had voices not only the beginning and the end.8/10
,Recommended,256290,13275560,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Xaken,"Delightful game.  Could barely put it down.  After completing the game once I just kept on playing.  I think I mostly enjoyed how the combat design was simple, yet detailed enough to keep me engaged.   With enough variety in the attacks and spells to make my choices matter, but without pointless clutter."
,Recommended,256290,13407176,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,AGreener,"Gamplay:Standard RPG combat with an addition of an interrupt and slow system that is easy to use but would take some time to master. Outside of combat is standard 2D rpg format that works well with the flight mechanics. Animations, espcially Aurora's, are very nice and well done. Each characters has there own skill tree that has some customization, but not very complicated.Controls:I used a keyboard & Mouse.  Controls were simple and easy to use. In battle they are simplified to an active battle system which is easy to navigate. Outside of combat is a very simplistic platformer that does not require much precision. To Control your firefly you use your mouse, this is designed for a mouse, it works very well. With all that said, I believe the standard controls would also work very well with a control & the firefly mechanic would work well with the second joystick on all controllers. Overall- Very Good.Sound:Beautiful music that fits the mood all the time, and sound effects fit extremly well with all the Spell effectsGraphics:Atmospheres are beautifully designed, some of them are downright stunning, from dark & scary forests to Lava filled Trees to underwater caves from beginning to end. Not hard to see what ubisoft focused on while creating this game.Wothey Notes:The writing is pretty atrocious, the rhymes seemed very forced and weren't thought to hard about, character deveolpment is lack luster as well but you get the basic points . Only really complaint about this 12 hour RPG. Well worth the money, 8.0 out of 10."
,Recommended,256290,13641899,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Magic Critical Hits,"This game is a masterpiece. From music to artstyle, it's goddamn beautiful. Ubisoft can be inconsistent with their game quality, but trust me, this is where they did it right."
,Recommended,256290,13193209,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Maria Cotillons,"An amazing sidescrolling RPG set in a watercoloured eerie world.Aurora's journey through the darkness mesmerized me, I just could not do anything else until I unraveled its story.Magnificient art and soundtrack, with solid gameplay, simple, but quite original and effective.10/10 will new game+"
,Recommended,256290,13724582,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,doctorcornelius,"With visually-stunning environments, engaging turn-by-turn combat, and a brilliant soundtrack to boot, Child of Light turned out to be one of the most enjoyable games I played this year. Aurora and her companions take on a mysterous and magical world full of unique and challenging creatures. The environments are colorful and appealing and the characters are fun and charming. Also, all the dialogue is written in a rhyme scheme. Please don't pass up the opportunity to take on this wonderful (rhyming) adventure!"
76561197990960064,Recommended,256290,9991408,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,DanOramA,"Child of Light is a beautiful game that always give you the ""Okay, I am only going to do this also..."" feeling. The music is really setting the mood for the enviroments. Combat is precisly as the the old games like Grandia for those who remembers that.Child of Light has an compeling story and I strongly recommend buying it! Have played it for about 8 hours so far and it's worth every second of my time =)"
,Recommended,256290,10039934,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,old fritz,"This game, it is beautiful. The art, the sound, the music! It makes one's heart skip a beat. Challenging, it may not be, but a story it weaves with music to help guide the way. The writing is mostly solid and is delivered in rhymes. Almost all of it, but when it's not, it's done for good reason.If you enjoy RPGs and good stories told, I urge you to pick up Child of Light. I found it best played with a controller and solid headphones. Don't rush it, explore the world and enjoy. The game's not too difficult and you could beat it round 12 hours (or less). I don't recommend the DLC as it's cheating, at best. The Golem's Plight pack is the only one I'd advise, and even then, think about it before you decide."
,Recommended,256290,10042518,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,AINSLEY,I luv this man.
76561198089308801,Recommended,256290,10100202,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,KaMaiTaChi,Good design and BGMLove IT >w<
76561198072029630,Recommended,256290,10101627,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,StephAChamber,"Has been a wonderful experience--I worried I would find the game too light or too short but neither of those are a problem at all. You can bust through this or do some hard thinking, and the game world and storytelling is great. I dont replay usually, but this has huge potential for me."
,Recommended,256290,10283305,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Fitchman,Beautiful and fun - just the right level of complexity and yet relaxing too.  I'm very happy with this beautiful indy game!
76561197982633508,Recommended,256290,10002677,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,SSps,"Pros : Decent artwork, touching bgm, well structured world...Cons : Lack of explanation in certain stories, small volume (exactly fits 15$), easy gameplay.If they added more confessions or side quests that can show background stories, it could have been better.Buy it when they sale the price."
,Recommended,256290,10090894,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,haa,This is awesome! I really love this game and soundtrack.
76561198004500918,Recommended,256290,10139536,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Srakker,"Child of Light is something which is, in my books, damn near to perfection. You could floss with the difference. It looks beautiful, plays well, it is full of great and wonderful ideas (Igniculus for the win, just wait until you see), great fight mechanics (I say this even though plenty of expletives were said), and enchanting landscapes. It is the perfect fairy tale game. I have vanquished the evil in about seventeen hours, but it was an extraordinary experience (also, it felt shorter)."
,Recommended,256290,10153157,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,[uwu]Ｃｈｏｂａｎｉ,"A beautiful story portrayed through vivid poetry and an art style that oddly attracts, Child of Light is a great game. I don't know what compelled me to buy this game in the first place - I rarely buy steam games, but I have not a single regret about this. The main quest is lovely, the sidequests give you information that would make you crave more, and the confessions are amazing. Cunning language and a band of misfits that join your adventure as Aurora make for comedic relief, strong emotions, and an interesting backstory deploy more and more often. I would recommend this for anyone who likes a single player game with a strong sense of emotions and writing."
,Recommended,256290,10180479,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Capt.Sweglord,"Roses are red,Violets are blue,This sort of game,Might not be for you."
76561197990539479,Recommended,256290,10400045,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Guinea Pig Emperor,"A spectacular little RPG with absolutely stunning visuals and an intriguing fighting system.10/10, New Game+ time."
76561197977683057,Recommended,256290,10576935,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,drlonglegs,"The story of this game was pretty sombering. In regards to Gameplay, it was pretty simplistic and rock-paper-scissory once you grasp the timing system. Great game for beginners though!"
,Recommended,256290,13729333,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,future girlfriend ☆ﾟ.*･｡,"Amazing. Great story, game mechanics, sound track, characters, battle system, and design. I absolutely hated finishing it because I wanted it to continue."
76561198057388588,Recommended,256290,13810599,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,gdsgft920,"What a beautiful game. The envirnoment is hand painted and looks spectacular. The combat is unique and I never get bored with the encounters. Enjoyable platforming and puzzles. Worth the full price, but if you can get it on sale dont pass it up. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,256290,13849953,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Moistly AFK,"Beautiful game! It had wonderful artwork and storyline. Gameplay was literal fun on the xbox controller. (tehe)Honestly at first I didn't think I'd get into it as much, but I became so addicted. After the first - third chapter I was so intrigued, I could NOT stop playing.You need a Uplay account. Which surprisingly I didn't need one since I already had it haha. Even if you didn't have one it only takes like a few minutes unless you're so anal(retentive) about everything.This is probably my first review ever, but seriously this game is worth it."
,Recommended,256290,13222607,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Mmmmmmm,I'm inlove with this game right now!
,Recommended,256290,13240619,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,AudieMurphy,"A beautiful, immersive RPG/Puzzle game from Ubisoft. Trine meets Final Fantasy, with a few added mechanics tossed in.PROS:-Solid graphic & sound design-Fun combat & puzzle mechanics-A blast to play for all agesCONS:-Not a deep RPG-Requires internet connection-Can get repetitiveCheck out my full review here:http://youtu.be/MCPoBmctIsI"
76561198089810008,Recommended,256290,24227303,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,galaxy,"Roses are red,violets are blue,I bought this game,you should buy too."
,Recommended,256290,24134993,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,cleanfun,"I'd compare this game to a gorgeous woman who knows exactly what a pssy is for. Her hard-to-get act is gratifyingly superficial. She knows exactly how hard to make you work for it. She never dicourages. She rewards everything you do. And although she wants it just as much, she still gives you the satisfaction of feeling like you're stealing. And that's when her 2 hot sisters show up, and all their names rhyme.You'll never forget this one."
,Not Recommended,256290,17166765,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,KingsRook,"Uplay.Plain and simple. Bought game, installed it. Ohgodnot Uplay...Yep, tried to activate game ""service unavailable"".Sure enough, that's the Uplay I remember.Uninstall.Ask for refund."
,Recommended,256290,30698484,Posted: 23 March,all,Kentiam,Very few RPGs are so ideal for a couch co-op couple to enjoy.Great artstyleGreat musicGreat mechanicsGreat Co-Op balance
,Recommended,256290,13654825,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Charlinhos Xavier,"Great graphics, easy listening scores and very entertaining screenplay"
76561198081631827,Recommended,256290,11266251,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,soup thief,really good stuff im impressed with how visually supportive the game play was and how each lvl flowed smoothlyi would recomend this game to anyone with half an artfull mind.
,Recommended,256290,17180717,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Rhadnar,"The story is good and well done.The Art is amazing, music and effects are acceptable.I loved every second in this game.It's rpg where your's character agility will influence on how often they will attack, and you can slow down the enemy ""charging"" speed, and if anyone take a hit before they attack the charging bar will drop and on some case's you can use it at your favor.It's a type of rpg where you will enjoy the story, not the battles, but you may need to grind some levels to progress."
,Recommended,256290,10022378,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Leven,"Basically:The game looks fantastic.It plays really well.Exploring is fun.Combat is engaging for the most part.The story is, if not the most original, at least well-performed.It's dreamy, it's pretty, it's reminiscient of old fairytales and it's a good purchase for fifteen bucks.But the reason why we're mad at you, Child of Light, is that you intentionally witheld a bit of content so that you could hold it hostage and sell it to us for a little extra. Content that you COULD have just put into the game to make it more enjoyable, because it was already finished by the game's release date. I hope that paltry three dollars was worth♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a lot of potential buyers who now have zero respect for you.The game itself is solid. Its marketing is slimy and offensive. But still, game devs have to eat, I suppose."
76561198046016816,Recommended,256290,9991812,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,ChibiNona,"This game has stolen my heart! not only it has stunning watercolor visuals and a nostalgic music which makes you both happy and sad, but the gameplay is actually fun. You will find yourself moving the main character with one hand, while with the other you move a little fun firefly with who you can heal or slow down enemies during the active time battles. It is a wonderful combination of a platform game and an rpg with leveling skills, so it has some depth to it. It might not be the most action-packed game, but if you are just looking for a gorgeous and kinda addictive game, you won't be disappointed!Just an advice, play on hard unless you are completely new to the genre! :)"
,Recommended,256290,9998921,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,RariKendelty,"Simply Epic. The first thing you'll notice is the music, oh god, words can't even describe how beatiful the music is, really only the violin will make your skin shiver. And that end credits music. The gameplay is also very fun and it's battle system shares the ATB(Active Time Battle) system in numerous Final Fantasy games, but adds it's own special touch keeping the things fresh on every enemy encounter. In terms of difficulty, if you want somewhat of a reasonable challenge go on Hard, but even Normal keeps you on your toes.The level design is absolutely gorgeous and the scenarios are even more breath-taking, so much that you can download wallpaper versions on Uplay via Rewards. The only downside on this game is the linear story, don't get me wrong it's very good but lacks of epic twists that keeps a story fresh and engaging. In other words, if you truly seek a gorgeous adventure, full with epic hand-drawn scenarios and original and well-developed characters, and games like Final Fantasy, don't hesitate to buy this masterpiece and fall into the world of Lemuria, you will not regret it, or if you prefer playing a role against the Russians in a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥campaign, be my guest.9/10"
,Recommended,256290,9982808,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Hanexar,"Uplay is a plague. I never use the service before, and I didn't expect to like it, but it was worst that I anticipated. Couldn't create my account directly from the software it installed, I had to do it on the web. It took a while before uPlay recognize the account created on the web, download speed were atrocious for the update, it forced subscribe me to some junk (when you open your account on the web only). All that for an added layer of useless DRM that only penalize those that pay for their game with no added benefice, and at a security loss (my game can now be accessed through Uplay, that doesn't require a second security layer like Steam does). Please, just let me play my game and I will greatly reconsider buying a game on Uplay.If you jump through all the loop, this is a really nice artistic game that go out of beaten path to bring a fresh new experience to players. Might not be for everyone, but like every seconds I played so far. Graphism are amazing, music is fantanstic, all the sound of the game are just majestic, and gameplay is easy to learn yet rewarding (on hardmode). I've played this game solo and with my son, and it was definitely worth my money (if you can deal cope with stupid Uplay).EDIT: Once you get Uplay working, it's not that bad and you get into the game without noticing it... Unless it need to update itself. Then it break the BPM, force you to take out your mouse and keyboard to deal with it. Might not be a big issu if you play on a desktop computer, but in a Home Theater, it bothers me. Might be not much, but again, why again do I gain for coping with this ? Just ditch the whole thing."
76561198107014488,Recommended,256290,28722046,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,诗音,第一份让我还没打开游戏就被音乐感动了的游戏
76561198057009822,Recommended,256290,28742989,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,GameShark,A beautiful game. 10/10.
,Not Recommended,256290,16520722,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,StarGaze,Pros:Utterly beautifulFlyingExplorationCons:Everything else :(The combat is boring and repetitive. Very unexciting. The story is nothing to write home about. It's also entirely written in rhyme but the poetry is terrible: It has no cadence to it. Full credit to the artists - I bought this game because of them. Everyone else on the team let me down.
,Not Recommended,256290,29471311,Posted: 24 January,all,SSJSSFJ,UPLAY means do not purchase this game.
,Not Recommended,256290,11336168,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Mr.AFK,"Looks beautiful, plays bad."
,Not Recommended,256290,23966478,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Keyboard Kitten,"Didn't even get to play the game... Uplay requires a code to play WHICH UBISOFT DIDN'T PROVIDE... I hate you Uplay.EDIT: The game works now after contacting Ubisoft, still get sometimes where I cant open the game because it doesn't think I own the game. I am keeping this review as a negetive review to point out to Ubisoft that Uplay is crap and they need to fix or GET RID OF IT."
76561198157354482,Recommended,256290,18531960,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Nomad,Didnt' face any problems with uplay(disabled Cloud Save Syncronization)
76561198095393039,Recommended,256290,18357662,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,The Derpy Panda,I cried during this game... ALOT.It is a beautiful game. Every aspect of this game makes it a unique experience.It was worth every penny
,Recommended,256290,15564118,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,CobaltMK,A beautiful RPG-Platformer with a very unique artstyle and way of storytelling.The painty look and rhyming texts combine with a very old fashioned style of fairy tales.
76561198082399466,Recommended,256290,12357736,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Sir Sapphire,Loved it
,Recommended,256290,12394600,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,DigitalCreation,"This is a really good RPG with a good story and pretty neat battle system. I also really enjoy the art style and the music.Like many other Ubisoft games, it uses Uplay. If that's a problem for you then you probably shouldn't buy it. But if you're like me and Uplay doesn't cause you any problems, then this game is very much worth the 15 dollar asking price!"
76561198157122087,Not Recommended,256290,24523590,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,aramilsianontel,"AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE.Liked the game so far Uplay won't let me play anymore. Do you see this ubisoft?I have to have the game on steam to write this.Fix this, or Everyone AVOID THIS GAME....and anything with Uplay."
76561198037228623,Not Recommended,256290,18378812,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Wellformed Goat Penis,ucrap
76561198027692026,Not Recommended,256290,27657327,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jamez,"Child of Light is the indie kid of a company that's used to punch out AAA titles. Having been developed by Ubisoft it had all the funding and manpower of a big gaming company but regarding the success of titles like Limbo and Bastion, the gaming giant fancied a glimpse towards the indie scene. Which is great, because Clild Of Light is pretty awsome in it's own way. It looks and feels like a mobile, touchpad-based game dressed in pc garments. I could never quite shake the feeling off that playing this game with mouse felt awkward and unnatural. I would have wanted to press on the screen, move the characters around with my fingers. And that's really cool as well, because pc and mobile games don't mix that well, they're two different worlds. This kind of adaption adds and extra perspective.DesignThe watercolor world looks gorgeous. I wouldn't say ""original"", because let's be honest: the idea was out there and screaming for someone to pick it up, Ubisoft just happened to be the first one. The main character, Aurora is a distinctive and memorable figure with a striking progression pattern throughout the game which really binds the player emotionally to her.  She has a companion in the form of a glowing blue firefly who adds to good character build and strengthens the feeling that in her hour of need, she's not alone.SoundThe stunning visuals are accompanied by equally beautiful melodic and sombre soundscapes that blend well and deliver just the right kind of moods this kind of fairy tale adventure needs.CombatBattles in this game are executed in an old turn-based RPG boardgame style, with a timer twist. You have a number of fighters to choose between depending on what you want to inflict on the enemy and Aurora's firefly has a strategic role to play in it. Enemies alike come with different stats and powers, pushing the player to build different strategies depending on who you're facing.StoryNone of the characters actually make any sound. The dialogues are presented in written form, giving the impression that it's half fairy tale, half computer game. However, the quality of the dialogues is hectic and much too often working against the game's immersion. Same goes for all the written material found throughout the world of Lemuria. The old dialect used in the game had it's moments, but it really ended as a poor adaption of a great idea.ConsThe game failed pretty badly with the character upgrade system, which felt unexciting and half of the time like chores that you just had to endure though you didn't want to. I didn't feel like there was much difference where I spent my easily earned xp points, they dropped almost after every battle and often just gave the opportunity to boost health points or mana a little bit.The battles will start feeling monotonous very early on. They're not particularly hard, but there's so many of them and they're kind of lengthy and you can't really skip most of them if you want to survive the boss battles. It took quite a lot of will of strenth to advance in the game which resulted in playing the game over a vast period of time - several months came and went before I gathered myself enough to finish it.VerdictIn the end this beautiful thing drowned in humdrum."
,Recommended,256290,14923840,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Katharos,"0.7 hrs of playing is enough for me to say that this is truly amazing. It's a beautiful work of art that every ""little gamer girl"" must have. It's more than a fairytale book because it is truly magical ^_^better than skyrim :P"
76561197992524513,Recommended,256290,35051209,Posted: 18 September,all,Nick,Lindo jogo. Trilha sonora excelente e sistema de batalha para matar a saudade de turnos.
76561198181626747,Recommended,256290,23789116,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,alpha.liang,"game seems good ,but uplay sucks. I would never buy this  if i knew  I have to install uplay."
,Not Recommended,256290,16386717,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Karni,its funny i dont recall agreeing to purchase Uplay...i thought i bought Chilf of light.. apparently my money isnt good enough to play child of lightthats the last time i do that
,Not Recommended,256290,16333772,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,[MAD] bikupa,1.Be excited.2.Buy the game.3.Download the game.4.Open the game.5.See uplay open.6.Close the game.7.Uninstalls.
76561198093270886,Not Recommended,256290,10008916,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,appelannag,"The artwork was nice, the music was nice.  The game in itself was super short.  It takes like 15 minutes to get through each chapter.  When I got to around a chapter and the game was suddenly seeming to lean towards ending I was like, what the hell where is the other 3 quarters of the game??  50% of the poetry was good, and the other half was terribly corny and unattractive, like the person writing couldnt think of anything good so they just stuck whatever rhymed in there.The fights are sort of grandia style with the turn timer.  There was some amount of strategy, but the game was not very challenging seeing how I didn't die once and pretty much had 95% of the potions left I had found through out the game.  I actually would reccomend the game to children between 10 and 16, but anyone older than that it would be too easy.So I reccomend the game to tweens.I do not reccomend the game to avid gamers, or rpgers looking for something with strategy and or challenge.  It just doesnt measure up to other big name rpgs."
,Recommended,256290,9980990,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,stanthony,"Wow. Wow. No, really, wow!!!Here is, ladies and gents, one of the best videogames of this generation. Easily the best single-player game of the last 3-4 years. The art, the music, the humor, the poetry (!), the pacing, the characters - all perfect. If you are interested in gaming in the slightest, go and buy it now. 15 euros on Steam is not much for this piece of art. I am in love, truly..."
76561197970141444,Not Recommended,256290,34314971,Posted: 17 August,all,Sa,Long and pointless sign up process. It's a single player game. I already bought it. Let me play it already.
,Not Recommended,256290,23042467,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dr. Clocknik,"It’s an unfortunate thing when one can see the amount of effort that has been put into a game and to come away from it feeling so unsatisfied. Sadly, that is the case with regards to my experience withChild of Light.Using the UbiArt Framework to create a watercolor world of wonder,Child of Lightdefinitely succeeds in being something lovely to look at; indeed, this is what first drew me to the game. The music is very lovely as well (even touching at times) and adds to the child-like, fairy-tale theming of the game and story. However, it is in this fairy-tale presentation that I believe the game makes its biggest misstep: rhyming.Bear with me and allow me to elaborate: I know it seems silly that something so innocuous could mar a good game. When first beginning my journey through Lemuria the rhyming came off as quite charming. The spoken narration for the cut-scenes, all written in rhyme, made it feel like a tale being told to a sleepy-eyed child and was not unwelcome in the slightest. As the game wore on, though, and the repeated reading of rhymes continued (some conversations turning bizarre just to tag a rhyme on the end), I found myself completely apathetic towards Aurora and her friends. Every line of dialogue attempts to rhyme with no consistent rhyming scheme throughout, which resulted in all interactions becoming a sort of poetic muddle, preventing any sort of personalities for the characters to shine through past their singular motivations. It’s possible that if each character spoke in a different rhyming scheme then making all dialogue rhyme in some way or another would have been successful; there’s plenty of great literature written entirely in rhyme. As it stands, though, the inconsistent schemes just make the dialogue a chore to read, as one dialogue set will rhyme one way but the next will buck the previous set’s scheme for something else. Near the game’s end, I found myself avoiding side-quests, ignoring potential new party members, and just trying to get to the game’s conclusion so that I could be done with it.All of which is incredibly disappointing because the game is perfectly functional. The combat is a decent, turn-based affair with a few little tweaks to the long-standing formula that provides additional interest and strategy: nothing to write home about but completely adequate. The same can be said of the Oculi crafting system, which allows you to create additional stat-boosting accessories for your party. These coupled with the aforementioned charming visuals and lovely music could have created a perfectly enjoyable experience but without engaging dialogue to breathe personality into the characters, world, and story, these factors all end up becoming window-dressing to an unfortunately bland experience.I really wanted to likeChild of Light, too, but in the end I don’t feel that I can recommend it. For all its charms it ends up feeling without its own voice or personality, which left me feeling regrettably unfulfilled."
76561198170876878,Not Recommended,256290,26536805,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,g.altepeter,"I can't review this game. I want to say it was good. I never got to play it, because of Uplay. I spent 20 minutes trying to get Uplay to recognize that I bought the game and log me in. It didn't feel like logging me in. It kindly gave me several hoops to jump through. Sorry, Uplay, I don't work for you, and I don't have time to fix whatever should have worked right in the first place. Useless bloatware."
76561198048118148,Not Recommended,256290,26174455,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Haztic,"Truly one of the most repetitive and tedious combat systems I have ever used. By the time you're halfway through the game every fight feels akin to a zubat encounter in pokemon. Other than that the soundtrack and story are nice and compelling, however in my opinion when half your gameplay is extremely painful its just not worth it. Also, when crafting, after two of three potential crafting components are ready, if you are playing with a controller it will immediately highlight the ""craft"" button, which can lead to accidental crafting. This is frustrating if you were planning on using another component. Not a big issue but still annoying."
,Not Recommended,256290,13731104,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Another Persona,"The 'poetry' and the 'rhyming' wreck this game. Absolutely awful, I couldn't even complete it. It was my error, shoulda watched a gameplay video. It is a very pretty game though.Oh... and Uplay is required and that's just total nonsense. Horrible platform from an awful company."
,Recommended,256290,10008648,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Sakamoto,GOTY 2014
,Recommended,256290,9979318,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Paddyrickery,"After playing Child of Light for 2 hours, i have to say its a refreshing change from a lot of the JRPG style games that have come out recently.Artistically this game is about as gorram whimsical as you can get. It reminds me a lot of older stories and fairy tales that i was told as a kid.Gameplay-wise, this is what you'd get if you crossed an indie developed puzzle-platformer like Limbo, with a game like (the old and good) final fantasy games. The combat feels great and the interupt mechanic is a nice touch.The game's music is understated and adds a great childlike atmosphere to the environment.Overall i'd say i'm going to enjoy the rest of the game if it continues along this same path.I could comment on the same day DLC, which is obviously a ubisoft cashgrab and takes away a bit of the magic of this game if you think about it too much. So i don't think about it too much! Its pretty simple.Recommended for everyone who enjoys games like FFIV-VII, Limbo, Braid or any other game in those 2 veins.Play more games!"
,Recommended,256290,12879888,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Lex,A wonderful Fairy tale <3
,Not Recommended,256290,24088638,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,dave,The game will not start. Never again will I purchase a Ubisoft game. Uplay is cancer.
,Recommended,256290,9982062,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Siegfrost,"Exceeded my intially good expectation! Worth more than $15The trailers and preview videos did not cover the depth of the game at all.The Art style and Music were designed nicely, battles are not forced (we can choose to battle or to skip it).The battle system will keep you thinking almost all the time, without it being repetitive (getting better and better when we have more party member).The seemingly small 2d world is actually pretty broad, filled with hidden puzzles , treasures, and hidden bosses.Exploring the world doesnt feel like a chore, and you are encouraged to go back to previous places by side quests.Story telling is done well, tutorials are done throughout the storyline.Overall this game is brilliant!!"
76561198076848474,Not Recommended,256290,13730591,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,scudsterr,"I like the artwork, but I just can't stand the constant rhyming, gives me a headache.  I like rhyming and poetry, but the entire game, and every piece of dialogue?  Too much for me."
76561198041012229,Not Recommended,256290,26408838,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Kecoey,Click play game --> UPlay pops up --> Wait 5 minutes --> Write negative review --> Get refund♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft.
,Recommended,256290,30762312,Posted: 26 March,all,"2,4-DNPH","Adventure and hidden object game with amazing artwork.PS: Also check my guild for this game, for I am giving out FREE GEMShttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=892995076"
76561198056106029,Not Recommended,256290,10244498,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,tsunami0ne,"Seems OK at first, then slowly gets more and more dull."
76561198018891647,Not Recommended,256290,10399562,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Mix,"I would recommend this game to small childrens.I would not recommend this game to any JRPG fan.PROS:-Somehow interresting art if you appreciate it.CONS:-Beautifull but ultra depressive music.-Well written dialogs that I don't care to read. No voiceover? Forget about translating it in a 6th language. Can we just get English voice over?-Graphics looks like a child's storry book and animations feels like moving pieces of paper. I would rather like colorful anime style graphics.-Over simplistic everything that will fail to entertain any JRPG fan:-Simple combat system.-Characters have only about 3 different moves (if you completed the skill tree).-There is crafting, but it's only oculis and ultra limitted.-Gems (they call it oculis), that's the only thing you get in the game and you get tons of it, they are everywhere in the screen. They are annoying.-No equipment. Really?-Items: about 10 different items in the game. Health and magic potions, battle elixirs and perma stats boosters.-No shops, no currency.-Only 2 party members in combat (at the same time) and a maximum of 3 ennemies.-Interruptions concept in combat. This is pure annoyance to have to manage this.-The game is short. Only about 5 hours.CONCLUSION:Interresting piece of art, but will fail to entertain JRPG fans. Wait until the price drops below 10$ if you need to try it or just watch someone play on Twich."
,Not Recommended,256290,10207606,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Sadface,"Child of Light is really pretty, and the combat system is pretty nice. Sadly, that's where most of the good points stop. The story is trash, the use of rhyme for conversation is grinding and intrusive, and the fights themselves are boring. Yes, the combat system is good, but the fights are crap.Worth playing as a bit of a time-waster, but there are better RPGs out there."
76561197993491884,Recommended,256290,9980150,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Duadeus,"This is a great game. It has the perfect blend of paltforming and rpg turn based combat! I recommend playing on hard difficulty    if you like, the combat is very addicting and fun."
,Recommended,256290,9985813,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Falchion,"Played around 75mins till the first main section and the game is a wonder. All dialog is written in rhyme, the cutscenes beautifully narrated and everything looks like a watercolor painting come to life.The combat has a unique twist to it to set it aside from the usual Active-Turn Based system usually seen in JRPGs and the soundtrack is wonderful. The main theme especially, that they tease out until you only first hear it in it's full glory during the first Boss Fight, is extremely catchly."
,Recommended,256290,10016471,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Dreamwalk3r,"Easy platformer combined with oversimplified jRPG - it would seem there's nothing really outstanding in Child of Light. Except that even if you happen to had this kind of thought when launching game - you forget it seeing this breathtaking fairytale combined with outstanding and totally magical visuals.Also, somehow you even can play this poem, and then you realise that level of simplicity is exactly right for this kind of game: not too easy to be boring, but not too complex to forget about visual and textual part.Translators' work is great, by the way - Russian version seems even more rhytmic and appropriate for a fairytale than English one."
,Recommended,256290,9988426,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,m.baso,Pros: Best art direction in videogame to date! Fresh twists to JRPG mechanic. I'm in love with this game :* :heart:Cons: Uplay
76561198048553346,Recommended,256290,9979539,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Obsidanse,"Now listen here 'Edge' (if indeed that is your real name) what we have here is an entertaining, beautiful to look at, sometimes challenging but very enjoyable to play game. There is no reason (on the grounds of this games merits alone) that you would justifiably give it a 5/10.I grant you it's not got astonishing depth but it is a budget game, and for the price asked this delivers in spades.Cease your evil ways and give this an imparcial and fair review. I suspect there's motives involved."
,Recommended,256290,9994062,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Lilem,I just cannot say enough to describe THE FEELS
,Not Recommended,256290,19344720,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,the-orphan-jedi,"I hate it when I regret buying a game, but unfortunately, that is the case with Child of Light. The trailer looked *amazing* and the reviews looked positive too. I was hoping this would be a beautiful game I could lose myself in. Unfortunately that was not the case.The story of the game is about a princess who falls into a dream-world which she must explore and escape. Accordingly, the movements of the character are very dream-like and slow...contrary to the trailer, which showed her moving at a ""normal"" video game pace. Thus, trying to play this game was almost painful...it's like one of those dreams where you're trying to run but your feet are bogged down like you're trying to swim in a pool full of syrup. Not a pleasant gameplay experience at all.I still tried to stick it out though, until I got to the combat part. I guess I'm just not used to puzzle-related combat styles in games, but, it just wasn't very fun to try to figure out. If you're used to games like that, then this won't be a problem. But it wasn't enjoyable for me at all.The good parts about this game are the music and the graphics. The music is haunting and beautiful, and the graphics are styled to look like a moving watercolor painting you can explore...which is an awesome concept that is stunningly executed in this game. So since that part of the game is so awesome, I really wish the gameplay for this game hadn't been so hard to use. Because if you can't play the game, it doesn't matter how pretty it is to look at and listen to. Unless you just watch playthroughs of it on YouTube. Which is a possibility I guess."
,Not Recommended,256290,14869516,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Winry,The game was so pretty but I couldn't stand the way they were talking. I hate how the speech was displayed and the language they use is just annoying to read. This ruined the experience for me.
,Recommended,256290,26434204,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,¡SpaceCowboy¡,This game has one of the most wonderful soundtracks I ever heard in a game. Graphics are very unique and dreamlike. It is a very relaxed casual game that takes around 7-8 hours to finish.If the graphics of this game appeals to you and you are not looking for a hardcore game but just to have a nice adventure it is a very solid choice.
,Not Recommended,256290,16800451,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Caillou Shippuden,Completley regret buying this game.
76561197970979147,Not Recommended,256290,13239798,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,tjwebdude,"Bah.... in this age of technology, I shouldn't need to carefully study my system specs to make sure my system will support the game.What is this, 1995?Steam should  automagically verify my specs against game requirements before I click the ""BUY"" button... or even before I add a game to my cart.I'm sure this is a fine game, but not playable on a PC with a Dual Core AMD 2.3 GHZ processor... no matter how powerful your video card is... the game won't even attempt to launch.   A  ""CPU does not meet requirements"" popup kills it.There's also a Uplay connection/account verification you have to go through before the game will even attempt to load. Yuck. Shame on Ubisoft for that.I got it on sale, so I'll keep it for when I upgrade my PC (in a couple years), but come on Steam, seems like a straighforward feature to add (storing systems credentials and then verifying against game requirements before purchase.)"
76561198025069268,Not Recommended,256290,26487816,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,jeremyrasmussen85,"This game looks a lot better than it is.The story is shallow, and the character development is almost non-existant.The combat system is kind of neat at first (reminded me of Grandia II), but gets old quite fast.The writing is also ABYSMAL. Text/Dialogue is meant to rhyme most of the time, but often at the cost of making any kind of sense; ""Out of my way, or you'll be clay!"" (reminded me of Shooter McGavin of Happy Gilmore)The game isn't all bad, though. Obviously, you can look and see that the artwork is beautiful, and the music wasn't so bad.Overall, though, I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone. I had to force myself to play just to finish it."
76561198067668974,Not Recommended,256290,31494390,Posted: 1 May,all,zann1001,"It is a Uplay game and, what a surprise (<-irony!!!), doesn't launch. Why does this company (Ubisoft) still exist??? If I had checked, I wouldn't have bought it, and now its too late for a refund. By the way, it worked fine the first time I tried it, so don't get fooled by the positive reviews. It doesn't work any more."
,Recommended,256290,10076573,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Bahuemac,"Outline, Story/Plot, Conclusiveness:Basic, not too special good/light vs evil/dark story.Rather ordinary plot devices and ""messages"". Like a girl growing up on the hardships of her adventure and taking more and more responsibility and that family, friendship and faith can overcome all - ideas I cannot particularily relate to. I believe they are overused in fictional media, and with this lose their appeal and meaningfulness to me. They probably make up some of the most fundamental aspects of life and I can respect if writers actually believe in this, but sometimes this stuff feels pretentious and a bit uninspiring to me.The ending felt a bit rushed. I didn't expect the game to end as early as it did, even though the rough outline and the ""goal"" was foreseeable and the story found a conclusive, logical ending.Voice Acting, Narration, Writing, Music, Sounds:Almost no voice acting. Only a neutral narrator once in a while. The characters in the game only speak via text.Most narration and text is in verses and rhymes. Sometimes it felt a bit forceful, in other instances it helped to give weight to some of the statements Aurora or her companions were giving. All in all I think they did a great job with this and that it helps to create the ambiance of playing a fairytale. It surely wasn't easy to write all this, I suppose, and still have it make sense. I didn't understand it all, as English isn't my main language and I'm not used to poetry of this kind in any of the languages I speak.Nice music and some interesting sound design (Aurora walks on her bare feet, and you can hear this when she touches the ground; I thought the flapping of her wings sounded nice too).Art/Visual Design, Animation:Beautiful level art (resembling watercolor paintings/aquarelle).Somewhat underwhelming character portrait art (looks a bit like something a nonprofessional would put up on deviantART).Nicely animated protagonist. Aurora moves very smoothly, from what I've seen she is a mix of 2D and 3D. Just as some other main characters. Most other people and creatures look entirely 2D to me, and appear less ""plastic"" as a result. It's not easy to explain but best to look at in trailers or the likes.Combat, Difficulty, Skilling, Platforming/Puzzling, Local Co-Op:Turn-based combat. Very unusual for Western games, it's what you see in Japanese RPGs usually. But even Japanese RPGs often appear overly strategic to me with dozens of units to control on a big grid field, or they put you under stress with real-time elements. Child of Light sticks to more traditional RPGs. You control two characters in combat, and fight a maximum of three enemies in turns. There is a turn priority, and there are means to slow down/speed up combatants to get them make their turns more quickly/slowly. You can exchange your fighters freely once it's their turn, and time your attacks to interrupt your enemies' actions.Normal difficulty was pretty easy. If you handle the turn priority system right you can keep your enemies interrupted most of the time, or you kill them quickly enough before they start dealing more damage. Also, there are three ways of healing people (too many, perhaps): Simultaneously to moving Aurora around in the world and choosing fighting orders in combat you control a firefly spirit. This firefly has an energy bar he can exhaust to light up his surrounding area and by that either heal your fighters or blind/slow down enemies. Most damage I was able to heal with this firefly. I almost never used any consumables (healing potions and the likes), and healing spells rarely when the energy bar of the firefly was exhausted. Was someone still hurt too much I exchanged him or her with another fighter. Towards the end of the game you have like 3-5 fighters to choose from, and I rarely saw the health of any of them turn dangerously low.The game is advertised with ""200 skills"" on one of the trailers. But this is a bit eye-washing. There are many skills, but a significant part of them are passive skills which merely increase the attributes of your fighters and not actually give you something to alter your combat experience with. There is not a particulary lack of active skills - there are numerous fighters, and they all have specific, unique and fitting skills designed towards their character profiles and backgrounds, but there is little freedom in developing the characters as there are only two, at best three ""paths"" to move on the skill trees with no way of branching out. You go path A, path B or path C. Inbetween you may stop going one and walk some you previously ignored, and vice versa, but that's about it. Ultimatively they could have given you two or three perfectly flattened left-to-right skill lines for each character instead of the winded ones you find in this game.There is some platforming and puzzling, but it's not really worth mentioning. Spikes coming out of the walls, a few boxes to push on some buttons to open doors. What is interesting is that you can use the already mentioned firefly to pick up items and open chests. It's glowing light is used in several places to activate buttons, solve riddles based on shadowplay and to get past obstacles. It is a form of ""singleplayer co-op"" as I believe this is called, and interestingly strongens the ties between Aurora and the firefly as her constant companion in an active way really feelable by the player. Apparently a second local human player can control the firefly, which may help feel this tie even more so. There sure is a lot of to do with the firefly, so this local 2-player co-op may be a lot of fun (I didn't try it myself)."
76561198087708056,Not Recommended,256290,10322020,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Zenferno,"It pains me to say that the only thing this game really has going for it is that's gorgeous. You can tell by the eclectic cast of characters and the depth of the combat what they were aiming for. Sadly, it totally misses the mark. The dialogue is slow and sparse, with virtually no real development of any of the characters. If I had to sit here and write out all the ways the game bored me I'd end up boring you, poor reader. Skip this title, like I should have."
,Not Recommended,256290,26290778,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,P0TAT0,"It's through UPlay.... and it sucks. No support from them at all.I reached chapter 6 and after I finished a fight I was shocked to see that the game took me back to the start of the Chapter 1. Seriously! That's 19 hours of gameplay, whoosh! Gone!My first impression was that I could reload from the saved game. Guess what... that is gone too.I checked online and the corrupt or lost saved games is pretty common issue. Yet if you go to UPlay support there is no mention of this issue at all.I'm not sure how the sync to the cloud works as well with regards to UPlay, but I don''t see any option to use the cloud sync to start from the previous location, neither on Steam nor on Uplay.It sucks to be in such a situation. I don't plan to go through the whole game again. It is just too frustrating."
,Recommended,256290,9995286,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Abstract Debauchery,"Alright, so you start off playing as this little girl... So I know you certain SOUPER SEEKRIT image board types are gonna love it. Combat is pretty simple, but fun. Can use second controller or mouse to play as a firefly... so I know you furry types are gonna love it. It's pretty legit. Story seems pretty simple, but a pretty neat throwback, so I don't mind. Art style is more bangin' than your mom when she's out trying to make a quick buck. Controls are solid, art style is straight up legit. It's a family friendly game, so unlike your mom, I can recommend this for the kids.As of now, I haven't finished the game. But as soon as your mom gets done giving me a beej, I'mma finish and write more."
,Not Recommended,256290,16338580,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MisterS42 [BEAST],Ran into several game glitches within the first ten minutes of play. Saw that the last patch was several months ago and changed only the name of certain difficulty levels. Uninstalled.
,Not Recommended,256290,16275034,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,andrew sp,"boring as ♥♥♥♥boss fights are frustrating as well as xp grind which is also necessary, need proper level mapP.S.also why the hell i can only use 2 of my party members simultaneously? 3 is a must, as long as enemy always come in threes"
,Recommended,256290,15849106,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Sgt.Po,This is a great game. It has a great story as well a great art style and a beautiful soundtrack. It has great characters with thier own personalitys and hours of fun gameplay along with a few hours of things to do on the side of the main storyline. HIGHLY RECOMONDED
76561198009412850,Not Recommended,256290,26735065,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,snave,Demands the installation of invasive and buggy third-party bloatware. Do not purchase.
76561198159208010,Not Recommended,256290,18879703,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Mr.Alex,uplay came up so I immediatley deleted it from my library. i never played because my first immpression was garbage. sadly by the time i played it i was past my refund deadline
,Not Recommended,256290,29510531,Posted: 26 January,all,Belemon,"Wonderful graphics, great combat system. Can't say anything about the story - did not get to the end.Got bored. You get to a level, wipe enemies out doing same battle over and over again. If you can't defeat someone, go back and grind exp. That's it. Grin, grind and grind. Wings give you ability to sneak past, so you can choose whom to attack and when.I'm sorry. I really wanted to love it."
76561198139002756,Recommended,256290,14587177,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,[A]sh,...
,Recommended,256290,22785360,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,gette,this game gets me in a trance-like state for some reason
76561197987982145,Recommended,256290,32766372,Posted: 25 June,all,badkrma,Great graphics and lovely story.
,Not Recommended,256290,14914708,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,shentokozil183,"second biggest waste of money on steam..do not buy this, the controls are ♥♥♥♥♥♥, the story telling is worsenot even worth the 5 bucks I spent on it..."
76561198055139044,Recommended,256290,10030497,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Cersei Lannister,"Nearly 10 hours in-game and I haven't explored everything and haven't completed ever side quest. Truly fantastic game. I probably fell in love with every single aspect of this game. I loved the fairy tale bit, the music that was quite melancholic and nostalgic, the stunning graphics and amazing combat. All of this made me shed a tear. If you love RPGs, it's a must have."
76561198019193223,Recommended,256290,13302004,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Galadhatan,"A lovely game, overall, though it took me a while to get into it. I'm not a fan of the Final Fantasy style fights, but, eh... The game itself is simple enough, with Aurora an exiled girl running and flying around, collecting a band of warriors drawn from the various fantasy races, fighting random evil and exorcising the big baddies. The narrative is fine, and would do better were it not for the horrible doggerel it is written in. It is a problem of good narrative made bad to fit into cramped and unwieldy rhyme: it would have been better to keep a bedtime story style with prose and some couplets at the end of each scene. Dialogue appears between companions at the end of fights (by the end, that is), which was unwelcome, since by that point the various interruptions the game presents tend to add up to a nuisance.For as bad as the rhymes were, though, the graphics were outstanding. Watching Aurora grow and transform is very well done: she is a good character design, and the animations overall (especially of her) are very good. The scenes appear to be hand-drawn, and the addition of Igniculus (the sprite/elemental) creates nice shadow/lighting effects (as well as very important strategies in the fight sequences). The graphics are really what make this game worth playing. The soundtrack, also, is very well produced (I can't confirm, but it seemed to me to be actual orchestral tracks for some of the key melodies). If you can get over the bad verse, you should find this game to be quite enjoyable. 7/10."
,Recommended,256290,13277480,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Wide And Nerdy,"What an enchanting game.It feels like a fairy tale with rpg elements. Like a well illustrated children's storybook come to life in video game form. RPG combat system is classic with a few updates. A lot of the tactical element of the game centers around altering how quickly you or your enemies can attack. If you can attack your enemy when their initiative meter gets into the red zone, you can interrupt them potentially setting them back an entire turn. And you have multiple options for affecting that timing.While your attacks are turn based, you have a fairy companion controlled separately by the mouse who can heal you, or slow down your enemies and operates in real time.  Out of combat this same companion can interact with objects on the map that Aurora can't reach in a variety of ways allowing two people to play, one operating Aurora with the keyboard and the other controlling the fairy with the mouseThe trailers do a pretty good job of letting you know what you're in for and the beauty and grandeur of it all holds up throughout the game. Its proof that you can have a beautiful game without demanding that your video card spit out the maximum number of polygons and photorealistic textures and next gen lighting effects. As shown here, with some actual art direction, you can do so much more with so much less.The story is a basic coming of age tale combined with a heroes journey. Young Princess Aurora seemingly dies in bed only to wake up in a strange new land. Able to see haunting visions of her own father falling ill from grief as he mourns her passing, she must explore her new world and try to find her way home while making friends and enemies along the way.One annoying thing was the decision to write the game in rhyming couplets. I know that this was done to hold with the storybook fairy tale conceit but it started to wear thin for me rather quickly and had me wishing that they'd just speak plainly. But I am a childless 35 year old man (what are you looking at me for? Maybe I want a change of pace from the high octane AAA experience every now and then), so your mileage may vary. I've seen plenty of comments both ways from other people. I will say that if you find the dialog annoying, its usually not terribly essential to read all of it apart from getting side quests and there's not a huge amount of it anyway. The soundtrack and the art still make for a plenty beautiful experience even if the dialog doesn't work for you and the gameplay should be plenty fun for any fan of classic rpg gameplay.But other than that, everything about this game was great. Nice change of pace too. And again speaking as a childless 35 year old man, I found that it didn't get to ""twee"" for me, so if that was a concern for you, don't worry. Its also a short game for those of you who have lives."
,Recommended,256290,10100544,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Qrow Silvermane,"This game is a masterpiece. There is so much detail put into the game in regards to art and gameplay. Even in the very beginning, I noticed various hidden locations that can expound on the gameplay or lore as a whole. Although I've only played this for a solid hour, I can assure you that this game is wonderful. I fully recommend it.The gameplay is very simple from the beginning, and the turn-based battle system is flawless. I enjoy the various strategies I can take in order to attack my opponents faster, defend myself, prevent myself from being interrupted, and etcetera.The artistic side of the game is perhaps the reason why I first took a look at this game. I don't think I can say much about the artwork other than 'Just check it out. This game is beautiful'.Finally, the lore. My God, if you love poetry and a beautiful, enthralling, story-telling game, you are probably in heaven now. The story, so far, is amazing. I anticipate great things when I continue to play it.Child of Light is a 2.5D sidescrolling RPG adventure that follows the story of Aurora when she awakens in the land of Lemuria. The game is beautiful, the gameplay is simple and functional, and the story is fascinating. From the looks of things, this game is a MUST GET. For jut $14.99... there shouldn't be much of a reason why you wouldn't be able to buy Child of Light."
76561198021757713,Recommended,256290,9990291,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Neko-sama,"Beautiful music, gorgeous art and a fun Turn-Based combat. The story is rich and spoken very beautifully tho it can be kinda clichè some times, it still hold up to great measures.I recommend this game for anyone that like 2D fantasy with a gorgeous art with rich music!"
76561197992528533,Recommended,256290,10190152,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,sib2,10/10
,Recommended,256290,10034488,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Gene,"If you're a RPG player since birth you'll feel a lil bit nostalgic in this game. The classic turn based gameplay is just sooooooo amazing, especially the intro of each battle. I recommend this game to all my friends and to all RPG players !"
,Recommended,256290,10034773,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,[Epic] Kroenel,"Fell in love with this game, the soundtrack, art style, story, combat all have such detail into them, it is a game with a soul, a rare occurrence these days.There's joy in sadness."
76561198053779598,Recommended,256290,10492784,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,[PCB] Luiz Carlos Prestes,MUITO BOM RECOMENDO A TODOS SÉRIO
,Not Recommended,256290,13622290,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lithvea,"I really liked this game. I thought it was really fun and kept me entertained. It isn't the ""longest"" game I have ever played but for $2.00 I wasn't expecting a lot. The story line was cutesy and fun - and I enjoyed playing it. The only thing I disliked was having to download ""U Play"" which is like Steam- but really crappy and pointless. If it was just through ""Steam"" - that would be great! As I like to show my acheivements and share with my friends. However, because of ""U PLAY"" and it's forced installation to♥♥♥♥♥♥my desktop/hard drive and eyeballs - I will NOT be recomending this game. Ho Hum."
76561198025193945,Not Recommended,256290,13541412,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TitoDL,Uplay doesn't work on my computer. cannot return the game. This is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
76561198056010052,Not Recommended,256290,13463914,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Nopichu,"Requires a separate login account with Uplay. Cannot make an account because servers are always unavailable. If I had known I would not be able to play the game because of this, would not have bought, even during Steam sale"
,Not Recommended,256290,13530764,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Vaporomir,Game looked very interesting but I was upset to find that I needed uPlay. Aftering being promted to install uPlay I promtly removed both from my computer. Now I will probably have to pirate it so I can get around all this DRM.
,Not Recommended,256290,14333760,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,SineSwiper,Bought game.  Downloaded and installed game.  Launched game.  Got a Uplay proxy login screen instead.  Read that there was no way to de-couple the game from Uplay.Promptly uninstalled game.  ♥♥♥♥ Uplay.
,Recommended,256290,10203840,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Theanine,"This is likely my GOTY of 2014. One of the best RPGs I've ever played! The battle system is so addicting and fun. The game makes it very easy to avoid enemy encounters, but you'll find yourself wanting to intentionally confront enemies all the time, because the battles are just that fun. The characters are all really unique and charming, especially your party members. The game doesn't rehash or copy beaten-to-death cliches from RPGs of the past. It really goes out of its way to forge its own identity, making it feel really fresh and new. The visuals and music are absolutely stunning and incredibly memorable. I applaud Ubisoft for giving us this masterpiece!"
76561198113354508,Recommended,256290,10066920,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Big Yonsan,"The game is gorgeous and the music is haunting and wonderful. The mechanics of gameplay are smooth and intuitive and the combat system is simple but engaging and capable of punishing you for not paying close enough attention to it.If only it weren't for that pesky Uplay that crashes your game when some server goes down or just might not let you play...It'd be a shame to miss this one, but it would also be understandable if you don't like installing malware like Uplay or Origin on your rig."
76561198021918586,Recommended,256290,10024557,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,JayR-Star3,Flucken Awesome!!!
,Recommended,256290,10011831,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,illogicLotan,"This game has an amazing motion(graphics,sceneries) dressed up with a very smooth soundtrack! I enjoy every minute of it..Great Job Ubi! :)"
76561198040215961,Recommended,256290,10012647,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Thornz,The long awaited Turn Based RPG for your PC. 6/5
76561198036826597,Recommended,256290,10013235,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Light Wave,BUY IT.
76561198011692141,Recommended,256290,10013595,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,shryke,An excellent game from top to bottom.  If they ever made a fully voiced version I would buy it two more times.  As it is the game is well worth a measly $15.
76561198028097997,Recommended,256290,10013840,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Jyth,It's really good.
76561198095498297,Recommended,256290,9983691,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,brian.zarbock.email,"I am two hour into this game and love it. It is so whimisical but not childish, the combat system is intricate with out being too complex. The story feels so unique and fun I often times find myself really excited to find out what happens next which is usual for me because I have played so many RPG's and platformers. The game does a lot with out feeling cluttered and rewards you constantly without making you feel the game will be a breeze, for the price it is a great deal.Some downsides to balance out this glowing review is I am only 2 hours in so their is still a lot that can go wrong :P but will update this review as I go. Also the game dosn't give you a whole lot of direction which I feel in a way is a plus. Finally the PC version does have the U play gateway which is controversial but I don't mind it.Said I would edit when I was done and now that I am I can honestly say that I am a huge fan of this game, it was just the right length for the price and so original and so unique I have very little negative to say about it. If improves on the standard RPG format so well and highly reccomend.If you want to take a look at the game play check out my Let's Play Here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uZDltimkCA"
,Recommended,256290,12451446,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Flat Chest Hunter,"Child of Light...It's a game with beautiful Handpainted Graphic, Uniquely Good combat system, Some poetric rhyming and quite good storyline.in this game you play as Aurora in the Fairy Tale land of Lemuria. Seems child stuff at first. but i actually enjoy playing this game until the last moment of the game and then i got Existential crisis... As Always...GraphicThe second best thing in this game is the graphic. it's beautifully done, artistic and also look very smooth i think this game supports 4k Resolution? so 9/10 for the graphicCombat SystemThe best part of the game. you have a timeline in which there are 2 part in it. Wait and Cast. some action took longer time than other action so you or your enemy can interrupt each other depending who got to act first. very unique. so 10/10 for the combat systemRhymingSome people hate rhyming in this game. it's kinda weird but i personally love it. i love poetric stuff. and i find the rhyming in this game is beautiful. so this one is very subjective but i'll give it 8/10StorylineHonestly though, this game has a kinda standard storyline. it's about saving a world and as heir to Lemuria. you are obligated so save it's people and restore the light from the evil one. but i like it and i think that storyline is the perfect one for this game. so i give it like 7.8/10 subjective stuff though."
76561198072263820,Recommended,256290,16367128,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BigBadwolfm4n,It was purty
,Recommended,256290,15620130,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,KingofKingz958,"Anticipation can be a double edged sword. You get that stuttering, spine tingling feeling, so excited from the potential of something, but equally fearful because you glimpse something with such promise that you pray for it to live up to it, knowing how many times you’ve been disappointed before. This was the sensation I had when I first heard about Child of Light. Knowing the creators of Far Cry 3 were taking a brief step away from triple-A development to work on a smaller downloadable title sounded improbable, but very exciting.  But once I witnessed the jaw-dropping announcement trailer powered by the same graphical muscle behind the equally gorgeous and flamboyant Rayman Origins and Legends, I was immediately grabbed by the premise. I had my reservations, like my surprise that the publishers of the mega-franchise Assassin’s Creed would green-light this smaller project on a whim and whether the gameplay would eventually be a turn off for me, someone who has played very few JRPG’s. But that’s the incredible thing about Child of Light. It never failed to surprise me.Like a classic bedtime fairy tale, a calming chime and the voice of a whimsical woman heralds us in the opening moments, telling the story of Lemuria and the fall of this prosperous kingdom. A young girl named Aurora mysteriously falls comatose, causing her father to slip into illness from grief. She awakes in a mysterious land and the story begins, Aurora setting out to reunite with her father.The story is wrapped around a layer of iambic pentameter, presenting this almost Shakespearean prose with grace and ambience. Never in a game have I seen the writing take such center stage in the presentation. Whether in the several pre-rendered story cutscenes or traveling around Lemuria, you never go long without another sentimental and enjoyable piece of poetic lyric to accompany your journey. As a lover of well written situational poetry, I love how well the lines sync up with what you are doing at that moment, really adding to my enjoyment. The cast of characters may seem like generic fairy-tale characters, but their personalities were interesting companions for Aurora’s coming-of-age story. With a lovesick mouse, a helpless poetically challenged jester, a cowardly dwarf and more, the cast is colorful and varied, really allowing me to lose myself in this fantasy world. The firefly Igniculus isn’t a standout, but on top of serving numerous gameplay purposes, seems to be rather clueless and curious to aspects of the real human world. Aurora herself seems a bit spoiled at first, but quickly grows into the hero of her story. She helps the citizens of Lemuria, but always stays fixed on her goal of reuniting with her father. Her troubles at the end of the game after taking the whole journey with her made me care about her struggle. While it missed several story opportunities, it still provided a compelling reason to push through to the end.This was where my fears initially began to creep in. As I said, I’m not very familiar with JRPG’s or turn based gameplay in general, but the promise of the game allured me to keep an open mind. Simply put, the gameplay is sublime, simplifying the often-muddled ambiguous speed stats and who attacks first with a simple bar with moving icons on the bottom of the screen. The red end of the bar represents when you can make a move. This bar seamlessly tells you when you can attack and when your opponents can attack, allowing you to make decisions of what action to take. Every action, from using an item to casting spells has a cast time simply laid out from Instant to Very Long. Your opponents speed must be considered with every action, especially since if you are attacked while casting, you are interrupted, canceling your action and sending you further back on the bar. Mix this in with defending, status effects and attacks that hit multiple people at once, and you begin to see how this deceptively simple combat maintains it’s speedy pace and complexity. It’s easy for anyone to pick up, but true masters will learn the speeds of each adversary and know exactly when to interrupt, when to make gutsy plays and when to play it safe. You must always think two steps ahead to maximize your damage and minimize the damage you receive. You can only have two characters out at a time, and while I wished to eventually be allowed to use three, it may have made the game too easy. There are also skill trees and equipable stones to craft and upgrade the abilities of each party member. The skills are pretty varied and useful, but it made me wish for an even greater array of skills to upgrade to, instead of just endlessly upgrading the same abilities.Other aspects of the genre blend perfectly into the overall formula. The game mixes in puzzling and platforming elements as well between fights. The puzzles are simple fun, but won’t really provide much of a challenge. They also lack variety, with puzzles mostly boiling down to pushing blocks on a switch or casting shadows onto walls to open doors and activate objects. You quickly gain the ability to fly, naturally encouraging exploration for hidden items and chests in the sky and underground. Health is a bit too plentiful, but environmental hazards and hidden enemies keep you on your toes frequently. You also have Igniculus, a firefly companion who proves useful throughout the entire game. In combat he can slow down enemies and heal your allies. During exploration and puzzles he can open distant chests, light dark areas, activate switches, as well as letting you get the jump on unsuspecting enemies, yielding positional advantages on the bar for a Surprise Strike. A second player can control Igniculus, but unless you fully cooperate with your partner to maximize his abilities you may be better off by yourself.The gameplay rarely is difficult on Normal difficulty, but on Hard mode even a common enemy can inflict greater damage, with boss battles becoming a thrilling challenge. A New Game + option evens the odds, letting you carry over your stats in a second playthrough.Child of Light is a living, breathing poem and painting, with the soft voice of melancholic, child like wonder bringing you to a different place entirely. The Ubi-Art Framework engine that provided Rayman Legends with such vivid and colorful backgrounds are even more stunning here, with every distant mountaintop, forest, underwater grotto and nightmarish castle painstakingly delivered with a painterly, handcrafted feel.  The beauty and underlying danger around every corner compliments the calm atmosphere of exploring this world. The music is another major highlight, with an orchestral score evoking the mystery and danger of Lemuria, as well as the build-up necessary to show Aurora’s coming of age. There are also some opera-esque pieces for dramatic combat sections, which really give an epic feeling to the boss battles and major fights. It’s one of the most memorable soundtracks for me in recent memory, with numerous tracks coming to mind even after finishing the game.The measure of a masterpiece does not come from a singular element. It is achieved through the seamless melding of every aspect of the creation into one, cohesive vision that artfully sends the message of the artists. Child of Light is a wonderful and beautiful game, uncompromising in it’s commitment to it’s writing choice. The visuals are gorgeous, with almost every screen could stand alone as a beautiful watercolor painting. The combat is deep and extremely enjoyable, the story an endearing one of a girl facing a new, threatening world. The exploration is ominous and foreboding, but inviting. Every aspect of Child of Light blends into this amazing, central whole, providing an incredibly memorable and personal experience that stands as one of the absolute best games of 2014. I hope this wonderful game eventually cements itself as a classic."
,Recommended,256290,13731052,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,june,i dont like a lot of video games nor do i write a lot of recommendations but this game is good
,Recommended,256290,16488977,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Smite,"+10/10 Artwork+10/10 StorylineReally interesting game, I totally recommend this game to anyone who likes RPG's, action, and fantasy style games. I was addicted to this game until I finished the whole storyline."
,Recommended,256290,13824877,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Xenon,11/10 would poetry again.
76561198045284435,Recommended,256290,13928908,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Æ S T H Æ T H I C C B O I,I have the impression to play in living paintings. So beautiful.
76561197980697683,Recommended,256290,13934910,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Cat Fart,UPlay Sucks
76561198093914587,Recommended,256290,13935465,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Dovah-Juan,much beautifulness
,Recommended,256290,13936872,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Jindango,adorable fairy tale told through a solid rpg
76561198137383995,Recommended,256290,19089387,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Den,"This is one of the absolute best RPGs I've played in a long time. The pacing is beautiful. You won't find yourself grinding for hours on end. It's beautiful and relaxing, thought provoking in places and the storyline is just amazing. I laughed, I cried, and the world looked a little more beautiful after I finished it. The only downside was that it felt short, but I guess that's how it is with the things we love, they never do last long enough. Please give it a go it is worth your time and money."
,Recommended,256290,16743827,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Senator Cthulu,"An absolutely beautiful game, that was an absolute pleasure to play. Almost everything was perfect about it: the artstyle, the music, the battle system, the fact that Caroline Dhavernas from Wonderfalls is the narrator. The only downside to it is the fact that the party system is only built for two characters, and there are so many characters to use, you don't bother switching them out and will stick with your mains. That, however, is a minor problem, and does hinger this wonderful game in any way. Please, Ubisoft, more heartfelt video games like this, and less heartless dross like Assassins Creed"
76561198035589579,Recommended,256290,28834797,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Conall,Very polished with good difficulty in places.
,Recommended,256290,12946465,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,IGC | StArBrEaKeR22,"This is one of the best modern day rpg's I have played in awhile. I use to be a huge Final Fantasy fan but FF XIII and XIII-2 really spoint it for me.I was craving a turn-based rpg game (unlike Final Fantasy where you can win boss battles by pushing one ♥♥♥♥ing button) until I heard about this game. I'll admit, I thought it was going to be a complete failure but then I tried the demo and it was amazing. As soon as I could afford it, I bought it. I have no regrets what so ever and everthing about this game is amazing.The battles, the story, just everything.I would rate this game a solid 9/10"
,Recommended,256290,14567489,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,certifiablygeeky,"I would definitely recommend giving this game a look. It's beautifully artistic and the soundtrack is well done. It's a platforming game that for lack of a better term, uses turn based elements during battle sequences."
76561198138089243,Not Recommended,256290,22183957,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,TheBellaBubbles,Can not even get past the menu without it crashing.
76561198108602164,Not Recommended,256290,22066788,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Poulet_LE_Mustard,Prepare to be amazed by the power of Uplay......
,Recommended,256290,22196790,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Winter.IV,
76561198169419652,Recommended,256290,22246559,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,rainbowcol0rs,yes.
,Recommended,256290,22036903,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,LetMeTadYouAbout,"Incredibly fun battle system.  You control a fairy like creature that you can use to heal your team or slow the speed of enemies.  As the battle goes on theres a bar at the bottom of the screen that has icons of your party and the enemies go past.  Near the end if you manage to hit an enemy during the last moments before their attack, the attack is cancelled and they get pushed back in the time line.  However!  The same can happen to you.  The combat becomes a super in depth game of planning and timing thats really REALLY fun.  The only complaint I have about it is that some attacks that enemis do have longer or shorter times when it hits the attack animation so you can plan ahead to be in front and interrupt their attack but they decided to use a much faster attack and knock you back.  Really wish they would have implemented a little pop up showing how fast the spell/attack animation is for combat.But yeah legit 9.5/10 RPG.  Also the game is adorable as ♥♥♥♥ yo"
,Recommended,256290,18367080,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Spiffo the guiding racoon,It Is A Good Game :D
,Recommended,256290,22042626,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Pererepep,Simple. Beautiful. Fun.
,Recommended,256290,24836758,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,BolaTheBall,Like RPG's and artstyle this is your game.
,Recommended,256290,24845309,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,The Ryan,"It's a good game in the JRPG style without the Japenese elements to it (anime, hyperbole, etc.).  Though the ending felt a bit rushed, the game was enjoyable throughout.  There are a lot of ways to approach battles, many different tactics depending on which characters to want to use, so there may be some replayability for those endeavoring to experiment.  Character progression relies on players making choices of which stats to boost and which abilities to learn, which I think is a great mechanic that many modern JRPGs have gotten away from.  You can level these characters to suit your style, and you're not just filling spheres on a skill tree without branches.The rhyming dialogue is interesting, bouncing between clever and annoying at times, but overall I think it's a success.  I'd recommend for anyone who enjoys RPGs with turn-based battles.  It's not a very difficult game, and there's plenty of side stuff to do if you go looking for it."
76561197973010957,Recommended,256290,12318484,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,DrStrange,This is a side scrolling exploration game with classic and simplistic turn based RPG combat.This game is undeniable beutiful and is like playing a water painting. I skipped over most the story but I still found it to be neat.Gameplay was simple but great - I really enjoyed both exploring and combat.Highly recommend this gem. Which should age well thanks to it's art style.
,Recommended,256290,16053900,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,^Tenshimon^,Beautiful artwork. Really enjoyed playing through the story and having an obsession to collect and craft gems. Only the way the seat in riddle could make me a little crazy. .
,Recommended,256290,13558967,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Harue,"Game with beautiful graphic design,and a nice storyline you just cant disagreed thatIt's a ''Role play rpg'' but feels diffrent"
,Recommended,256290,23982601,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Stumpie,"This game is a gem! The art is so cute, great soundtrack, lovely dialogue and story, peaceful atmosphere and simple but fun gameplay! The game length is a bit short but it is worth the price of $15 as other aspects are too good.I would highly recommend this game if you looking for a relaxation!"
,Recommended,256290,23978551,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,PumpkinM,"Nicely designed game. Easy to play and understand. Nice storytelling to the game, which interests me a lot."
76561198065833387,Recommended,256290,18430962,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,bobdragon27 csgobig.com,"Hook up an hdmi cable to your TV, dim the lights, set the volume to high, grab a controller, and get ready to have your ♥♥♥♥ing mind blown"
76561198047023309,Recommended,256290,23151038,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Envi,"Pros: pretty, centered around girls and women, musicCons: white white white, awful writing, poor pacingGorgeous Watercolor SceneryChild of Light by Ubisoft is the prettiest game I’ve ever played. Every frame of every environment looks like it could be hung in a gallery. Seriously, just look at this:The environments and backgrounds were simply breathtaking. The artwork and the squid-like hair movement made the game for me.Girls Girls GirlsLet’s talk about how many women and girls there are throughout the entire game! SO MANY WOMEN AND GIRLS. It starts and ends with girls, which is how it should be. Aurora, the main character. The Lady of the Forest, who is the Queen of Light. Rubella, the first addition to the party. The Capilli leader. Norah, the sister. Magna, the giant. Cordelia, another sister. Gen, an orphan.  Umbra, the queen.The story’s premise and narrative also reveals a very matrilineal focus as the struggle for the throne involves primarily a feud between two queens, and their daughters are the ones who inherit that pain and burden. The narrator also reveals herself to be a mother and even a queen (perhaps Aurora herself), as the game wraps up with “Soon it will be your turn, princess, to leave on an adventure.”I do not believe that they make up a majority of the named characters in the game (based on my quick tallying of all the characters I ran into), but I’m honestly just excited that there are this many at all. It’s so refreshing to see a game spotlight young girls for this coming of age story.Not-Princess in a TowerChild of Light puts a flip on the typical princess in a tower trope. This time, it’s the dad wasting away in his tower as the princess journeys to save him. He ends up getting “fridged,” or killed off just to move the plot along and provide the main character motivation to exact revenge, a role typically reserved for hot girlfriends or beautiful damsels. It’s refreshing to see this role reversal, if the trope must exist in some form.Religious ImageryI get so excited talking about this. Child of Light is just drenched in religious imagery, heavily reminiscent of Christian arts and biblical stories, and it’s beautiful. From the moment Aurora wakes up on the altar, there’s something not just magical but spiritual about the world.The game opens with a cinematic of long, narrow stained glass windows as the narrator introduces us to the plight of the Austrian dukedom. Already, it’s like we’re walking around a brilliant, illuminated cathedral in the moonlight.In the image above, the Queen of Light is depicted with her head surrounded by a large sunburst. It’s easily recognized as a parallel to the radiant halos in religious imagery used to indicate holiness. The Queen of Light proves to have power over life itself and various other miracles (granting Aurora flight, for instance). Her title and this halo serve as an early indication that she is more than mortal and holds not only kindness in her heart but also divinity.All of the story’s major cut scenes, which narrate the plot of the game, similarly feature stained glass cinematics, styled in a way that clearly reflects the stylistic features of the popular storytelling medium found in Christian churches.The story features resurrection, a flood, and a new beginning in a new world—all significant themes of major events in biblical narratives (the resurrection of Jesus and the Genesis flood).Yet, unlike actual Christianity, the world and story of Child of Light is entirely centered around women and girls.Aurora is the savior. She is resurrected—twice.The wise woman, the Lady of the Forest, is a mother. It’s revealed later that she is actually the Queen of Light, living on after her mortal death. Even though the Queen only shows up in the game a couple of times, her presence is felt throughout it all, through the flute song that Aurora and many others recognize as the Queen’s melody as well as the repeated mention of her memory as a beloved figure and leader among the people.On the other side, darkness is also represented by a woman and her daughters.Child of Light brilliantly tells its story in a way that feels so familiar and sacred while at the same time refusing to put any spotlight on men, who traditionally dominate Christian and other religious spaces.The Not-Magic FluteI absolutely loved the role of the flute in the game and story.It’s not magic. You can’t use it as an item in battle. Instead, Aurora uses it when there’s nothing else. It’s a coping skill. Nothing changes, but you feel better, and so do those around you. And that’s important, especially in circumstances of loss, grief, isolation, and chaos. A lot of video games champion a do-it-all strongman hero who just loves saving the world and wins rewards through direct actions against evil. But here, our characters have emotions, feel sad, feel lost, and need help. Yes, they slay dozens of evil creatures and save little villages, one at a time, but it’s hard, and sometimes they make mistakes, and sometimes they don’t know what to do. The flute and its song gives them peace, reminds them of home, and renews their hope.The music in this whole game is beautiful all around, but the flute song is particularly special and really touching because of the way Aurora uses it to ground herself and practice self care. Coping skills are so crucial to every journey, and I’m so happy it was included in this game in such a significant way.Okay, lets get into the dirt.So, this game is far from perfect. Here are my complaints.♥♥♥♥ You, RobertRobert is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ honestly, and he never gets put in his place. His story arc is 1000% the overdone trope of “If I just try hard enough, gain enough money and hero status, I’ll get the girl.” Why anyone thought this story belonged in this game that is otherwise about awesome and genuine love for family and community… I have no idea. Margaret, Robert’s love interest, is super awesome and totally tells him off with a sweet “Boy, you don’t know me!” in her first appearance, but, unfortunately, she is forced as a trophy into Robert’s life during the ending round of story arc wrap-ups.Why do all the royal girls look the same?I get that they’re sisters, but they’re not blood sisters, and why would you pass up the opportunity to draw and create several unique and individual female characters. It just felt so cookie cutter to me, like “We just have 1 model of a girl and we’re gonna copy paste that for all the girls in this game—maybe change their hair color.""I’m used to seeing this happening in gritty action games, where there are no playable female characters and women are used either as decoration to ""set the scene” or as disposable but sexy bodies. So it is weird to see this practice repeated here in this game centered around female characters. And the rest of our party is so diverse in the way they look; I don’t know why they decided not to carry that over to the main character and villains."
,Not Recommended,256290,22779186,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,danielshadow,"I'm getting tired of having to sign up with a new network account for every game I buy. I already bought the game, why do I need to sign-in to someone else's network to be able to play it???"
,Recommended,256290,24087367,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,๖ۣۜMagic Bunny,"Best artwork (all in watercolors!) and amazing story! Characters are vary well made, with diolog that rhymes everything! Only downsides is short story and Uplay. The Uplay isnt all that bad because you  can skip the 2 step varification, and the short story isn't all that bad because it stays fun even after beating it 4 times! I have over 30 hours in the Wii U version of this game!"
76561198033981178,Recommended,256290,32997386,Posted: 29 June,all,brian,Gud Gaem. Ryeming bad 8/8 gr8 m8
76561198040653599,Recommended,256290,16669635,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Jeanette,"A fun title that could have been more.First, the positives: the art work is beautiful; really stunning watercolour design. Second, the music, whilst the tunes get very familiar, they're also pretty easy on the ears too. You'll find yourself humming along before long. The gameplay is surprisingly challenging. I reccommend playing on 'gamer' mode to properly experience Child of Light. There's a nice skill tree available to each character and the AI does not play nice. I'll readily admit I died a few times in this game.On the 'less' positive side is the story. It's very simplistic, unfortunately so. The real meat of the story is hidden away in difficult to locate 'diary entries'. There's a lot that could have been done to flesh out characters. The game script gets a little tedious also. The nusery rhyme style, whilst cute to a point, can make reading a little frustrating, especially when trying to decipher the aforementioned diary entries.3 1/2 stars."
76561198198346662,Recommended,256290,23267741,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Rangers,"Painting, music, people, and the plot, nearly perfect, and there is a desolate beauty."
,Recommended,256290,13248630,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,B0T Timmy,A good game ... if you can pass the UPLAY quest
,Recommended,256290,16333918,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Q Sirius Doritos,"The whole living in a little girl's fairytail is nice and all with the pretty colors and music, but the real fun is in the battles. Play on hard mode!"
,Recommended,256290,16334247,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,bland flakes,"Sometimes whimsical and others dark, this fairy tale turned action-RPG is great fun."
,Recommended,256290,18363002,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Avolition,"The art and game design are brilliant and very enjoyable.  However, personally I thought the poetry which comprises all the dialog left a lot to be desired.  It makes it difficult to follow the story.  However, overall I give this game a favorable rating so far."
76561198136899043,Recommended,256290,27186427,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Denis,It's sooooooo pretty. The guys who made the art should get an award.
,Recommended,256290,26435033,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,newblood40,It's so pretty but it doesn't tell you how to save the game. Unless it's one of those old fashined games were there is no save and each time you die you get sent back to the beginning. I doubt it though. I could have also not played the game far enough for me to reach a check point or something. Despite that I also love the story so far. It's totally going old fashened with its story when it comes to fairytales.
,Recommended,256290,26362757,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,DenverMe,"Holy hellThis is my favorite game to play on console, and maybe just flat out favorite. I recommend a controller because this game has amazing controller support. I warn you, the PC steam version is a bit slow, but you can increase the speeds in battles to about normal if you have this issue. The interface, saving, skill tree, story, bassically anything involved in this game is amazing. I have hundreds of hours and all the DLC on my xbox, and I can tell you the DLC is all worth it even if it doesn't alter the game much (besides the rock quest one gives you,) because the character designs are a breath of fresh air, and the heal skill light aurora gives you is essential if you're new to this style game. But not having DLC doesn't make this game any more of an amazing experience than it already is, and from the bottom of my heart, I tell you buy this game!"
,Recommended,256290,27139149,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cancer,"Love everything in this game. The soundtrack, the animation, the graphics (like water painting, remind me of my friend), the combat, the skills, and last but not least, the story."
76561197996878135,Recommended,256290,27067682,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kris,Play it
76561198261237808,Recommended,256290,26372458,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,white_rhythm,"I review this when I am at Chapter 7. But I want to review this game before I finish it.Unstoppable playing this game. I really like soundtrack, of course the art work, and also the animation in game. You can paly this game all night without noticing the time. Sometimes U-Play program annoyed me. but compare to the game it's nothing!"
76561198175501165,Recommended,256290,26447804,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,rude_skywalker,one of the best under the rader rpg's out there. it does a great job in setting the atmosphere.on expert mode its a tad difficult but nothing a working brain can't conquer. Uplay isnt obtrusive either it works just fine. i got it on sale but wouldn't mind paying full price for this beauty. thumbs up from me.
,Recommended,256290,26409704,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,UniVerse,"Child of Light, after some disscussion with a friend it is more like Child of Art. That is the whole game, a giant artwork.The music is amazing, the art is beutiful, the story is kinda generic but the way it is done (with poetry) just made me love it that much more and had me screaming at anyone who made their sentences rhyme. And that's just the asthetics.The battle system is simple but highly enjoyable. Everyone has their own unique skills makeing each member useful in their own right.For example, One guy is more of a tank and has a skill to attract attention and another person has a skill to the elemental spells.With the confides of only having 2 people in the field at once, it makes the battles more diverse and challenging to a point.The length of the game, though it felt short, is actually quite long for an RPG. It took me about 12 hours to complete the game once and I will replay it again sometime in the future on the hard difficulty. The game is definitly worth your time and money."
76561198066305411,Recommended,256290,27575485,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,McTowelie420,This is such a great game I ended up buying it twice.
76561197971929508,Recommended,256290,27280362,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Mind,"A game of pure poetry, the music is extraordinary and the enviroment is something like a fable."
,Recommended,256290,27093753,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kromit,Great game
,Recommended,256290,26452768,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,flsfr,Took 10+ hours just for f*ckn Uplay.
,Recommended,256290,26991118,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eldest Roshan,"This game is beautiful, very touching adventure.Play it when you are sad and your mind will be refreshed.$15 is a bit expensive, you should buy it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,256290,27318693,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Geldoran,Awesome game.Totally addicive so be warned your time will go quicklyGood increases in difficulty but beautifully put together
76561198012244248,Not Recommended,256290,27004096,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ROAD WAR,"biggest reason not to get this is you do not have camera control as the player, its a jumping game, and the camera itself moves all over the place. Second biggest reason is uplay is pretty lame, it crashed my computer first time i exited the game. Extremely bathetic doggerel. I dunno, if cloying verse is your thing, you might dig this. Thankfully steam is pretty cool about returns."
,Recommended,256290,26123788,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,David Kun,Beautiful game.
,Recommended,256290,22227336,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,L. F. Antrider,g
,Recommended,256290,27223670,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NColignon,"One of the best game ever!!!! Great and original story, greats graphics and the most important thing, Incredible gamepl"
76561198080273278,Recommended,256290,26446191,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,jonrk1999,"100% would recommend, beautiful story, music and artwork, worthwhile for those reasons alone, seriously get the game already"
76561198053614311,Recommended,256290,26369792,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,King☜☆☞Kira™,dosent work steam shows running every time i try to launch it it add 1 mins of play time and never even starts not even a black screen thats how got 5 mins on itfixed it wes uplays faultgood game
76561198062392716,Recommended,256290,14411113,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Paddy,"Charming is the word that comes to mind.Child of Light was a game that surprised me. Seeing as it came out amidst Ubisoft titles that were... not so stellar, it's understandable that I wouldn't expect much going in. Coming out the other side, I can safely say that it's one of my favourite games of all time, perhaps not the best, but one of my favourites. It's unbelievably relaxing, yet suitably challenging if you choose to play on hard. Though the combat was perfectly fluid and all of the party members and battles were nicely balanced, that's definitely not the game's strong point. The overrall atmosphere is simply unparalleled. The art is unique, the music is, though nothing ground-breaking, perfectly excuted, and the delivery of the story is very refreshing, it following a fairy tale style, often in rhyme. The game may leave you wanting more, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. It's definitely not an experience you'll be forgetting anytime soon.This really is just a beautiful little RPG. I can't recommend it enough."
76561198042181710,Recommended,256290,11341478,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Kooplugg,ye
76561197975895891,Recommended,256290,12446147,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,-[c-unit]- dark-crow,"This was a nice ride through a cute lil world. It was more than I exptected. I didn't thought that there would be so many party members for your group. It's a shame that only 2 play at a time but it's easy to change between the fights. Nice characters, nice graphic-style. A big skill tree and every few rounds you can update your tree so you always get better and stay motivated. If you like an innocent rpg adventure with rhymes, you should buy this game."
,Recommended,256290,10856835,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,PINK JELLY FISH,ART 10/10GAMEPLAY 9.6/10STORY 8.8/10FLUIDITY OF THE STORY 9.3/10CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT FOR THIS GENRE 9/10BRILLAIANCE 9.8/10CREATIVENESS 10/10MUSIC 11/10BEAUTIFUL IN ITS SIMPLICITY.♥♥♥♥ING GET IT. YOU WILL LOVE IT.CAPSLOCK
76561198127276425,Recommended,256290,12376008,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,HardAppleCider,"This game is masterfully crafted.  Everything about it, from the music, to the animations, to the art style, all meld together for a wonderful experience.  It has one of the best OSTs I've ever heard.You shouldn't miss this game.  It's a charmer that's very fun."
,Recommended,256290,14219882,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Deceitful Drongo,just buy it and play it for yourself
76561198041975791,Recommended,256290,16681735,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,momastic,I love it. So fresh but yet familiar. 8/10 maybe 9. Love it. Should you buy ... Yes?
,Recommended,256290,17062374,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,waterworrier,"Despite some of the reviews claiming Uplay to be the cause of a lot of issues... I have, thus far, had no problems with it.While I have not yet beaten the game, I shall still recommend it simply based on the art style, atmosphere, and the amusing rhyming/poetic aspect of everything spoken in game.The are a few little puzzles here and there, but nothing much aside from box pushing and moving your mouse just right.The combat is unique as well.You can see enemies in the area as you are traveling. When going to fight one it brings up a turn based encounter event. Some encounters simply require the old style method of mindlessly mashing your basic attack button. Other's require a bit of strategy.A uniqute aspect to encounters is using your mouse (and your little buddy that you control with it) to slow the enemies actions, heal yourself, and collect 'wishes' during the encounters. This incorporates a bit of timing and determining which enemy to target first. If timed right and you have a touch of luck, you can make it through some encounters without taking any damage at all.I suppose I should mention a downside to the game.The main story is, thus far, rather enjoyable. But the little side quests you find from various NPC's are not so much. They do give you some nice rewards... but tend to be rather vague with how to go about doing them. Or just rather annoying by having you backtrack several areas to find something that has now spawned there only to grab it and travel all the way back.Very time consuming and sometimes the rewards don't quite match up to the effort put into them.Overall it is well worth getting. If you like RPG style games, exploring in a 2d environment, and the general oddities of what you might find... it is worth it."
76561198089493574,Recommended,256290,10010693,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Hunter,sucha wonderful game with such new style + story and graphics...i recommend it strongly
76561198066943605,Recommended,256290,25225448,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Extra Crispy,"I don't think I've even gotten to the middle of the game but I've got two words for you: ""Get.it."" The end."
76561198041465216,Recommended,256290,20625818,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,America's Most Wanted,"The gameplay is fresh and fun. Combat allows for a mix of strategy and variety, without being overly complex. The story is fine enough, maybe even good at times. Character design was great at the start, but tapered off at the end. Dialogue was rough. Really, really rough. Everything rhymes, which was cute at first, but most, if not all of the time, it comes off forced and annoying."
,Recommended,256290,18361958,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Dank meme cerial guy,I love this game. The art.... THE ART....Uplay isn't that bad.... deal with it ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
,Not Recommended,256290,26329793,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Haryo25,UPLAY! :(
,Recommended,256290,25545767,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Maligor,Velly Velly Velly gwood game!!!
76561198044199020,Recommended,256290,32796856,Posted: 25 June,all,TSM DEXTER,Really good game that had a lot of cool music and would recommend to buy especially on sale
,Recommended,256290,32770163,Posted: 25 June,all,Pennenzak,Very pretty!  Loved the story and gameplay.
,Recommended,256290,32712100,Posted: 23 June,all,glob,I don't think I've ever played a game like this before ;A; So enchanting and beautifuuuuul~Go play it! Loveable characters + breathtaking backgrounds + awesome scoring + fun battle system aaaaaaaaaahhhh
76561198056871526,Recommended,256290,32783238,Posted: 25 June,all,The Tempest,"Great atmosphere and soundtrack, solid gameplay and story. Really recommend this."
,Recommended,256290,26699576,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,BishopManny,Gorgeous artwork and wonderful music are to this game intrinsic.
,Recommended,256290,21167032,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Som3Tyng,Gameplay(3/5)History(4/5)Graphics(3/5)Soundtrack(5/5)Characters(3/5)Setting(4/5)Multiplayer / Co-op(2/5)Difficulty(2/5)Fun(3/5)
,Recommended,256290,20286857,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,MarkGTX1070,"FromFor thirty seven dimes,you get a game that rhymes,a glorious game,about a badass dame."
,Recommended,256290,15025082,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Melsa Hvarei,"Beautiful game with an amazing sound track, and good gameplay as well. I highly recommend it"
,Recommended,256290,23482313,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Beyr*QC,"Beautiful, solid, poetic and stunning. It's a RPG like no other.Would recommend anytime."
,Recommended,256290,14482914,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Everybody Loves Raymond,"Finally, I got the patches for this game. I'd like to say thank you to the game developers for having the game crash issue fixed.This is a scroll game. And there is a very friendly traditional-Chinese interface. I just played about 12 minutes, and it's frames effects me so much. I'd like to say it is very excellent!"
,Recommended,256290,13508495,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rammsteniako,Worth it! I feel bad for the people not buying this game because of the DRM.... it's really that good of a game! 9/10
76561198001744156,Recommended,256290,10068707,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Trey,"This is one of the better turn bassed rpg's i'v played in a long time.The art style is pretty original, and it never gets boring to look at.The combat is easy to learn, but never gets dull.The story is a bit simple, but doesnt feel re-used or cleche.I recomend using a controller instead of keyboard.Date: June 29 2014. Just finished this game. When the credits started rolling, I realized that the story was much more than I originally thought. This game is worth a second playthrough because of the new game+."
76561198010110667,Recommended,256290,11092306,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Scare Ball,"Excellent music and artwork. Reasonable amount of content for $15. Fairly strategic turn-based battles for a jRPG-style active combat system (deeper than simply mashing A/X to get through one tedious grind after the next).If you're not manly enough to play a fairy tale game about a little girl, then I don't even know what to say to you bro.P.S. Yes it requires Uplay, if you're adamant about boycotting those titles."
,Recommended,256290,10350470,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,titan219,Envoutant!!!
76561198015197776,Recommended,256290,21040455,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Jazriel,"This game is a masterpiece. Even with the Uplay jank or whatever. You can change the settings so Uplay doesn't pop up and the game auto-launches instead. This game is a true gem, play it."
,Recommended,256290,33663580,Posted: 19 July,all,Xyloph,"Only an hour in, but the music in very nice, the graphics are amazing and the gameplay is much better than I expected. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,256290,33679892,Posted: 20 July,all,-=WinterCactus=-™,"The gameplay gets a little too repetitive but everything else makes this game an absolute masterpiece.Astounding music, art, story, and unique type of turn based combat!"
76561198056444668,Recommended,256290,33732047,Posted: 22 July,all,Thoth,+ great combat system+ cute story and characters+ beautifuly painted scenes and creatures+ easy to learn but hard to master+ very tactical and brain demanding- gameplay feels repetitive after a while
76561198110940405,Recommended,256290,33698154,Posted: 21 July,all,Bet Men,"This game is absolutely gorgeous. I'm usually not the type of person to play turn based combat games, but this one caught my attention. I played this along with someone else, and the second player contributes more than you would expect. Second player interacts like you do in Mario Galaxy, but better.Would definitely recommend to anyone who like to be immersed in pretty graphics and good story."
76561198036827459,Recommended,256290,33768925,Posted: 24 July,all,Rangerskirt,Beautiful visual art style with great music additions.Takes a nice twist on classic fairy tales with enjoyable characters and fun turn based combat.
,Recommended,256290,33245549,Posted: 4 July,all,Rave,"Beautyfull graphics, wonderful soundtrack, nice story... This game looks like a novel made videogame, and that's pretty original and pretty cool. I recommand it ;)"
76561198104036352,Recommended,256290,33681053,Posted: 20 July,all,jetqblue,"Child of Light is a complete joy to play. It's a mix between a traditional RPG, where battles spawn and you and your team are in a fight to the death and a side scroller.The game is visually stunning and a treat to see. Your charater has levels, skills and equipment like in most RPGs.They took special care in making a great story, and telling the story right. Much of the dialog is like a poem and very artfully done.In all an A+ game and kid friendly. A must have!"
,Recommended,256290,13962062,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Lloyd Clive,Its been a strange year when ubisoft can make a better jrpg than square enix.
76561198029588955,Recommended,256290,11020143,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Lazkopat24,Shh.. No words just feels .
,Recommended,256290,10154269,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,llanodeonte,This game is simply amazing. The artwork and soundtrack are beautiful. I highly recommend this game.
76561198034443801,Recommended,256290,10160368,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,D-Rock Nonstop,"Don't let the childish trappings of this game deter you - it's a beautiful and engaging romp. The artwork is nothing short of spectacular, and the combat is strategic enough to remain interesting and fun. The rhyming nature of the dialog can make it a bit silly at times, and the story is somewhat simplistic, but the world is and rewarding and interesting to explore. There are lots of secrets and a few optional sidequests that took some time to puzzle out. The characters are memorable and unique. I only wish it were longer!"
,Recommended,256290,10165403,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Charlizard,Just beat the main story of the game and are still working on some side quests. Its a really quick game but really is one of my favorites in a while the art is the reason I bought the game and it didnt disapoint at all. I cried in a few parts and really got attached to the story. I would reccomend this to anyone who like JRPG because the battle system is great.
76561198048012668,Recommended,256290,10208761,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,shadowsquad224,"An excellent game full of joy, sadness, darkness, and entertainment; such a story leading you through the fantasy world ofLumaria! In this game playing as a fallen princess discovering the hardships of life as she grows and learns more about both worlds and the lives of many. I highly recomend this to anyone wanting a good RPG with a great story and excitment at every corner. I don't recomend this to those who simply want to skip poetic and thoughtfully created story lines because they just want to say they finished this."
76561198121113370,Recommended,256290,9982835,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Aeternum Horizon,"""What's inside? Homicide!""Child of Light is a surprisingly fun RPG that's basically a modernized spin on the fairy tail storytelling genre. Everything looks, sounds, and feels fantastical and artistic, from the oil painting-esque graphics to the poetic dialogue, this game is definitely worth more than the $14.99 price tag.There's several classic RPG elements here: characters level up, you get allies that fill up all sorts of roles, a skill tree, collectibles, crafting system, and turn based combat. In terms of the last one though, Child of Light gives a new spin on the old turn based combat formula: instead of having a set order, you have a waiting period and a cast period. During the waiting period, all characters involved in the battle move slowly to the cast period, and once they reach that point, you'll be able to select your moves. During this period, though, if either character hits another character that's also in the cast period, you can ""interrupt"" their move, sending them a little bit farther back into the waiting period. It's a system that takes getting used to at first, but it doesn't take long to strategize around it.Overall, the hype behind this game was right on target; this game is one of the best RPGs that have come out for a long time. Although there's sadly no class system, there are plenty of skills to learn through the skill tree, and the amount of grinding that you end up doing doesn't feel too monotonous, as you'll quickly level up and earn extra rewards. Also, characters in your party level up at about the same time, so for those who just like to stick to a few characters, there's no need to worry that any other characters are falling behind."
,Recommended,256290,10000163,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Jas i'm dyslexic,"if your plannig to get this game, BUY IT! it's got Wonderful art! plus a beautiful fairy tale story line! a great gift for all ages!"
,Recommended,256290,9999458,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Kyru Senpai,The music and art in this game is beautiful.  The gameplay is very casual and fun with new mechanics I haven't seen anywhere else.  The only dlc worth getting is The Golem's Phlight.  It also has a great story that has had lots of love put into and will thoroughly enjoy. I give it an 8/10.
,Recommended,256290,10041885,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Bhima,"Awesome artwork, great turn based RPG!"
76561198027964624,Recommended,256290,10044260,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Fillo,Exquisite
76561198008991328,Recommended,256290,10065732,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Bookoowookoo,"Worth it for the soundtrack alone, great game."
,Recommended,256290,10068694,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,ProgrammerWhammer,So Beautiful
,Recommended,256290,10077056,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,暗月の剣,"Child of Light is one of the emotional RPG turn based I've ever played. The graphic on 3D model character is acceptable but the most stunning is those 2D water color elements in this game!Bosses and Monsters in this game are quite challange interm of timing and abilities since it's timing RPG.For those who seek the 2DRPG game, I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,256290,10077453,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,zhuxiong,I wish I could sleep and play this game at the same time.
,Recommended,256290,10078023,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,hagspam,"Short but brillant game. Love the art, and the game is really fun. Only bad thing is the bosses are stale because of the battle system. If it was only the boss you could just prevent the boss from every doing anything. So they added 2 bad guys to each of the boss fights, so you kill them and then the boss can't do anything. That was my biggest issue with the game."
76561198009815661,Recommended,256290,10083172,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,L.O.P.,This is not a game. This is a fairy tale.
76561197999336578,Recommended,256290,10083877,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Pixel Squid,Beautiful game. Best played coop with a not so game savvy friend otherwise you might get bored with the limited skillset of the firefly. Otherwise very much recommend!
76561198039197999,Recommended,256290,10089119,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Hugh.C,"The cartoon graphic may not look screaming, but it is a game with so many digging around, I have not play such great RPG for a while, great story wiriting and BGM, the best is combat system. For 15 bucks, you cannot miss this soonner or later."
76561198097172992,Recommended,256290,10089879,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,agxryt,"Intuitive, simple, but deep. Artisticly unique, reminds me of Journey. Beautiful game."
76561198107149146,Recommended,256290,10092936,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Pootis,Recommended to all. New RPG style with amazing story
76561197992564627,Recommended,256290,10095995,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,ultimateKS,"AWESOME GAME! I'VE BEEN WAITING MY WHOLE LIFE JUST FOR THIS! kidding, but it's really dope. good work on the art team!"
76561198086702862,Recommended,256290,10352628,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,gmoyajp,"Child. Tuck yourself in bedAnd let me tell a storyOf Lemuria, a long lost kingdom,And a girl born for glory.I haven't play it but look's promising!!"
,Recommended,256290,10355926,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Shana,Recommed for RPG fans. A great game that you can easily get into with good graphics and great gameplay. I rate a 10/10 for this game.
76561198052369471,Recommended,256290,10375971,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Seyfert,"Gorgeous artwork and whimsical environment,Magnificent music and rhyming verses galore,Certainly worth playing, truly a requirement.I really, really do want to play some more."
,Recommended,256290,10378213,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,sneeze,its like the most beatiful game of the year
76561198018186631,Recommended,256290,10386429,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,tacobowl8 [FFN],A pure fairy tale with wonderful music and art.  The presentation is amazing.
76561198078365202,Recommended,256290,10388746,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,IceAriE,"This game is just EPIC! I love the artstyle used in this game and that the poety always slaps me speachless! This is definetly one of my favourite games. I just really REALLY want to play more of this game, like if there was the second part where Aurora is queen od Lemuria but then gets attacked by a new dark boss, even when i glimpsed back at this game, it gave me many memories... :)"
,Recommended,256290,10389202,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,rahnawyn,"Gorgeous animation, beautiful, haunting melodies, and a fantastical story - what more could you want?Decent rhymes, I suppose.But really, that's my only complaint. With a story told entiretly in iambic pentameter, you'd think that Ubisoft would have put more effort into making them... rhyme, but at least half the time I'm grimacing at the quality of the dialogue in this story.The rest of this game is a joy to play. It's very open-ended to how you choose to play -- the way the turn-based battle system is constructed, you can choose to be just as tactical as you want. I'd recommend this for nearly anyone, especially if you're already an RPG fan or if art, music, and storytelling are at all important to you."
,Recommended,256290,10401591,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,jernesto,"is hard to say. good gameplay but it does NOT save the game, the only thing that says is that is a problem with the cloud and can't syncronize the last save"
76561198067369811,Recommended,256290,10424697,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Princess,"Great game. Amazing art. Combat seems simple at first but there is a lot of you can do with it. Simple fun rpg, with custom skill sets really a fun game."
76561197970646531,Recommended,256290,10463457,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Kyrth,"They said they were inspired by Chrono Trigger and Finaly Fantasy 6, two of my favorite games, and it shows. The battle system is simple but fun, and it forces you to pay attention. I love the idea of being able to fly anywhere too. I really enjoyed it. However, the dialogue is terrible. The idea is to have every single line rhyme, which is ok in theory, but it is written really badly. After every single battle most of your party levels up, which detracts from the feeling of accomplishment. I was level 47 when I realized that I didn't level up after a battle. The animation and art style is beautiful, but I didn't really like the character artwork at all. The music is really nice, but relies heavily on one theme. It's a charming little RPG with a lot of flaws, but if you overlook them, it is a lot of fun and captures the sort of imaginative world feel that video games used to have."
76561198018228801,Recommended,256290,10470506,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Hakumei,"GAME OF THE YEAR !Graphics are majestic. The music is a candy for your ears. The gameplay is very efficient, even if a bit classic. The story is very-well written for a fairy tale. In short, this game is a masterpiece !I would have appreciated it to be longer, but when I finished it, I didn't find it short, which is nice."
76561198084319451,Recommended,256290,10476586,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Uzumaki,"Child of Light... It is a beautifully landscaped and wonderfully well put together game. With a very interesting spin on a classic battle system, this game makes a very fun and entertaining piece."
,Recommended,256290,10484393,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Burusutazu,"After the horrid events of Uplay I finally got Uplay working in order to play this game. It is a great game with beautiful visuals, a great soundtrack, fun battles, and a relatable story. However, the game IS short if you only play though it once."
76561198005577655,Recommended,256290,10532189,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Lv100Pidgeot,I really like it! Like a Final Fantasy storybook.
,Recommended,256290,10543806,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Rozga,"Beautiful fun adventure RPG. The first day I played it, it only felt like a few hours, when it turned out to be over 6 hours I had put into the game. Everytime I start it up, I get sucked in.The story is very simple, and the characters don't have a lot of depth, sadly. The game is more or less I child's bed time story."
,Recommended,256290,10546470,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Sionelle,"This is a fantastic game, from the story-line, to the music, to the graphic design. You don't see many games that have such a melancholy feel but are still excellent play throughs. Granted, there's enough random items to uncover that you could easily play through it again."
,Recommended,256290,10584677,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Vintage Vladmir Humpfla Galactus,"Terrible poetry, excellent everything else."
,Recommended,256290,10626607,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,magistrasa,"God what a beautiful game. It's got beautiful scenery, beautiful music, beautiful characters, and it just makes you feel happy playing it - even though there are a lot of scenes in this game that are very sad. Honestly, the rhyming thing can get old kinda fast (especially if you think you can do it way better than the writers), and the abrupt ending for the story can leave you feeling a little dissatisfied, but I promise you will always fondly remember the journey."
76561198081703658,Recommended,256290,10650246,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Buttercactus,"This is a beautiful stunning rpg time-based game, with a great storyline to follow and beautiful background art design to enjoy."
76561197970690097,Recommended,256290,10657580,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SparkPlug,"I was suprised how much I enjoyed this game.Beautiful artistic graphics with perfectly matched soundtrack.Good storyMy attention was held from begining to end.One slight annoyance if I had to list one, was that the rhyming of the dialogue did start to wear thin quite quickly."
,Recommended,256290,10802685,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[Roronoa]Zoro,"This game is a  very awkward situation.1)You buy a 2D game2)From a ""newbie"" on RPGs developer3)It lasts only 10 hours4)Its the best RPG you played in the latest years,better than any other ""hardcore"" RPG.Everything in this game is perfect,the music,the artstyle,the characters.Everything.Would pay the double money too."
76561197972023511,Recommended,256290,10814316,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Grue Valencia,"I don't finish most games because I either lose interest of they are too easy/hard.  This game held my interest the whole way though, with a fun interactive battle system, and most characters have a unique personallity and make you care about them.  Amazing soundtrack and worth the full price, (so get this on sale when you see it!)"
,Recommended,256290,10815163,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Feral_Socks,Amazing.  A very pleasant surprise for one of my occasional ventures outside of my preferred genres.  Only thing I could say is that I wish it were longer.
76561198017335840,Recommended,256290,10816496,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Blood,If you like turn-based RPGs like FF7 you might like Child of Light. I think it's a little short for a $15 game though. It takes about 15 hours on normal and 20 hours on hard to complete. And the ending was supposedly rushed. Other than that its a great game.
76561198071029467,Recommended,256290,10820087,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Brewpounder,"The game itself is lovely, the ubisoft drm isn't.I should have made a rhyme."
,Recommended,256290,10833216,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Melenia,"This game is very pretty, I haven't played that much of it yet but just the water colours are amazing. Though personally, I find the main girls hair to be very out of place, but it still looks great.The controls are smooth, though for me it was hard to get used to pressing the up arrow or W to jump instead of the space bar.So far the storyline is great, as I stated before, i am not that far into the game.I was really looking forward to this game, and it has not disapointed me."
76561198097166719,Recommended,256290,10838868,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Hirundine,"A little on the whimsical side, but rather adds to its appeal. The rhyming couplet dialogue seems a little gimmicky but it keeps me amused trying to guess the next word in the rhyme. Very pretty, and the mechanics work well."
76561198096228335,Recommended,256290,10841954,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Shirley,"I haven't played too much of this game yet, but I've really enjoyed what I have so far. Needing UPlay is a bit annoying, but the music is good, the visuals are nice, and it's got a very fairy tale-y kind of feel that I enjoy a lot. Will probably update this review once I've played more."
,Recommended,256290,10888677,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,devinm2011,"A Sweet story with beautifull artwork, intriguing characters, and an interesting form of turn based battles that offered a amazing gameplaying experience.  Can't wait to pick up the DLC and discover what the golem's story is"
,Recommended,256290,10927705,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dreamyr,"This has to be one of the best games I've invested my money into. The environment is beautiful, it has an amazing and unique fighting system with interactive elements, and you become so immersed and attached to characters. I. Love. This. Game.Every little secret, every small challenge, every little quest has been extremely enjoyable and I feel like I'm playing a part in the world. I can not express how happy this game makes me. It's to the point where I don't want to play it too much out of fear of beating the game and not getting to play it anymore.10/105/5Amazing. Truly."
,Recommended,256290,10927815,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,mordie71,What a wonderful little game this is! Love it!  It's a RPG/Platformer with beatiful graphics. You are a RPG fan it's a must.
76561198063269040,Recommended,256290,10932056,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,p1t2n3,One of the greatest game!!!
,Recommended,256290,10932697,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ArTex,Buy it! You will thank me later.
76561198035866715,Recommended,256290,10934940,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Felbeef,This game is beautiful and well worth your time.
,Recommended,256290,10970320,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Staches,Gorgeous graphics. Excellent story. Really good gameplay.
,Recommended,256290,10972674,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,mantou boy,Amazing~! >.<
,Recommended,256290,10981299,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,PappaCat,Child of Light is a must play game. You just need to check it out for yourself. Nothing comes to mind about disliking this game except for the fact that it needed to be longer! 9/10
76561198125951032,Recommended,256290,10990329,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Blessed Raina,"Very pretty game. 3 out of 5 stars. If you're not careful you can speed on through to the final boss with no warning or chance to finish the other quests first so that was a bit jarring. I like a game where you can chose when to finish it before taking on the boss. Still, good story over all."
,Recommended,256290,11003047,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Cachexia,"A different bite off the cookie for a role playing game. The artwork in the game is fantastic with an immersive storyline. aAlong with the unique take on a turn-based battle system, its definitely a 10/10 must play game in my books."
76561198048548651,Recommended,256290,11059675,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,scoopitidoop,One of the most satisfying and addictive games i have played in years. The visuals are amazing. I would recommend this game to everyone
76561198027779192,Recommended,256290,10939368,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Imoen4life,"As an art student you can understand how impressed I was with this game graphically. Furthermore, the movment is fluid and I often find myself just admiring Aurora's hair. The combat system is brilliant and satisfying with a simple leveling system and an interesting oculi (gem) crafting system. Only one complaint and that is that I was so interested in the story I actually *spoiler* found it hard to kill Nox, I quite liked her as a good guy *end spoiler*. Overall money so well spent I'm suprised it wasn't higher priced."
76561198050283823,Recommended,256290,10943738,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Alão,"Awsome game, beautiful world and good history, a nice soundtrack and an interesting combat system."
76561198083320679,Recommended,256290,10978793,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,kileywight3,IT IS BEAUTIFUL.
,Recommended,256290,10987172,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,JakeRay,"Filled to the brim with an unexpected charm,Full of limericks and other rhyme,Feeling both heavy-hearted but also warm,Frightfully fast flew away the time."
,Recommended,256290,12343927,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,[  +]Silveroak,"A fun and ""easy"" game with a cute and sad story"
,Recommended,256290,12413766,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Will,The art style is beautiful and creative. The immersions is incredible with headphones on blocking outside noise. A great game to escape to.
,Recommended,256290,30991583,Posted: 6 April,all,ToCa81,"Short, but fun little turn based RPG with a charming art style. Definitely worth a play."
76561197970078168,Recommended,256290,11695826,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,hermetico,"Cute adventure/RPG game with lovely characters and scenarios.Combat system based in turns and, with the possibility to rotate the characters that fight at any time (up to two fighting at once), which is necessary when fighting certain bosses.Even that graphics are peaceful and cute, combat goes really hard, sometimes."
76561198027208926,Recommended,256290,18036319,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Eliko diko,This is probably the most beatiful (both arts and story) game I've ever played.
76561198033604792,Not Recommended,256290,33958103,Posted: 1 August,all,Meeg,"I quit playing this game after 7 hours and don't think I'll ever go back and finish it. The graphics are lovely but the gameplay gets old fast and the story isn't engaging enough to keep me invested.* It's listed as a turn-based RPG but there's more action platformer elements than anything.* Annoyance #1 is you need to install ubisofts game platform, uplay, in order to run this game (♥♥♥♥ that).* The dialogue reads like a poorly written story book for kindergarteners. It's a pet peeve, but I hate end-rhymes when there's no meter."
76561198012028297,Recommended,256290,18380292,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Peter,A very charming and exquisite game. It looks and sounds very nice.I would love to see Child of Light II.
,Recommended,256290,14475278,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Chavo,"one of my favourite games, rpg gameplay is a lot of fun and surprisingly difficult at parts. soundtrack is nice and calming, the rhyming dialogue is cute and doesnt get old like you might think it would. reccomend getting the golem dlc with it if your buying."
,Recommended,256290,9988749,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Hamster Pirate,"This game absolutely grabbed me from the first moment because of its fantastic music, sound, and art style. It's not as if the story is unique, but the storytelling is what delivers and sucks you into the game. In regards to the RPG elements, it pretty much what to expect for a game of this style and price-point, but I was excited to see a skill tree with varying choices for each party member. There's also a light-weight craft system where you can combine crystals into better versions. Itemization seems to be confined to slotting crystals into your three default equipment slots to increase damage or mitigation towards incoming damage. There are potions and such which can be used for healing and to gain permanent bonuses to stats."
76561198029943792,Recommended,256290,9993116,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Dual_Air_Bag,"Did not know it installed Uplay, game looks amazing, 3rd party drm is dumb when it on steam. I would not of brought it cause of the 3rd party cilent you need to run it. Even thought I have a i7 and Sli setup it stupid to be running extra crap in the background. Wont make this mistake again."
76561198073961184,Recommended,256290,10056408,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Sigmathaar,"I love the art on this game, everything about the design is just wondeful. The story is a little flat but the game is quite entertaining I advise you to play it directly on hard mode since the normal mode is pretty easy. All together a nice game.Bad point for the absence of steam achievements (damn uplay...)"
,Recommended,256290,10056747,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Bluebee,"LOVE IT! Art is great, sound is perfect, every characters have their own special characteristics. I was really surprised how Aurora's hair was moving in the air, it is just great. The narration is like telling the story at night when I was young :)"
,Recommended,256290,10061364,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,MrPootis,"Do I Recommend this game that dosent even start to discribe How much I like this Game Its Diffrent Awesome The Music Is great Combat Story line Animation, And Pretty much every text rymes it feels amazing reading it. I 100% Recommend this game."
,Recommended,256290,10065205,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,WakDoodle,"Fantastic game. Have so much fun playing, and the art style is great."
76561198099844685,Recommended,256290,10085592,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,RockZero3,This game is simply  beautiful from the Art to the Music to the the Gameplay i just can't get enough of the little effects they added in. The moment i started the game I just knew i was going to enjoy it. The characters are very simple but thats what makes them believable. The gameplay is very easy to learn (if you're looking for a challenge play on hard) each character has a unique move set and the oculus system is a nice way to give you the edge in a battle. The story even being really simple is really gripping.Art: 10 - style is like watching a painting moveMusic: 8 - the music sets the mood  at every turnStory: 8 - fairy tale tropes and some dark elementsCharacter Design: 9 - the characters have a very “Where the Wild Things Are” feel to themGameplay: 9 - Very simple and easy to learn but hard to master (on hard mode at least)Overall: 9/10 - I highly recommend this game to anyone
,Recommended,256290,12341741,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Lyneaor Blooddragon,"Child of Light is so far the most enjoyable classic RPG I've played.The world is hand-crafted and beautiful and its story is really well written.While the combat isn't in-depth, it's still fun and doesn't become tedious.This game as a whole has love and care poured into it and you notice it instantly."
76561198092179686,Recommended,256290,12413812,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,pkrisnin,Nice game great art and music but uplay needs to be improved- seems slugish takes sometime for it to start the game.
76561197999626305,Recommended,256290,10801105,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,newjackk,Best game ever!!!!
76561198055854369,Recommended,256290,10813113,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,BigBearDoinThangs,"I can say without a doubt Child of Light has been one of the biggest suprisies of the year for me. Being a fan of old-school JRPG's, I picked this game up the day it was released. I fell in love with the music and water-color art-style. I would even go so far as to recommend purchasing the OST, as this game contains some of the best pieces I've had the pleasure of listening to.The characters feel hand-crafted to the world. CoL manages to maintain a certain amount of cuteness without going over-board. Everyone in the world of Lemuria speaks in the a/b/a/b rhyming scheme, (common in children's books) which I adore. There isn't any voice acting aside from the narrator, but I don't feel that it detracts any from the game.My one complaint would be with the story at the beginning, as it was a bit hard to follow. The map is also a bit odd to use, but most of the time you won't even see it.Youwillhave to install Uplay in order to play CoL, which at first I was wary of. However, there are rewards obtainable from Uplay by completing achievements such as in-game items and background art which make it worthwhile.If you are looking for an RPG with an inspiring soundtrack, beautiful graphics, and a compelling story fit for all ages, be sure to give Child of Light a try."
76561198018919675,Recommended,256290,10823430,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,drtaylor,"This game is so awesome and pleasant to play.  Just wanted to try and it quick, as test, and an hour later I was still playing.  More to do, just not right now."
76561198059467914,Recommended,256290,10821753,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Strik9,If you are a fan of Adventure and RPGs and Turnbased battles then buy this game.Fun story. Gameplay keeps you exploring nooks and cranny's.Nice Soundtrack.Reccommended!
76561198093515320,Recommended,256290,10822323,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,jvchee,Awesome game it was not what I first expected yet it grew beyond that!Summary of the story:Aurora is a princess that finds herself awake and in another world and her own ally is a tiny small blue firefly. While explore her new found environment she discovers a sword and becomes the child of light who has the power to banish the darkness. But there is more here than meets the eye. Just what is her connection to this place and why was she chosen? Well you're just have to play to find out! :DThis game is truly a visionary master piece. The music and detail of the world is what made the game for me. It has an old school RPG system battle feel that reminded me why I loved the RPG genera in the first place. The story line is kind of slow at first but it starts to pick up as Aurora starts to grow as a character. All in all I think it’s a great game and was well worth the 15~20 hour I spend playing it.overall rate would be a 8/10
76561197995143831,Recommended,256290,12416870,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Yukashii,"Great art, great music, but what really makes this little gem stand out is the dialogues. Everything is in rhyme, and adds a whole new level of atmosphere to the game."
,Recommended,256290,11831316,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Bubblegoose,"Utterly delightful. Beautifully created playable fairytale, meets expectations and continues to please and surprise"
,Recommended,256290,12415197,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Humbug999,This is a very well put together game. The combat system is very engaging along with being simple to understand yet always make you think of what you could do. I think all games should take a lesson on what this game did.
76561198062730556,Recommended,256290,10089620,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Hyuumaru,"Seriously great game, am on my second play through, recommend trying without all DLC's first, because they do give you a slight advantage compared to how it was originaly, but its great either way, really involving and great art as well, I can't get enough of it. Worth every penny, and then some."
,Recommended,256290,10093097,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Agumander,"This game is beautiful. The art style is consistent and works very well, and all* dialogue rhymes and makes clever use of language. This particular Active Time Battle system is the most elegant ATB I've ever seen, with all mechanics stemming from the same time-based core."
,Recommended,256290,10102046,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,JMcd20,A very fun and enjoyable game for anyone who likes fantasy-style RPG's. I highly recommend this to fairy tale lovers as well!
76561198075112515,Recommended,256290,10177397,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,professor_otter,"Story-book graphics with an enchanting soundtrack, child-like but ominous. Love the little puzzles along the way. Skill progression allows you to visualise where your strengths want to be and what your aims are. It's not particularly easy to grind which encourages you to challenge yourself and play the game as intended by the developers. As a casual gamer I'm very much enjoying the ease of play (with the odd challenge)."
76561197992422244,Recommended,256290,10218592,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Foshizzlebiz,woooo
76561197973050901,Recommended,256290,10220302,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Raindown,"Beatifully adictive game that compels you to complete the story.  Wonderful art style.  However, the final battle was not as epic as some of the mid level boss fights.  I was welll advanced in levels so perhaps it was a bit easier.  I would recommend this game.  These fantasic smaller games, especially of this quality have a great place in the future of gaming and fill a great spot between the mega games."
76561198103931580,Recommended,256290,10245667,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Teeshou,"One of the best Indie, graphical RPG games I have played on PC. Simliar to the game ""Journey"" for PS3 in a art way but Child of Light is way more cartoon looking in that art sense."
,Recommended,256290,10327082,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,+ Court Wizard +,"Sad at first, then Beautiful. Great Story, Awesome art style, cool mechanics, i just wish it would run a little better on my laptop.oh! and rhymes! so many rhymes!"
76561198077426450,Recommended,256290,10387559,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Daxxramas85,"Child of Light is a great story with BEAUTIFUL graphics and artwork!There ..... i just summed it up in one sentence ..... but if that wasn't enough to convince you, I'll go ahead and go into a little more detail.Story: As i said it's an awesome story.  You play as a ""princess"" who has been poisoned and wakes up in another world.  You're main gold is to return to YOUR world to save your father who has become deathly ill with grief over your ""death"".  One thing that is very different but i thought was nice was that all the dialogue between the characters and the narrator were done in poem/balad type format.  So yes, it all rhymed lol.  I suppose you could say it added to the ""Immersion"" factor in the sense that people don't really TALK like that anymore.Graphics: Lovely hand-drawn backgrounds and characters.Gameplay: Child of Light is built upon the framework of a classic turn-based RPG, but also uses the often seen ""Move bar"", making combat slightly more dynamic and interactive than just ""pick move, use move"".  Using your little firefly elemental you can slow down enemies to make your moves go first or fall in just the right place on the move bar to be most effective.The skill trees for all the characters are EXPANSIVE but simplistic at the same time.  You can look ahead and see where you are going so you can plan out exactly what you want the character to do for your group, whether more damage focused or control or healing.  Each character (and there are several you will unlock during your journey) has primarily 3 skill trees that expand after you recover the moon in the game.  Most skills cost only one skill point which you get each time you gain a level and once you get the expansion some of the advance skills cost 2 points.  You gain levels fairly quickly and even if you don't use a character in battle it still levels up with the whole party.  I finished with most of my characters being low to high 40s.After the initial ""tutorial"" area, and you unlock your flight ability, navigating the world becomes a breeze.  The controls to fly and control that flight are simple and intuitive.  You really get the sense of freedom as you explore every nook and cranny for hidden secrets and chests.I think I've said enough.  If i haven't convinced you to give this game a play by now then nothing more i say is going to make a difference.This game is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!Happy Gaming Guys..."
76561198111991741,Recommended,256290,10510584,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,lil,Beautiful Art :)
,Recommended,256290,10043050,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Magical Flying Scrotum,"Definitely a must have game for RPG lovers. Love the art, soundtrack and the gameplay itself. They did an awesome job."
76561198008463840,Recommended,256290,10066667,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,uniquefreakx,"This game is great, especially for a $15 game. The visuals & soundtrack are amazing, and the combat is a fun and fresh take on turn based RPG style."
,Recommended,256290,10088498,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Klaus von Santa,"This is a perfect, captivating game for youngsters, pre-teens and young-at-hearts."
76561198069699794,Recommended,256290,10100772,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Ijustmiss,"The game is very simple - just telling you story which is very nice. Atmosphere and picture - beyond praise. A little minus is battles as once you understand the way you should act - they all become pretty the same.I will definitely recommend this game for those you like casual, touching games (like myself)"
76561198057817356,Recommended,256290,10168374,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,crowdpleazer06,couldnt stop playing it the artwork was...is amazeing the story is interesting and the spin of the 2d makes it a great game. overall i love the sure amount of love they put in this game you can easly tell they put a lot into this game
,Recommended,256290,10276769,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Gurbl,"Perfect for ""my first"" turn based RPG"
,Recommended,256290,10308708,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,memiux,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,256290,10400516,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,General Waifu,"Simply a wonderful and beautiful game. Great story, great main character, great combat system, great art, dialogues and ending. The music is simply beautiful. It's been a long time since I played a game that captivated me with its story and characters. The combat system is pretty fun and dynamic, it's not just about choosing the right attacks and knowing what to do, but you can interact real-time between turns to turn the tides to your favor. This game is a 10/10 and anyone who likes RPGs should play it. And the rhymes just make the meaning of the characters' words' more powerful."
76561198025216953,Recommended,256290,10576703,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Pinky,A beautiful game and a great story.
76561198053334161,Recommended,256290,10582232,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,pesto81,I fell in love with this game. The cell shaded artwork is some of the best I've seen. The soundtrack is to die for. The battle system feels natural and the story itself is adorable. This is a must have game.
,Recommended,256290,10596216,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,For The Winston Churchill,"Child of Light is an absolutely gorgeous game.The interesting Wait/Cast bar is really cool, it makes you think two steps ahead and I love it.I'm beyond happy with my purchase of this. Will be looking forward to more UbiArt games.10/10!"
,Recommended,256290,10001102,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Nirupama,"Child of Light takes you into a world of stunning beauty, magical music and fairy tale story. From the start you become engulfed into this magical world and with every step fall deeper I tried my hardest to write a longer review but I was lost for words. It would be a shame for you not to experience the joy I have had and will have playing this game. At £11:99 it is a bargain and a must buy."
76561198046276004,Recommended,256290,10003553,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,WulfgarVikingThunder,"CoL is innocative and interesting. In a genre that has some puzzle solving one would normally see real time combat CoL chooses to use an interesting twist on turn based RPG combat. There are still stats that decided damage, weakness, and resistance like one would assume, but there is also manipulation of attack order and the ability to time attacks correctly to interrupt an enemy attack.The art is inspiring and colorful, and the characters are unique and compelling. There is enough action between the dialouge that is doesn't feel heavy, but there is enough dialouge to guide an interesting story that fits the genre of bed time fairy tales. ""A little girl chosen as a child of light to fight a queen of darkness and reclaim a lost land"", that sort of thing.As for UPlay its not a perfect system, its annoying to have to run there program in addition to steam, in addition to the game itself, but I hadn't used my account with them since playing Far Cry 3 on PS3 about two years ago, and I had no trouble recovering my account and playing the game.Great game, reasonable price, you won't be disappointed with this addition to your steam library."
76561198047629230,Recommended,256290,9989776,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,alexlomba87,"Greatly liked this!Top merits: graphics - style and musics; nice combat system inherited from Grandia 2.Cons: limited growing system. Simple level design, but it has a great impact thanks to the style. Story almost non-existent with feeble characterization. PLAY ONLY IN HARD MODE.7,5/10"
,Recommended,256290,9996996,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Cesaltionius,I watched the trailer and had to have it. STORY! ARTWORK! GAMEPLAY! Now that I have played it there are only two words that could possibly describe any of it... AMAZINGLY BEAUTIFUL!
76561198005090785,Recommended,256290,9998630,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Shinimou,"If you like Turn based combat then i demand you add this to your collection, its a bit short (8-12 hours) but for 15 bucks you get amazing quality and fun. although you may get annoyed by the rhyming or the urge to do so yourself."
,Recommended,256290,9999884,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,[TAW] KomiiTail,"Hello! This is my first review prompted by how amazed I am with this game. It's a very well crafted game that is refreshing for the RPG genre. I love the battle system and it reminds me of final fantasy. I havn't played till the end but I wanted to share that this is a must have for someone that wants a complex, yet simple battle system and exploration game. I trully hope they release more DLC. With that being said the DLC's I chose (i'm on a budget these days for gaming) is ""The golem's Plight"" (as he is a great fighter/brawler party member which really balances out my party playing the way I play. I also got the Dark Aurora Pack because I wanted to focus on being a magic wielding child of light!The game is fun because of the dynamic combat system and challenging but not impossible. The same can be said for the game itself. There are puzzles and plenty of room for exploring but I never got lost or frusterated because I did not know where to go our how to solve a puzzle. The progression is clean and fluid.After all is said and done up to this point I am very pleased with my purchase and look forward to any new content that is released. If you like classic RPG's with a major dynamic twist in combat you'll love this game."
76561198022515217,Recommended,256290,10043090,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,SHO_ONE,"I don't typically write reviews as most games don't capture me or compel me to do so; however, Child of Light is just one of those games that deliver on the expectations it sets. The best way to describe the game play is a side scrolling, turn based RPG. What you see in the preview is what you get out of the game play, but there is so much more... in my humble opinion the Metacriic score of 77/100 is bunk. The only annoyance is the lack of audible dialogue, other than that I love this game and so will you...."
,Recommended,256290,10058575,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,crouton,♥♥♥♥ Of
,Recommended,256290,10060895,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Fishotic Robot,"Game is beautiful. Great story, great battle interface, great graphics for those of you who care about that. Damn shame Ubisoft is involved, but it's worth dealing with."
76561197983970753,Recommended,256290,10250859,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Drackos,"Was a great little game,Really got you to think,The visuals were stunning,You didn't want to blinkThe music was atmospheric,Mostly operatic I think.And as you can tell,The narrative rhymed really well."
76561197971825130,Recommended,256290,10264751,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Haapy,"I'm really enjoying this game. It's seriously beatiful to look at and to listen to. The battle system is a throwback in a nice way to a nostalgic age (for me, anyway). I have a small rant here about the writing: the game is billed as poetry; it's not. The lines rhyme (poorly), but that doesn't make it poetry. The writer has no sense of rhythm nor measure, and a great many of the 'rhymes' reach so far they dislocate their shoulders. If you call the writing poetry, it's complete crap. But as a story told nursery-rhyme style, it's not bad. It's a coming of age story, and I like those.I highly recommend the game. I've missed having real RPGs in the current age of FPS/RPG/MMO/Puzzle/anything-else-we-can-shoe-horn-in-to-maybe-get-another-market games. This definitely qualifies."
76561198020212223,Recommended,256290,10273755,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,ozgunozer,Nice game; lots of fan and very sweet story.
76561198053358196,Recommended,256290,10323013,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,GGMochi,I LOVEEEEEEEEEEEE this game!!!! I really recommend it! I am not really into turn-baed games but this game is made so well that I don't even mind!!!
,Recommended,256290,10326273,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Microsoft PowerPoint,"Love the music and naration. THe graphics looks good too. For me, the battle system and skill should be designed to be more complicated and rewarding for heavy RPG grinders like me."
,Recommended,256290,10331962,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,13inMay,"The art is beautiful, the verse is easy to read and makes the dialog entertaining by itself. The characters, spells, monsters, and story are well thought out and you love all your characters immediately. The combat system is a good blend of turn-based and real-time. It's difficult without making me curse...too often. There are chances to skip on battles but I fought all of them that I found and never had the need to grind levels. The only criticism I have is that you can only use two of your amazing characters at a time, but since you only face a maximum of three enemies it is understandable."
76561198118681355,Recommended,256290,10357433,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Syrus The Virus,"As long as I can remember I've always wanted to play a game that allowed me to experience the joy of flying. I don't mean rocket propelled flight a la Dark Void but that more graceful, quieter flight. More Superman Returns less Man of Steel. This is the first and only game that has done it right and for that it will remain one of my most cherished video game gems next to Psychonauts, Beyond Good and Evil, Remember Me, Enslaved and a few others. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,256290,10574356,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,She-Hulk of Cake,"It's a great game. The price is a little steep though, because the game is actually rather short. A very enjoyable game none the less. The graphics are fantastic, and the story line is creative. The Uplay kinda ticks me off, too. But if you're not caring too much about that then it's no big deal."
76561198101231883,Recommended,256290,10586315,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,LadySweetSour,"AMAZING, emotional, fun and inspireing to look at. Also that music. 10/10"
,Recommended,256290,10610890,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,Pros:Beautiful fairy tale.And you also play as the little girl.Cons:uPlay.You don't get to play as the little girl later.
76561198106956388,Recommended,256290,10642688,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NickM94,"great art work, story is engaging. Combat is a bit too easy, I recommend playing on hard right of the bat. Overall a great game, worth every penny."
76561198093158930,Recommended,256290,10665507,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,bandersnatsh,beautiful game
,Recommended,256290,10748472,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bookfag,Amazing art and game play!!
76561198043475807,Recommended,256290,10780674,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,CompanyMan,Great presentation and a good amount of depth in the combat if you play on hard.
76561197991744179,Recommended,256290,10813270,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,dlc]dEr wAhre eRnst,"although the story is somewhat generic the game is beautifully executed. it looks marvellous, the characters are charming, and the soundtrack (which will get stuck in your head) creates an epic ambience. also, a lot of thought has been put in the game mechanics and the combination of tactictal and real time elements make the fights good fun (and on hard even challenging for non-RPG-enthusiasts). obviously there's not much of an item craze going on like in other RPGs. however, it is a lot of fun tuning the group's abilities and gems."
76561198078592159,Recommended,256290,10814467,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,BeastOwl,"This game is abesolutely fabulous, not just because of it's water color-style graphics. It has a very unique story line along that follows the dark grim fairy tales that we hear about. The game play is much similar to the Final Fantasy Series as far as character-group combat in game which this game also requires a bit of strategy within combat which allow for a nice challenge.The game also has really good character development for the main character Aurora quiet literally taken in game. Overall this game is definately one of the best Adventure-Rpg's I've played in a long time. Not to mention it has a fantastic music soundtrack which is definate scores some kudos points with me. Anyways definately reccommend trying it out and hitting it up when it goes on sale. Well worth the price."
76561198093392416,Recommended,256290,10823788,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,F'whalon Yhisa,good game
76561198044326011,Recommended,256290,10824716,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Lord King Emperor Penguin,"This game has some of the best visuals I have seen in any game, and is probably my favorite game to look at. The gamplay itself is really fun as well. It's not really a game you play for difficulty, as I had no trouble beating the game. The only bad thing I found was the Ubisoft forces you to use Uplay to play this game, and they haven't realised that Uplay is one of the worst pieces of software in existent that no one wants to use."
76561198055312002,Recommended,256290,10824841,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Marosko,it's just beautifulbut my pc is kinda too slow for it :(
,Recommended,256290,10835272,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻,"Best game i played in a long long time.gorgeous settings and addicting gameplay have kept me locked up in my room.not knowing the hours had past ever so fast.i forgot to come in time for diner, that may spell my doom.the hours i spend in this game might be my last.yet i dont regret a second of time i spend to saten this lust of mine.for after diner ill do still the same.ill rush to eat all the food and drink some of the wine.for i need to return to this game.10/10i dont know if you can tell from my revieuw, but i realy liked the scrypt."
,Recommended,256290,10041786,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Lewis,Shut up and Take my WISHES! 11/10
76561197992384457,Recommended,256290,10057249,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,MarcusArelius,9/10 easy
,Recommended,256290,10060102,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Rayfee,"As soon as this game started I was in awe, so beautiful and interesting."
76561198108855936,Recommended,256290,10066581,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Cabbage,"Beat a bird with light, beat a ghost with water, and beat an ogre with my head. 10/10"
,Recommended,256290,10080106,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Pink Ranger,AMAZING GAME! Amazing artwork and soundtrack! Beautiful setting and witty dialogue! 5/5 stars mate!
,Recommended,256290,10090158,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,*heffe*samsung*,"A game that opens the mind to tingly visuals and a foreshadower's delight. It is a sensory overload with music, even the way dialog is scripted. It is all very much like a dream. Open ended tasks were you have no idea of where they came from, it is all very like a trippy. Battling is interactive and keeps your finger on the mouse always trying to stay ahead. Everything happens for a reason and you really feel it is meant to be when playing, simplistic but fullfilling. Many more hours will be spent play Child of Light."
,Recommended,256290,10097532,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Old School Nerd,"I am seriously in awe of the artwork and styling of this game.  As someone who has been a gamer since the early 80's, I don't say that lightly.  The music and color pallete are simply stunning, and the gameplay is remarkably deep and strategic.It is peaceful and engaging, all at the same time.  It's not a quick-paced game, nor should it be.  Just get it.  Child of Light is a unique gem in a field of generic games."
,Recommended,256290,10103479,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,fly me to the moon,Great game. Buy it if you want a great spin on the classice JRPG formula that makes fights more fun and involved.
76561198027617817,Recommended,256290,10103515,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,NL6,VERY good game...Artwork is gorgeousSoundtrack is amazingBattle system is engaging11 hours in and haven't finished it yet..I hope to see more games like this on steam!
76561198070002175,Recommended,256290,10119228,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Gudeg Bu Yu Djum,♥♥♥♥ uplay
,Recommended,256290,10122685,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,HologramsNStuff,"The combat system is very, very legit.Somewhat like Bravely Default's but better.If you loved that and the old school Final Fantasys this is right up your alley"
,Recommended,256290,10133952,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,simasware,The most beautiful game I've ever laid my eyes on.
76561198027265194,Recommended,256290,10151644,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Xanotos,Awesome artwork and music!
,Recommended,256290,10153390,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,RagnaR,"Beautiful Art, Mesmerizing music, Fun Gameplay, interesting story, but poor characterization. I found Aurora to be unlikeable and the character development is a mix bag due to abrupt character arcs and the way dialogue is all written in rhyme. Might have helped if it had voice acting, but the writing left me emotionally void and comes off as more style than heart. Still a must play though."
,Recommended,256290,10208204,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Zalchion,
,Recommended,256290,10234767,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,ZeSmith,"Also known as ""Paper Mario: Indie award bait edition""."
76561197972407244,Recommended,256290,10236107,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Popov89,A delightful little game fashioned after the great jrpgs of old and with an absolutely stunning art style that makes it always look like a story book. Child of Light is a great little game.
76561197991760521,Recommended,256290,10242217,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,thorisalaptop,"Not a difficult game (if you're looking for a challenging RPG, this won't be it), but a wonderful game nonetheless. A lovely coming-of-age tale, with moments of joy & sadness. The incessant rhyming dialogue can be stilted & a bit much sometimes, but mostly this is a really enjoyable, heartfelt fairytale with interesting characters, a world worth exploring, and a strong story."
76561198138573346,Recommended,256290,10316899,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Bex01,Love it. Battles a bit of a drag but still fun. Gorgeous bgs. Fun characters. Easy to customise.
,Recommended,256290,10318400,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,LEER,"Great unique RPG. I have never played anything like it. It defies all RPG's. You can't go back to town for more potions, elixers, etc... The combat is challenging and one of the mile stone of this game. It took me a while to recognize each characters potenial. The game encourages you to explore, which I loved, through various terrains and secret tunnels. Awesome game. Well worth 15$."
,Recommended,256290,10330598,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,HollowDeathWraith,"This game is Epic because first off, its very amazing calming bgm, and its Incredible Poetry synced into the storylines. If you had a rough day, THIS IS THE PLACE TO BRUSH IT OFF."
76561198048133967,Recommended,256290,10353113,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,sea,In three words : Amazing RPG experience
,Recommended,256290,10388890,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Omeron,"I did enjoy playing this game, the story was good although for all the hype i excepted it to great. the combat was actually fairly enjoyable as well, however it really has a damage vs health issue where in boss fights the main character could die in one round. the crafting system is super simplistic as uses the closest thing this game has to an inventory system. you craft gems that increase your stats or damage however to get upgrades it take 3x as many gems to upgrade, hence i didnt see a way to give all of my characters upper tier gems. i found that your main character is much better with just magic, so i found myself ignoring melee near the end. So the four main things wrong with this game are that the crafting system seems pretty pointless as you will never have enough gems to do any real meaningful beyond the main character, the combat system has a damage vs health issue, and mana doesnt really need to be managed that well after the first half of them game as the skill costs dont really increase at the same rate as increased in mana, and you have to run the game through uplay(which stopped giving me achievements randomly so to unlock them again i would have to play though again and hope that it didnt happen again, but whatever achievements dont matter)."
76561198101685358,Recommended,256290,10455792,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Gloomy Spirits,"Never would I have thought that steam could tell bedtime stories. If nothing else, the visuals are enough to take your breath away. the watercolor painting inspired artwork and fanatstical setting really sets the fairytale spirit of the game. However, you cant make a god narritive with pretty visuals alone, there has to be a gripping story and well one telling of it. The story is reminiscent of the classic fairy tale stories we heard as kids; it has a princess, a witch, magic, strange creatures, and a hero. Luckily it has enough original ideas to be far from cliche. The gameplay is very well done too. It's combat system is second to none and the puzzles will keep your brain working throughout the game without feeling like its just solvig the same simple puzzle over and over.  For the icing on the cake, we have the music. Written by Candian artist, Coeur de Pirate, it really sets the mood of the game. the dreamy piano gives it that bedtime story feeling, and the orchestral parts really emphasize the fantastic landscape and intense battle. If I could just sum this up, I would say it's a simple and intelligent game."
76561197982515080,Recommended,256290,10484023,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Cythraul,"""Child of Light"" is utterly wonderful. The combat system is clever and fun, and from beginning to end, the story is constantly hitting some of my favourite narrative nerves. The soundtrack, by Coeur de pirate, is exquisite. Well done; highly recommended."
76561198039967274,Recommended,256290,10487636,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Oskiman,Work of Art...
76561198118881219,Recommended,256290,10492991,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,SupahJew,Child of Light has gorgeous pictures that look like your in a story book the characters are fun and the music is beautiful the content is a good story and I give it a 9.5/10. Loved it. Hope you enjoy
76561197992604515,Recommended,256290,10547787,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,darkknightrule,i love the graphics of this game. and it pulls you in when dont think it ca
,Recommended,256290,10633952,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Konan92,Amazing Game. Amazing Storyline.I liked how the gameplay is and the artworld of the world is.10/10
,Recommended,256290,10669995,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,rhynlock,"Great game where everything is ment to create a fairy tale atmosphere. But don´t be fooled by the colorful characters and beaoutiful backgrounds because child of light offers an strategic gameplay style that will have you scratching your heads on higher dificulties. Great Style, interesting characters and one of the best OST i have heard since Shadow of the Colossus. a total must own for every respectable gamer"
,Recommended,256290,10766574,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Yagvarr,Beautiful game with amazing musical background by Cœur de Pirate. I really enjoy the fighting system as well as the skill trees. Relaxing yet exciting game over all and I can only recommend it.
,Recommended,256290,10771284,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Oenari,"A very cute little game that has lots of elements of classic J-RPG's. Sadly it's very short, but if you can get it on sale, it's a wonderful game to play."
76561198004189125,Recommended,256290,10810120,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Malferno,Like a great mix of Final Fantasy and The Legend of Zelda... also a little short... 8/10
,Recommended,256290,10816276,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,woogit,This game is absolutely stunning. Beautiful graphics and an adorable storyline!
,Recommended,256290,10819547,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,コーヒーJeb,"The artwork and sountrack are a perfect fit for this mesmerizing fairy tale story. The controls are a little different, but they work well for this game and the timed combat system is enjoyable."
,Recommended,256290,10822796,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Freddie.pp,Gorgeous! illustration....and beauty like a poem at dialog.The game is really smooth.... 8.5/10
,Recommended,256290,10823043,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Parwill,"One of my favourite games, the battle system is fantastic, the art, story and music and fantastic, it is definitely worth the money and...uh...buy it now!!!!"
,Recommended,256290,10862845,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,eddymachina,The love child of a Studio Ghibli fantasy story and the reminiscent Final Fantasy RPG elements. AND then there's the soundtrack....  If I could only use one word... Beautiful
,Recommended,256290,9988088,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,In Hell I Burn,"Really fun game, great turn based system that I have not seen in any other game.Though, more party members out at once would have made it more interesting.All in all, definitely worth playing through."
,Recommended,256290,9990919,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","Just started out and love it. This game is clearly some dev's love-child not just some assembly line product like Ubi's AC series. Something unique and personal like a bedtime-tale told to you as a youngling.Dark and melancholic atmosphere feels like kids-friendly Dark Souls with some similarities story-wise -lol.Maps looks light-metroidvania but I'm not too far in to judge. Some riddles though easy so far. Reached the first boss - cool design. Difficulty on hard setting is decent, very easy on normal setting. Dual-stick-controller highly recommended.Pretty graphics look hand-painted and fit the mood, some won't like it but the majority probably will.The same with the soundtrack, very memorable. Deep story so far, I'm really anxious for the ending.Battles play out as cross between Final Fantasy-ATB and Grandia. When the time bar is full you can act with some delay. If you're hit within the action-delay the action gets cancelled. And if the enemy is about to attack you should probably block which also fills your next gauge faster.Definitely buy if you like j-RPGs, pretty stuff and melancholy.I really don't agree with the day 1-DLCs, Uplay or the Ubi-staff posting like us gamers on the forum anon but will not go in detail here as the discussion is already been held elsewhere. Just saying: if it gets games like this gettjng made for 15 bucks it excuses a lot of things and if you don't like Ubi, just get this game then boycott the next 50$/€ AC next time to ease your consciousness. :)Also the DLCs don't seem essential to enjoy the game, it's just to extract some more coins from the rich kiddies."
76561198118685851,Recommended,256290,10054702,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,gary_the_squid,"I am really enjoying this game. I had to buy it for my PS3 because my PC is a little old, but it was worth buying twice. The environments are amazing and I enjoy the poetry aspect of the dialog. If you are a fan of JRPGs then there is a good bet you will like Child of Light.I do recommend getting the Golem's Plight pack. Golem is a great addition to the team, and his quest is in the beginning of the game, so it is best to get that DLC when you start the game."
76561198052588630,Recommended,256290,10067831,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Sparapt,"I admit to pirating this game initally, but I liked it so much I made it my first purchase on steam! Great game, reminded me of Grandia 2 back in the day."
,Recommended,256290,10088009,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,shawnbro,"Pretty fun game, great artwork. Would prefer option to replay campaign with same characters, to level them up completely."
76561198043585197,Recommended,256290,10102012,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Ed,Fell in love with this game 20 minutes. such brilliant music and art style. it took me around 20 hours to do everything i could in one playthrough. Two drawbacks would be that the dlc is a bit overpriced for what it gives you and you have to sign into Uplay
76561198000263450,Recommended,256290,10118694,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,KosmosUgly,"Fun simple game. TBH there isn't too much depth in the gameplay here, it's mainly about the atmosphere. Playthrough time is probably about a casual 6-7 hours, although you can probably get a couple more out of it.The story itself is generic and a bit cliche, but the presentation more than makes up for that imo. The characters themselves are rather bland. Still if you enjoy storybook / fairytail  theming this is definitely worth a pick up on a steam sale.6.5/10 Gameplay6/10 Story7/10 Soundtrack9/10 Aesthetic/theming7/10 Overall"
,Recommended,256290,10133381,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,PYROMANT|C,"Child of Light is a beautiful game that, despite its simplistic approach mechanically, provides a very satisfying experience. The art style is unique and gorgeous, bringing to life the whimsical world that lives in many a child’s minds. It’s not without fault however as the simplistic nature has been taken too far in some respects making some parts of the game laborious, confusing and repetitive. These are not things without fixes however and I’m sure Ubisoft Montreal will be able to rectify this in subsequent titles released in this genre. There’s a lot to like in Child of Light, something that I’m sure will delight RPG fans out there, and I definitely count it as time well spent.Read my full review here:http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2014/05/16/child-of-light-a-world-flooded-with-water-and-the-story-of-a-daughter/"
,Recommended,256290,10145427,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Xivaqeis,"This game is an absolute must play.  Probably one of the best RPG's ever created. With a simplistic yet intricit battle system and easy to navigate skill tree's, its easy to play even if you aren't into traditional RPG gameplay.  The artwork is astounding. Its all handpainted backdrops that are make exploring the world for collectables and minibosses that much more worth it. The biggest plus is its simplistic yet touching story that feels like a memory of a bedside fairytale.  An incredible game that anyone who enjoys games should play."
,Recommended,256290,10164427,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Zionmoose,Amazing!
,Recommended,256290,10212136,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,.Budi,"Child of Light is not just a game, it's a piece of art."
,Recommended,256290,10232257,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,jarofjuice,"It has been a long, long time since I have played Grandia, and Child of Light reminded of exactly what I loved about the former: the simple yet superb battle system. Tight and engaging combat mechanics aside, the wonderful soundtrack, adorable characters, simple yet heart wrenching story, and magical artwork are definitely aspects of the game that would be talked about for a while to come."
,Recommended,256290,10875121,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,mle,"This game is beautiful. I'm not one to throw that statement out freely, but it absolutely is. The watercolor style art with so much detail, combined with the soundtrack (which is on Spotify) suck you in. I find myself wanting to know more of the story and find out what happens to Aurora.I've not really been attracted to the turn by turn fighting games like FF or Ni No Kuni, but this is really fun. In fact, Ni No Kuni couldn't hold my attention. But this is actually fun. I'm glad I impulsively bought this during the Steam sale."
,Recommended,256290,10876015,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Soulibon,Shakespeare on LSD. 10/10
,Recommended,256290,10894881,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,npoenn,"It's a platformer / RPG hybrid with excellent art and music. Unfortunately it comes with UPlay, which is the only problem with this otherwise masterpiece."
,Recommended,256290,10916520,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Air,"As a fan of fairy tales,This game resonated with me.The story is fantasticBuy it and you will see.While some may think it strange,All dialogue is spoken in rhyme.As for me,I think It suits it just fine.The music is perfectAs well as the watercolor styleThey all come together for somethingThat will enchant you for a while.There are few thingsThat may hinder the game.Perhaps there should be more side quests,But I still love it all the same.Though once you finish the storyYou can start it all over.You will keep your upgradesBut the monsters will be tougher.I highly recommend this gameFor those who want a breakFrom the same old games of modern day.This line won't rhyme.I give it a B."
,Recommended,256290,10928853,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,FancyShoes,Such a beautiful RPG. The art is amazing and makes you feel like you are in fairy tale. You will want to explore every corner in this game beacause of how beautiful the surrondings are. The combat system is refined so well it's beats any other combat system in any other RPG I played.
76561198009839592,Recommended,256290,10964592,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,FiFiFi,Just buy it !Best Game EVER !
,Recommended,256290,10965692,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Diredais,"Love the handrawn artwork, the open world reminds me of the old Metroid titles allowing for backtracking to find rewards after getting upgrades. Enemy variety could use some work but combat system is pretty intuitive, balancing which enemy to slow is a neat mechanic once you can stagger an enemy repeatedly."
76561198033242160,Recommended,256290,10968279,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Valhalla,"This game is beautiful, it is like watching a story. 10/10"
,Recommended,256290,10970558,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jibs693,"This game is amazing. The visuals are gorgeous, some of the best art i have ever seen. The batttle mechanics are excellent and not entirely your standard rpg mechanics, they had me hooked. The story is well done and even though the dialogue cant get a little annoying sometimes with all the rhyming it adds to the atmosphere of the game and would change it for the world. The soundtrack is beautiful. i really cannot recommend this game enough. 9.5/10"
76561198102015094,Recommended,256290,10985911,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Cypherdirt,"Pure Amazing, the music is well done, and keeps me going like a Castlevania game. The combat system is a lot of fun, its like Grandia with the Cancel system.  the story is written in poems the whole way, complete with rhymes too!5 of 5!"
,Recommended,256290,11241460,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Sundance Kid,Game is amazing
,Recommended,256290,11667799,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,original cheese steak sandwich,"Man, this game is artsy as ♥♥♥♥ holy♥♥♥♥♥♥my eyes."
76561198086372640,Recommended,256290,12240746,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Technolich,"This game made my heart explode with feels. The whole Ubisoft Steam-wannabe screwing up for the first hour made me a little less happy with my purchase, but as soon as I started playing, all that frustration just melted away. If you've been craving a simple yet fun turn-based RPG with a rich, detailed story, Child of Light is for you."
,Recommended,256290,10190859,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,❤Tara❤,"If I could sum up Child of Light in one word it would be... enchanting.The graphics are beautiful, the battle system is fun, and the story is excellent.The only minor downside to this game is the dialogue can be a bit silly at times... I'm not a huge fan of all of the rhyming but it does have a certain charm!"
,Recommended,256290,10209137,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,G1nger,OMG. Just try it.
,Recommended,256290,10244686,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Izera Ann,"Graphically beautiful and fun to play. I adore the battle system and art quality, even if the rhymes are a bit of a stretch sometimes."
,Recommended,256290,10275105,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Kimchi,"bought this game, cause i liked the controlls in in the demo.but got way more than I aspected.nice storyline, beautiful artwork and perfect soundtracks !i think you can finish this game in like 6-8 hours (if you hurry), but i recommend enjoying this game in every detail.it has an interesting fighting and level system, which allows you to define your playstyle. also there is a crafting system for gems you collect in the game.-love it !"
76561197990415807,Recommended,256290,10388497,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Solinar,"Absolutely beautiful. Child of Light has reminded me of why I became enchanted with video games almost 26 years ago. A simplistic yet touching story told completlely in verse. Graphically I was constantly impressed.....attention to detail is key. Watch Aurora's hair when she's in flight.The combat system is remeniscent of the FF universe is surprisingly complex - dancing your characters around to maximise potential is key.Don't play it on normal, game is far too easy for that."
76561198063860671,Recommended,256290,10434515,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,SneezyBuster,"I was too busy gawking at the watercolor visuals to notice the more archaic RPG fight system.  A beautiful, beautiful game."
,Recommended,256290,10518647,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Jawwniepoo,"This game is magical, captivating, stunning, lovely. It has become one of my favourite games."
76561198065702773,Recommended,256290,10533771,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,EdieSandwytch72,"A fantastic and fun journey, I was super impressed."
,Recommended,256290,10629645,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,HONHONHONHONHONHON,great game and beautiful art!
76561198042585460,Recommended,256290,10630481,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The aura of a capable woman,"Certainly, worth a shot."
,Recommended,256290,10791639,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Bluebec,"I love the game play and the art in this game, but oh my god the rhyming couplets are painful."
,Recommended,256290,10818467,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,GentleGeorge ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Im gonna simplify this for you.Turn based combat.Great 3D RenderingGreat art.Great OST, it makes you feel like you're in the game.Great story.So buy it."
,Recommended,256290,10925038,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ven,Have you ever wanted to play a poem?
,Recommended,256290,10880520,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Xan // Inconsistent,Don't miss this stunning RPG.
,Recommended,256290,10994292,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,[USA] I KILLED TUPAC,Game is awesome!!!!!!
76561198126792081,Recommended,256290,11246023,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Starca,Wery beautiful game nice story all text rhimed  recommend to buy it for your children and for your self
76561198091857402,Recommended,256290,12039150,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,red x,"If you've ever gone to bed at night and find yourself dreaming lucidly in some sort of strange world where you've felt fright, exctitement, tepid happiness and wonder at the same time like a swirling pot inside your head, I can tell you right now that the setting of this game is JUST LIKE THAT. If you're quite adventurous and a big fan of classic turn-based RPG, looking for a fresh new and clever art style, as well as getting your heart strings strummed for every character in this game, then pick it up. Quite the bargain for $15 as a full-price. So much so when it goes into sale. 10/10"
,Recommended,256290,12130472,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Malethos,"Cute. Fun. Simple. Elegant. This sums up Child of Light. If you are looking for a deep. drawn out, lavish and dark RPG - go play Dark Souls.  If you are looking for something that will just make you smile a little and you can appreciate a good parable - play this game.Aurora is an adorable red headed princess lost in a magical with giant spiders, ghosts and hosts of other creatures. In her journey to save her father, she makes new friends and matures at first mentally- then physically. This game has a lot of great elements to it and more work was put into presentation than mechanics. This is by no means an insult- the creators made a simple but elegant combat and ambience in a game is not something that should ever be neglected."
76561198099942864,Recommended,256290,34491612,Posted: 25 August,all,iamtheinsanemegapinecone,"Gorgeous game, especially to play with kids age 6-10. Fairy tales and turn-based RPG fun, although the poetry is terrible, but then, when isn't it?"
76561198051874509,Recommended,256290,34537489,Posted: 27 August,all,greywolfe,"a sweet ""gateway"" rpg with a beautiful aesthetic.are you looking to get into rpg's, but all the rpg's terrify you because of their length and the ridiculous difficulty spike that goes along with managing stats, managing equipment, managing party members, doing the combat dance and generally worrying whether you're making all the right choices?if this is the case, i'd like to introduce you to child of light.  child of light is a very simple ""first"" rpg that you can finish in 10-12 hours [my playtime is excessive, because i play games slowly and i tend to try and find ALL THE THINGS.]how it all workschild of light's framework is that of a storybook.  the minute you start the game, it recounts a simple narrative that takes place in a fantasy world that feels exactly like those bedtime stories you used to hear as a child.  ""there was a princess"" ""she saw many strange things"" - i'm sure you know exactly what i mean.in this framework, you slowly collect party members that help you on your quest.  each party member has their own personality and their own strengths.  there are magic users, but each magic user does a different job.  there are physical characters, but each one tackles being physical in a different way.combat is turn based and largely stress free, but you can only ever have two party members on screen at any time during combat, where the enemy almost always has three [this is somewhat mitigated by the easy drop-in/drop-out nature of the fights:  when it's your turn, you can easily swap to one of your other party members.  you can also flee at the drop of a hat if it's your turn with no serious repurcussions.]there's no actual items to manage:  you get dust, which makes you better and jewels which you can forge into stat-boosting trinkets that do different things based on which equipment slot you put them into.  anything else you pick up is a part of the story.in the same vein, conversations are scripted.  you don't need to worry about getting things wrong in conversation trees, because everything that is said is ""the right thing at the right time to the right person.""with all this going for it, it's easy to make a case for this as your first rpg if you're even a little on the fence about the genre.  the visuals are charming, the music is beautiful [if repetitive - it's one of the very few downsides] and the story is sweet [though quite trope-y.  you'll spot many of the story beats coming a mile away.]if you've never tried a rpg, i can heartily recommend this one.pros at a glanceshort, turn-based rpg with minimal ""rpg headaches""beautiful visuals and simple, heartfelt storya great game for being introduced to rpg'sa neat protgaonist and party memberscons at a glancethe combat numbers can seem a little overwhelming [3 enemies, HUGE damage spikes]the music, while beautiful is repetitivethose rhyming couplets [it's a great conceit stretched WAY too thin.]terrifically meh dlc.  buy the dresses and golem pack.  ignore the rest."
,Recommended,256290,34542551,Posted: 27 August,all,CleverKitty,This is a cute game. I enjoyed it a lot as I played it. The combat reminded me a lot of Pokemon in its own way. It wasn't easy to get the different attacks and most of the members of the party was pretty useless generally. But in general it was a nice game. The story made up for it alot. Reminded me a lot of Cinderella! For a game thats been around awhile its a cute game! I'd wait until its on sale though before buying it. I bought it then myself!
76561198041494997,Recommended,256290,10456335,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,TAWANIMUS,Beautiful story. Brilliant art. Amazing soundtracks.
,Recommended,256290,12130628,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,udel007,"In the slew of cookie-cutter games development, this game stands out. The game play is interesting enough but simple.This game took all of the best elements of a good advanced side scrolling game (think Lion King), mixed in simple but solid RPG and crafting elements and encapsulated it with a pasion for artwork and set design.The result? An amazingly beautiful and captivating experience...making you feel like you are playing someone elses dream.On occassion the poetry is slightly cheesy, but so what?? A lot of care and passion was obviously put into making this project the best that it could be.10/10. Bravo"
,Recommended,256290,10944770,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ketchups92,"Forced rhyming couplets aside, this is an amazing RPG.Flying around as Aurora in her little yellow dress makes me feel like a bee...goddammit."
76561198109180130,Recommended,256290,22097602,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Zoen,"the whole game i was thinking its such an awesome game, looks nice, its like a mix of rayman, paper mario and trine. but then only with a female character.. graphics look like art and are real nice, gameplay also battlesystem and skill/crafting is addictive,in this game the crafting works with gems only, and there is this best gem to craft thats the princess stone, you have to mix up certain types of gems to get it...... but before i had enough gems to do so i allready made it to the end boss. i have to admit i skipped 2 quests and one of these quests gave me enough gems i would have been able to use to make the princess stone.. so it maybe was my own fault for skipping a side quest, but i did not expect a ubisoft game like this to end so fast.but thats the only minor thing i can mention about it.. you could have more playtime offcourse if you do all the quests and search for every looti just finished this game in 16 hours, just one weekend. i have to say, for what i expected from the game i'm glad i didnt pay the full price, got it on 75% sale for 3,74 euro's and that made me buy it (by the way i almost never buy games when they are full price, mostly because i dont have an high end pc anyway). i would give it 10 euros but not 15 compared to other games availble on steam.but again i say i would not pay the full price for it because im more of a quantity then quality type of gamer, rather have more playtime than good graphics, anyway, if you are more into graphics then its worth your money! its a real jewel and it gives you more fun than going to the cinema so why not :) and its a game you have to play for sure tho"
,Recommended,256290,28229728,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,supertrf,This is a well-designed RPG. I love the music especially.But be aware that this game requires Uplay account to play.
,Recommended,256290,18833012,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"Beautiful but so far a little shallow. I really want to sit down and spend some time delving into this game, but so far I haven't had the chance. I'm hoping that it gets more depthful as it goes on."
,Recommended,256290,20421944,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Si3rra,"Child, tuck yourself in bed,And let me tell a story,Of Uplay, a long despised land.It was not like Steam, who had all the fame and glory.But venture did one little gamer,To wrestle with this dark unknown.And so after much exploring,Much was learnt about this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ clone.To set it to ""auto-login"",Seemed the best way to play this game.And go to offline mode,So it will no longer be an object of shame.Now Child of Light will start just fine,And the little gamer can enjoy the game within.You can too, if you just try,And follow these steps to win."
76561198105510856,Recommended,256290,24359454,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ag.news.spec,Interesting game mechanics and nice artwork!
76561198128853852,Recommended,256290,24360418,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Nappoli,This game is amazing. The art style is awesome. The music is wonderful and the game play keeps you entertained.
,Recommended,256290,18392387,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,BunBun,100/10
,Recommended,256290,13669044,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,gamehits,"amazing! more, please!!!"
,Recommended,256290,18232673,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,charlie,Fun little game that is kind of a beginner's introduction to JRPGs.
,Recommended,256290,18321317,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,猫猫猫猫,Very solid game.  Great soundtrack and artwork.   A great fairytale rpg game.
,Recommended,256290,18321622,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kendylife,A very decent and great gam to play. Full of mystery and enchanted artworks :)
,Recommended,256290,18347061,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,EmilyEthereal,The music is so beautiful and the visuals and art style are amazing. I haven't gotten very far into the game but I already love it.
76561198020144608,Recommended,256290,20370170,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Clark Kent,"If the game won't play for you [you press play, but nothing loads, even though Steam says you are in game]1) Open Uplay (make sure Uplay is updated and current) while Steam is not running.2) Open Steam3) Attempt to run 'Child of Light' in Steam. A pop-up with a serial key will appear. Copy this number, but do not press 'Play' or 'Run Game' or whatever.4) Find an icon in Uplay (I think in 'Games' tab). It will say Activate Game or something. Click on this, and enter the serial key from (3) above. The game should now be activated.5) Go back to Steam, and run the game.Hope it works for you."
76561198071421958,Recommended,256290,20881607,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,eternal jape,Pros:Everything except stupid framerate.Cons:FramerateUplay
,Recommended,256290,32702543,Posted: 23 June,all,Jayowend,👌Beautiful art direction & music.
76561198002555011,Recommended,256290,13732467,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,MattyVanHalen,"Child of Light is a very artistic roleplaying adventure game that is unique in a lot of ways.  With impressive hand-drawn graphics in the background, unique looking characters and monsters, and excellent lighting, this game at first impression looks fantastic.  Throw in an interesting storyline written in poetic prose that makes dialogue feel fun and alive, a beautiful soundtrack, and flowing gameplay, and that makes Child of Light more than worth getting.As far as gameplay goes, you control Aurora, the main character--a female protagonist--and journey through the lands of Lemuria, running, jumping, and flying.  Along the way, you find interesting and unique NPCs that will join your party, and more importantly, a firefly named Igniculus, that becomes a major part of the player's mouse controls.  With Igniculus, you slow down monsters, pick up items out of reach, heal your characters, and perform many other functions in and out of combat.The combat system is very different, with a feel of turn-based roleplaying games with a time-delay system.  Timing attacks, usage of items, using Igniculus to slow down monsters, and swapping party members in and out, is all a vital part of succeeding in this somewhat difficult game.  Once fights are completed, you are rewarded with experience and items, where you can build each of your characters through certain skill paths.Child of Light isn't without its flaws, however.  The fact that you can only use two party members at a time, without exchanging during combat, leaves the player unable to use all of his or her characters.  I found myself throughout the entire game using mainly only Aurora (being the main character) and one other character, because he just simply felt better than the others.  On top of that, while the combat system is well-designed, it can lead to very time-consuming battles, where it feels like you simply get nowhere, as you are constantly pressured, overwhelmed, and interrupted, which moves characters back down the timeline to perform an attack.  Also, because of this, most items appear to be pretty worthless, because attacks are so important to deliver successfully and quickly; there simply isn't enough time to use most items in the game.All in all, Child of Light is a very beautiful, inspiring, well-crafted game with a lot of added humor and fun for all ages.  I can't rate this as high as other reviews because the downsides really killed the game for me after a while, but I do recommend this game nontheless.  I rate it a 7.3 out of 10."
76561198046239141,Recommended,256290,21207370,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Rattmelion,good musicgood storyand I liked the fact that everything was spoken in rhymes(and had no problems with Ubisoft so far)
,Recommended,256290,23803562,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Bovinistic,"Amazing dialogue, character development, plot, and unique battle system.Loved it 10/10."
,Recommended,256290,10046283,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,arendhil,This game's gameplay remmembers me of Valkyrie Profile with some aditional quirks. Beside having a nice gameplay this game's art is awesome.
,Recommended,256290,15466481,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Nimmy,I will never agree that rap is poetry.
76561198029886094,Recommended,256290,12126918,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,rourou,a must have !
76561198035575026,Recommended,256290,12940409,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,H.Sass,This is so beautiful.I cant stop listening to the soundtrack!
76561198057129523,Recommended,256290,20206922,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,adzl33t,"I'm not the biggest fan of turn based game, but this is one of most engaging complulsive games I played (like playing at 3 AM gaming)There are two mechanics here that's makes way more entertaining than any Final Fantasy GameA loading bar interface that helps the player to find out who's turn is it, with a small window for any moves, when the player moves timed just right that can push their opponents back another turn (but can happen to the player too)and the firefly companion during waiting time can either provides health for player's character or slow down oppponents, this would give something the player to do why waiting for their turn, and give an extra sense of strategy to the game.Along with the ease to use in game system, there's also a crafting system that has it products to be use interchangable for the player's party, and simple skill trees. This is an easy to use RPG game that's great for first timers, yet allows veterans to think more deepy with the game in order to curb stomp opponents.As I'm writing this I only played easy mode, and only got 2-4 party members knocked out while hardly using my items, but there was plently of game, about over 17 hours of my first playthrough.The story is engaging with his melachony atmosphere and sense of humor, fun characters, and a simple coming of age story that use many typical perhaps some Grimm Tale tropes and archtypes, it may seem cliche, but the presentation of elegant art style made me interested playing though, direct and simple not bloated and overly complicated, but beautifully bittersweet.This is perhaps my favorite RPG game period, but keep in mind I'm not the biggest RPG fan.So for newcomers or experts, I think this would most likely interested them."
,Recommended,256290,17447368,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Crazyi,"Overall - 8/10 I really enjoyed this game as a turn based RPG fan. I didn't score it higher because outside of the combat it doesn't really push the boundry, but its a fantastic itteration on the tradional.Story: Its like a poetic child's book. Not going to blow you away but its nice.Combat: Fantastic if you like turn based RPGs. I cannot explain this in a small paragraph, but basically your mouse has special powers and you can interupt enemy actions by timing things properly with character actions. Very fun take on the tradional format.Exploring - Little nooks to find, traps to dodge, and small little puzzles are fun but nothing new.Art Style - Certainly not next level but I really liked the visuals of the game. It adds to the story book feeling."
,Recommended,256290,10045709,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,LeapMaster,"Simply a beautiful, heartfelt game. The fairy-tale style takes a little getting used to, but the game is really just amazingly well polished and a great experience. The soundtrack is nothing short of amazing, the hand-drawn graphics are gorgeous, the characters somehow manage to feel un-tropey despite a few cliche characteristics, the worlds are a blast to explore, combat is simple yet surprisingly tactical, deep, and incredibly rewarding, and the story is a small rollercoaster ride from start to finish, even if it largely serves to simply tie everything together. I can't bring myself to name a single issue I had with the game, other than the always-in-iambic-pentamiter dialogue feeling a tad bit forced at a few points.All of the charm of a small indie title, with the talent and production of a large studio; definitely worth checking out. This game is one hell of an adventure."
76561198043291817,Not Recommended,256290,35226421,Posted: 26 September,all,Dogatello,"Mediocre, at best.Don't get me wrong, the game get a few things right, like the art and the music, which are really great. The combat is really bad at the very beginning, since you don't have that much options. It is just after getting you fourth or fifth character that the battle really becomes interesting. But what they do get wrong they REALLY get it wrong: the narrative.The way everything is written is just unbearable, it is painful to read. It is confusing and unecessary, like an attempt to make the story looks far more complex than it really is. It is so bad that at some points I just wanted to skip everything altogether, since it was not worth the effort. After the midgame everything is rushed, like they're pumping a lot of content in a short time span, while at the beginning of the game everything was so slow to build up.Sincerely, I would refund this one if I could, the experience is just not worth it. 4/10, being really generous."
,Recommended,256290,9983816,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Based 'Bola,Dr. Seuss~2014
,Not Recommended,256290,11582083,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Luxury Yacht,"The game probably has a nice story, but I'm low vision and so wasn't about to put the effort into squinting and rereading every blessed line of dialog. If they hired even just one VA I may have enjoyed this game, as is I found the mechanics incredibly dull and uninteresting within the first two hours of play."
,Not Recommended,256290,13747707,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Matsuda Kudo,"I download steam (that dosen't work very well) and I want to play Child of play. To do that, I have to create an account of Uplay too? Ubisoft....this is lame....no wonder I don't buy your stuff anymore."
76561197961025317,Not Recommended,256290,24430924,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Grospoliner,Nice game. Uses UPlay though.
,Recommended,256290,9984613,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,ChaosReigner,"I wish it was about a dudebro with a magic tattoo. Oh well, still pretty good I guess."
76561197960883325,Not Recommended,256290,11096876,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Man'o'WarBird,Horribly boring unless you're 8 years old and don't have access to Skylanders. Flat characters and annoying dialogue (the rhyming through the entire game was cheesy and didn't make sense half the time. I feel bad for whoever had to write this.)
76561198094081213,Recommended,256290,9980972,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Hamppy,THAT IS A DAMN GREAT GAME
,Recommended,256290,9980910,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,mdmikeydempsey7,"Awesome game. Really pretty and very fluid, but not difficult. Recommend playing on hard mode if you're in any way used to turn-based RPGs."
76561197961866157,Recommended,256290,9980929,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,WishX,"Great rpg, it keeps what makes classic rpgs great combined with nice hand drawn visualsthis is how rpgs should be, all the next gen rpg games just pile on the graphics and they usually feel hollow and not really worth remembering or playing twiceubisoft has been steller lately unleashing south park stick of truth and this gameand they arent even known for making rpgs, but they did what most rpg makers have forgottenkeeping the battle system like the good old days and having good story and music with likeable charectersi really wish square enix would take a closer look at these games and realize what makes a good rpgi use to just buy square enix games and Atlus games for rpgs but now it seems square enix is going downhill and i'm looking elsewhere  for rpgs and ubisoft has delivered to what old school rpg fans love most.on that note because ubisoft took the time to polish these games, they have both been day 1 purchases to mekeep up the good work ubisoft"
76561198014055694,Not Recommended,256290,24021677,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Eclaer,"Giving a negative review due to UPlay. Two layers of DRM is unacceptable.Edit: Since many people have been unhappy with the above line being all of my review, let me add that I found the game itself very pretty, and the dialogue and the characters are quite charming in an old fairy tale kind of way. In the mood, I sensed a kind of mixture between cheerfulness, hope, and melancholy. The game works reasonably well, although sometimes the combats feel too long and too repetitive. The combat is turn-based and can take a while each time. You need to fight though to make your party stronger in order to be able to pass some mandatory enemies. I think the game would have been better with less combat.If you can stand UPlay and having to log in to many platforms to play a game, the game itself is nice. I do understand the developers of the game have probably been entirely helpless against Ubisofts politics with UPlay. Oh well."
76561198021755479,Not Recommended,256290,12365891,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Shmeegashper,"Forced-sounding, terrible poetry for a rhyme's sake, and lazy combat. Only thing this game has are some visuals to lure you into buying like a siren's song."
,Recommended,256290,9982598,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,MishMash,You too can be the Child of Light!10/10Warning: High octane turn based action!
76561198039915434,Recommended,256290,9981471,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,zyfcjtc,best rpg game ever
76561198082345505,Recommended,256290,9981165,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Cairn.L,"One of the best RPG game, no doubt!"
76561198010491537,Recommended,256290,9984545,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,nefem,"Stop reading, just go buy.. amazing!!"
76561198118496779,Not Recommended,256290,13339094,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,snakejishi,"THE GAME IS FUN, BUT, many people have had screen tearing!!! Uplay conflicts with steam and the result screen tearing!!!"
,Recommended,256290,9980341,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,silence87,"I have barely scratched the surface of this game so far, but it is definitely reminiscent of old JRPG titles. The music and artwork are fantastic, and though there is no voice acting to speak of so far, the storytelling is still very believable. The controls are easy to use and the learning curve isn't too steep. Highly recommended from what I've seen so far."
,Recommended,256290,9981425,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,LiNkwOw,"this game is pretty amazing and fun. I have never used uplay and have no problems that others claim to have... my conclusion is that this game is a good buy and if your crying about uplay.... grow some balls and get over it because all you do is login and boom, your done and ready to play the game"
76561197971471023,Recommended,256290,9981218,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Minikaitro,"Beautiful game. The puzzles are unique, the battles are fluid and interesting, the level progression is wonderful. The voiced scenes are touching and capture the attention. It would have been a real treat if it was all voice acted, but I am not complaining ;) Oh, and the music is absolutely perfect! Overall, I highly recommend this game. Even at its full price, It feels totally worth it."
,Recommended,256290,9982346,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Siyano,"BEAUTIFUL!I m rarely impress by artwork but this game, JUST WOW"
76561198056962973,Not Recommended,256290,33374986,Posted: 8 July,all,abtin online,"Played for a bit.  Go back and can't play because of the incredibly annoying Uplay forced app thing.  Having to download another app to play a game is not an acceptable practice.  I downloaded your game, I just want to play that."
76561198036970021,Recommended,256290,10011503,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Gypsy Chronomancer,"A game of light, there is no doubt.That if you seek beauty, you shall not pout.For music, graphics, and story tooThis game has those all through and through.A small complaint: The length and depth -Of fighting, bosses, and extra content.It could use more hard challenges, that's for sure...But to a child, who could want for more?Should I ever have kids, I'm sure I'll wantTo show them this creativity font.Because everything rhymes in game,I thought a review without it would be lame.But that is all I find wanting, more music and more challenges.The scope of the combat system could use some balances.For you see once you've killed a boss' two minions -It's curtains for them in my opinion.It seems such a waste on a new game plusNot to add more bosses and content to try and make you bust.Cirque du Soleil gave a composer to this.What he adds to the music is a nice shot of bliss.Having said all that, it's beautiful to children, women or men.I want more of it all.... Nine out of ten."
,Recommended,256290,9995227,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Muzlu Süt,"An amazing fairy tale ! I really loved the story, graphics.. And the music is.. Charming !The fighting system is really good idea and works amazig. You have to think and make new strategies against smart and powerfull enemies. Not so easy not so hard. And Aurora.. She is magical.Charming Fairy Tale 10\10 !!!"
,Recommended,256290,9986042,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Pleiades,"The game is undeniably beautiful, with the excellent score as accompaniment. The story is rhymed and whimsical to match, an ease and joy to read. The backgrounds are lovingly detailed, and the eagle-eyed would easily spot hidden treasures scattered across the land of Lemuria, and exploration is encouraged in side quests, opening up new sections of an area. The combat system may take some time to get used to, with certain elements of timing and luck required to get your skills or interrupts off, and learning it would make battles a breeze.While on the whole I would recommend this game, thus far there is a certain linearity; I had wandered ahead before returning to complete a quest, and later triggered a new story cutscene in a place I had already been to. The 2-member party size might seem very limiting as well, one assumes to encourage more active swapping.Edit on game completion: The replayability would come from collecting all the items, unlocking the skills, but if you're not one to do that, then leaving this game for a sale would be alright. One thing I should warn is that there is no brief break betwen the second last and the last boss, and I got a nasty shock from the transition. I myself would like to read all the dialogue all over again, but this is subjective."
76561198064623007,Recommended,256290,11096746,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,FeaR_TH3_Reap3R,"There's not enough good things to say about this gameFirst off, yes it needs uplay. But for a game like this, they could force me to run uplay, steam, origin, whatever they wanted and I'd still buy it. The story is beautiful in a way that very few other games have come close to. The watercolor art style fits well with the 2D viewpoint. The characters are interesting, the story is fantastic, the controls work well. The fight system is fun to use and requires actual strategy instead of random button mashing or luck. I have honestly no negative things to say about this game. For 15 bucks, I clocked in a playtime of over 7 hours and I've only finished the main story. There's still loads of sidequests and areas to explore. If you haven't played it yet, do it now. Of my entire library, I'm normally critical of most games, but this game falls into the category of 1 in 4 that I actually loved enough to write a positive review of."
,Recommended,256290,10022222,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,g1_HybridRain,"Child of Light - 8/10 - Buy it!Full review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsAT_B8T8Bk*Personal Note:I had 0 (Zero) problems with the Uplay. Yes, it is annoying to install another game client but for me installing on Windows 8.1 had no problems. I was even able to play the game in Offline Mode so please give love to this game! Share it!Pros+An excelent RPG+Music, Voice Acting and SFX are remarkable!+Colorful and dark.+Easy Learning Curve+Perfect for young and new audience of the RPG genre.+It's $15! Great value!Cons-Only 8-12 hours for an RPG... but is more of a nitpick. You can play again on a harder difficulty with all your Skills.-Narration toward the end stops and leaves wanting more exposition of the world and the main characters.-Main characters interactions are minimal. Sadly you will only be attach to their skills and not their personalities.-It leaves you wanting more! The ending felt kind of rush.Comment, discuss, video response, we will talk about it... next time.Don't forget you can get your intro here on The Viewer by sending me a video response on YouTube! It's easier that way :DCheck out my channel for more reviews!---Follow me on:Twitterhttps://twitter.com/HybridRainFacebookhttps://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Hy...Tumblrhttp://hybridrain.tumblr.com/"
,Not Recommended,256290,25536114,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Avitus,Couldn't launch game because of Uplay. Had to contact Ubisoft support.Uplay/10
76561198177956899,Not Recommended,256290,26652856,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ZakalweJ,"The game itself is brilliant, but after 6 hours of gameplay the game will no longer launch. I'm 99% certain that this has to do with Uplay. Ubisoft kills another perfectly good game with its stupid policies."
,Not Recommended,256290,14236003,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Toot Toot (Yeah) Beep Beep,"""I mean, I guess Limbo was an OKAY game, but what it really needed was the Final Fantasy treatment, complete with bad combat system and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rhyming dialogue""Okay, Ubisoft. If you say so."
,Recommended,256290,12929939,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,sethron202,i loved this game it had a great story
,Recommended,256290,10020281,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,GuardianTV,Very very good gameGood story good game playtrust me ... im Gamer LOLLLL
,Recommended,256290,10037408,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Robywn,"Everything about this game is stunning.The music, the characters, THE STORY (!), the enviroment, everything is amazing. It's truly a work of art.A true fairy tale on every level. You'll NOT be dissapointed.Buy it. Play it. LOVE IT."
,Recommended,256290,10019133,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,legsbrogan,Enjoying the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it!
,Recommended,256290,10014661,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,avena,100/10 best game ever. Speaking in poems for the rest of my life from now on.
,Recommended,256290,9985317,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,E.N.D.,It be purty. 3.14/3.14
76561198072597600,Recommended,256290,9986210,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,raz0rF1sh,I can already tell that this game is a masterpiece and i've only played a few chapters.
76561197988320311,Recommended,256290,9991641,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Husshuss,This game will awaken hidden emotions inside you.
,Recommended,256290,12665298,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,BadgerofWar,"Was gonna make this rhyme, didn't have the time. That was ♥♥♥♥ing corney. Uplay is balls."
76561198309224485,Not Recommended,256290,26548986,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,jackieblue48,this game is melancholy and goes on and on. doesn't allow for much control.  Did not like it. Not my style at all.
,Recommended,256290,10031983,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Eatitup_86,"Enjoyed this game from start to finish. Wonderful music, Paper Mario-like combat with a few twists, and a solid story make this a great experience.The only negative is it is only 12-15 hrs long. It does feature New Game+ with harder enemies and such though. :)"
76561198039817715,Recommended,256290,10021849,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,WaffleHeart <#,"Wow. Just wow. This is the first review I've ever written, and I've played alot of steam games. But this one was so moving that I just had to write one.The first thing that comes to mind is how polished the game is, good on the technical designers for making sure that the controls are intuitive and respond well. I know alot of people overlook how well the UI works in a game, but it responds so well, eliminates unnecessary clicking, and just overall isn't cumbersome.The gameplay and story are a 10/10 for me. Story was great, and I'll leave it at that as to not spoil anything, but I like how all of the dialog consists of rhymes. As for gameplay, I love how the battle system is dependant on your skill as a player, if you learn how to use the system well, which doesn't take much, you can almost do boss battles without taking damage.Music could have been a bit more dramatic, but it was still great."
76561198054465697,Not Recommended,256290,22153981,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,sigsegv,Uplay
,Recommended,256290,10472847,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,kisusu,great game. best of a kind.
76561197989767608,Not Recommended,256290,13734595,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,weis,"BE CAREFUL !! Do not buy this game, if you have a bit older CPU. It will simply denys you to play the game with an older CPU and your money would be wasted."
76561198039698928,Recommended,256290,10022719,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Pelerin,"I highly recommend this game, it's a combination of metroidvania exploration and JRPG style turn-based combat, in a fairytale like setting with spectacular art and soundtrack."
,Recommended,256290,26147545,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,George Foreman Grill,"once in a while an actual good game shows up, a game thats actually orignal and fun, then once in a while a work of art shows up. wtf why isn't ubisoft publishing more games like this, it is actually one of the best games. and why the dafuq can ubisoft montreal make bad games, thenout of no where make this game. how does ubisoft even work, what is ubisoft, is there life after death, why do i get banned so much from club penguin these are the real questions.this game is perfect in every way, from gameplay, to art style, to story. 10/10, the art work is top notch. everything is painted in a light whispy water color style, and turns out that simple water color can make really detialed enviroments. the music is also a striaght jam alert. soft paino and sollum cello, then when you get into a battle♥♥♥♥♥♥gets lit. you really feel like your life is on the line, just perfect music. now the gameplay is a good mixture of turn based and an orginal little twist. its skillful enough that you feel like you are in control and your getting better, but its not so hard and punishing to learn or complex so that you never get the hang of it. the diffuculty is on point too, you have two choices and they hit home pretty well. on casual or normal its pretty chill. the game puts you in an inch of your life sometimes, but it never really kills you that much. then the harder diffuculty will make you want to crawl into your bathtub and kill yourself. then aside from all of that the story is really great, cute almost ,but in a good fun way. you got roofied by your evil♥♥♥♥♥step mom, and now your like in a dream or something, then like boom betrayal, then like dang. its real good. THEN on top of that you have this large open world, where you can find stuff, do missions, a true rpg. a true soviet game, did the soviets even have video games. call of lenin, that would be a good game.yeah this is one of the good games, the only thing that makes it a pain is that you have to log into uplay. uplay is actually the worst thing ever invented. everytime i open it up i contemplate if it would be easier to just crawl into my bathtub and kill myself, but its kinda worth it to play this game."
76561198025304381,Not Recommended,256290,18783574,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,phlangeface,...
76561198066777203,Recommended,256290,34783579,Posted: 6 September,all,Massokka,"Si te gustan los RPG antiguos stilo FF 9/7/6 juntado con un toque de fantasia, princesas y poesia, Child of light te hara disfrutar de unas buenas 12h de juego"
76561198086331205,Not Recommended,256290,21787058,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Speedy Speedy Chicken Wing,Uplay is a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Game isn't bad at all
,Not Recommended,256290,23025340,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,tsukuyo,game has only one problem:heroes and enemies has high hp for no reason it makes fights much longer and makes them boring and u cant even see your enemy remaining hp even bosses
,Recommended,256290,23793349,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Fantasya,A beautiful game
,Recommended,256290,32903802,Posted: 27 June,all,69/113 All-Hero Challenge v7,+++
,Not Recommended,256290,19919015,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,EpicGroover,1. launched2. admired art style3. found first enemy4. spent 2 hours trying to defeat enemy5. never played again1/10 atleast the art styles kinda cool...
76561198089296870,Recommended,256290,16376086,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,AlphaGay,this game is p ♥♥♥♥ing good i wanna put my♥♥♥♥♥♥in it
,Recommended,256290,16801984,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Kelsuis,Epic
76561197992557789,Not Recommended,256290,23032072,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,s2adowhawk,"Absolutely gorgeous visually, fantastic sound design, and a story I could have put up with.  The actual game mechanics don't grab me though.  Add in Uplay and it's hard to stay interested in this one.  What a shame."
,Recommended,256290,13747060,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Copernicus,"Aurora made a very fresh and relieving ""aurora"" through my pants during the well timed but slightly over dramatic sex scenes this game has to offer. The weapon diversity was very refreshing compared to the prequels, and for this slow paced yet action packed fps, it only made me enjoy it more. On top of this, the studio hit the nail on the head by the way they portrayed a man with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥'s struggles in the modern world.10/10.1"
76561198025939333,Not Recommended,256290,20782620,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Aktifit,"Not my kind of game, also, the rhyming is really annoying."
,Not Recommended,256290,22136838,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Cloptata,bad
76561198067749777,Not Recommended,256290,31308720,Posted: 22 April,all,Altoidmintz,"fun for a few hours, then hit an impossible boss and it became wicked grindy. no replay value. pretty graphics tho. Worth buying to kill a half dozen hours, but I couldn't bring myself to beat it without getting bored and can't recommend."
76561198033157634,Recommended,256290,9985756,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Hanbark,we made a multiple headed boss bob it's heads to the music during a battle. We sure made it rattle. 10/10
76561198015899378,Recommended,256290,9986307,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,trungly88,beautiful game.
,Recommended,256290,9986593,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Ludipe,"I don't usually like JRPGs, I get bored of them easily, but that didn't happen with Child of Light. The combat is great, deep and requires strategy. The art and music is simply awesome, both very beautiful.Just buy the game and give it a chance, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,256290,10003142,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,lowclass,"Beautiful artsyle, wonderful gameplay! I'm really enjoying the narrative and storytelling medium explored in hand drawn and watercolour art aesthetic!"
,Recommended,256290,10015283,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,QuirkyDigit,"This game is like a beautifully illustrated children's fairy tale book brought to life. A wonderful experience.My only real gripe would be that I feel the game takes control away from the user too often and sometimes for much longer than neccessary. These in-game cutscenes are tollerable the first time through, but this game is designed to be replayed to continue progressing your characters and to have to sit through every cutscene again without being able to skip starts to become torturous.Also, I really like Uplay, especially the way you're actually rewarded for achievements (or 'actions'), I just wish ubisoft would also allow steam achievements on their games. Some have trading cards, so why not achievements?"
,Recommended,256290,10016328,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Sokico,"This is a really wonderful game--one of the best I've played.The art direction is consistent and well implemented, and the world--although open--is readily defined and interesting. The same goes for the storyline--some telegraphing but in a way that's consistent with fairy-tale type stories, and impressively leaves a few surprises.Highly recommended."
76561198099548992,Recommended,256290,10017262,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,brunomarques987,Cool art. Coll Characters. Cool batale system. Dialogue suffers from constant ryming. Highly recomended.Do yourselfs a favour and get his amazing game.
,Recommended,256290,9989636,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Kamikaze839,By far one of the most beautiful art styles I have seen in a game. Love the gameplay too.
,Recommended,256290,9993326,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Warr,This game is so amazing. I love the character animations and how great they are. I'm also in love with the scenery background. Honestly ever since I saw this I've been wanting to play it; and it is more than what I expected. It has an amazing enhanced turn based fighting sequences that are so fun to be in. Along with the skill trees your character and the side characters have. Some people wouldnt like the platform type game nowadays but this game makes it work. I definatly reccomend buying this game.
76561198046943656,Recommended,256290,9996351,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,レミリア スカーレット,Awesome musicAwesome poet dialogueAwesome artFlying!JRPG!Moe!Female protagonist!
76561198055381197,Recommended,256290,9996362,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,GosuTomTom,"Awesome game !Wonderful graphism and music, nice story, good combat system, and a world worth exploring, for only 15€ ! Go !"
,Recommended,256290,9996617,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Heofonfýr (Cedarwood & Oakmoss),"Beautiful graphics, relaxing soundtracks, a game for real man."
,Recommended,256290,10017790,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,{[[UMB]]}Everglow,The game is amazing.  The amount of love and devotion put into it really shows.  It's just different enough from the normal RPGs you play to seem new but it still has enough RPG qualities to feel comfortable.  The story is well written.  Yes some of the poetry is a bit cheesy but that's what happens when you do an entire game in rhyme.  All and all I'd give it a solid 8/10.  Well worth the money even at full price.  Some people have griped about the uplay being tacked on but I barely noticed it.
76561198072369180,Recommended,256290,10020261,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,ayrek7,"This game was amazing. The beautiful artwork, the music and the battle system. It left me wanting more. This game has the potential to be so much more than what it is. Even after beating it I wanted to keep playing. I really hope Bioware adds more DLC or some sort of an expansion so I can return to Lumeria. Great game, highly reccomended."
76561198058248842,Recommended,256290,10029654,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,[FC] Colonel Ketchup,"Very simplified rpg. Great artwork. So far, i've only encountered linear paths. All in all though, it's a good game"
,Recommended,256290,10030958,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Kraaken,"This game has beautiful art work and funny dialogue. Along with its interesting story, the cute characters and scenery make this game a marvel. I adore the art style in this game a lot. The only thing I would change is how the enemies have no health bar; so besides  seeing them change their posture when they are getting tired and closer to death, it is hard to tell how close they really are. Other than that, it is an amazing game with a beautiful sound track as well."
76561198096400058,Recommended,256290,10035160,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,ironccept,"O jogo é muito bom, lembra Valkyrie Profile do PS1, porem Child of LIght é mais simples e infelismente curto, com 10 horas de jogo é possivel terminar o jogo."
,Recommended,256290,10003352,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Darwin.W,"Great old school JRPG, Great score and poetical dialogues, Great artworks.Absoulutely  masterpiece !"
,Recommended,256290,9984067,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Gilgalad80,"Blends platforming, RPG and TBS elements nicely. Beautiful art design and music. Enjoyable yet melancholic fairy tale storyline.Excellent game all around."
,Recommended,256290,9985264,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Lunatics,"Skip the lunch and get Child of Light; to sum this game up it's really like playing in a graphical novel. My only wish is that the dialog between characters was voiced but I guess one could say by making everyone a mute adds to the narrative.Overall though the gameplay is great, story is fantastic, and ambient sound is immersive. 5/5 would recommend to ones mother."
,Recommended,256290,10255338,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Harrison11106,"This is the first game in alongtime that I wasn't able to put down until I finished it,Journeybeing the other recent game in that category. A turn based Jrpg esk type of adventure, there's a lot of depth to it, from the characters & their quirks to the exploration there's a lot to do.  This game proves that an RPG doesn't have to be bleak/dark to be done well, & this was donevery well.This is also one of those titles that falls under the easy to grasp, hard to master category.  It has in game tutorials which are easy to grasp, where the rub comes in is using your party to their best effect during battles, simply to see what combinations of characters work best against enemies is an experience on its own.  The Dr Seuss/Shakeperian type dialog might turn off people slightly after a time, but it fits with the kind of game this is.Do yourself a favor if youre an RPG fan & add this beauty to your collection, you'll be glad you did."
,Recommended,256290,10007235,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,shakin like booty meat,Smash monsters with swords and spells and listen to really really cool music
,Recommended,256290,9994562,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,cheddy76,"I have played for two hours so far, and I have to say this is just fantastic!! I can not wait to explore the entire world with Aurora and Sir Firefly!!"
,Recommended,256290,9995303,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,overklok,"Phenomenal game, great story telling and a unique take on the turn based combat system. Story was well done too, but some of the forced rhyming was awkward. Definitely a must play for RPG lovers"
,Recommended,256290,10016583,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Xar623,The Art is gorgeous and the battle system is awesome8/10 from me
,Recommended,256290,10031878,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Hip To Be Square,"It's amazing. Beautiful + Coolest battle system ever. Also great sound design, which is something I don't say a lot."
,Recommended,256290,10032904,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Count Moldy,"I am really into turn based RPGs that probably greatly helped in my appreciation of this game. This game is great. Although no one part stands apart as truly amazing. It is overall a great experience. Combat is a bit lacking in early parts of the game, but the enjoyment it provides picks up speed an hour or two in. The dialog is not deep or life changing, but amusing at times and the story as a whole is enjoyable. I do recommend playing on hard if you want to have to actually pay attention to what your characters are doing. Exploration is also rewarded. Although there is not much variance in the items to find, trying to collect them all is a worthy goal.Uplay will turn some off, but it is handled well, was complication free for me and even worked offline. None of the DLC is remotely required and only one bit of it is actually worth wile. If the game interests you, I doubt you will be disappointed with your purchase. That said you are not missing out if you wait for a sale. I urge you to keep it on your wishlist and play at some point."
76561198007867487,Recommended,256290,9986204,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Buck,"Just started playing it, and I love it.  Really beautiful game with an interesting storyline.  Good price too."
76561197980697732,Recommended,256290,9986280,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Arkus,"First I saw the gameplay and trailer and though *Looks interesting... should give it a try* Then the pre-sale came out and my GF said *Let's buy it !!* and so we did. Got a extra costume for Aurora and when the game finally downloaded I was somehow happy and nervous. Finally I started to play the game and found that the game does have a feeling of metroidvania mixed with nostalgic JRPG the extensive amount of skills and awesome art work it's outstanding. I got all the dlc and still don't regret a single dollar, I recommend to give a try, the gameplay it's really good and if you like the RPG games like I do.... well... you will love this game for sure and one more thing. The price of $14.99 it's too cheap for the game that they offer. Recommended 100% and with really AWESOME soundtrack and the new kind of gameplay where you can fly gives a plus to the whole package.Give a chance to this game, you will not regret it. +10/10Note: Not a clue why the 75/100 when it crealy reach and pass that score. 93/100 for me."
76561198053290454,Recommended,256290,10003095,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,ChunderDragon35,"Incredible game, well worth buying. It's fantastic art style, beautiful soundtrack and compelling combat make it thoroughly enjoyable from start to finish. Child of Light's charming yet melancholy fairytale story (complete with rhyming dialogue) is a nice breath of fresh air, and definitely makes this game worth checking out. Something worth mentioning though is that the game is relatively short (for an rpg) as it takes around 10-15 hours to complete. Personally I think the game is worth the £11.99 price tag for the music alone."
76561198003526818,Recommended,256290,10017765,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Shplort,"For the Gamers, without the feeling of wanting to be entertained... Child of Light is a mysteriously wonderful world created by Ubisoft, and should be enjoyed by enthusiasts, and not looked upon as entertainment. It is entertaining, but it is so much more. I would recommend this game to everyone I know who would want to appreciate such an experience, yet no one else.Must have, if you love games - look at the trailers to see the actual gameplay."
76561198067995281,Recommended,256290,10023788,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,chrpum3975,"The fluidity, childlike innocence and beauty this game holds is astounding. This game is not very difficult; yet extremely satisfying. I recommend that you just sit back, relax and enjoy this game for the simple fun that it will bring. Bravo Developers I will enjoy multiple play throughs of this game.Thanks!"
76561197993010641,Recommended,256290,10023938,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Alpha_6,Amazing game. A nod to over a dozen classic games in a new format. One of the best active time battle systems ive seen since Final Fantasy 7. The artwork and style is superb.
76561198006354106,Recommended,256290,9992723,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,msk888hyper,What happened about Japanese version?   It' didn't work at all.  Hey UBI!!!!!
,Recommended,256290,9995231,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Lumic,"Gorgeous, capivating, and a joy to play!"
,Recommended,256290,10029429,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,I am the CURE!,"Touching, inspiring, and gorgeous.The gameplay was fun and everything feels fluffy and organic which is awesome.The length of this game is satisfying and the boss is challenging enough to keep you focus.I do enjoy the progress of Aurora to retreive the lost artifact & she is one of the toughest female protagonist.It took me 10 hours to finish a game & I smiled throughout the process.This game will not rush you with the quest and the puzzle is entertaining.9.5/10"
,Recommended,256290,10033381,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,danijones,"A stunning and fantastic adventure game! A great RPG with stunning graphics. It's a bit addictive, too. Several times now I've stopped playing only to pick the controller back up 10 minutes later to play a bit more. I DEFINITELY recommend this game! The story it lovely and the art is beautiful."
76561198055513269,Recommended,256290,10024769,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Yanna,"Both user friendly (from someone who is somewhat of a novice to gaming) and fun. Beautiful graphics with a great plot, if it were a book I would have it on my shelf next to all my favorites."
76561198010492811,Recommended,256290,9996090,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Hanayumi,"Just got into it but feels like a great little rpg, dark fairy tale~esk story and setting, so much so they even made nearly everything rhymes (although a few are....meh)~Stunning artistic backgrounds and characters, gorgeous watercolors~Nice soundtrack, soothing, decent battle music~Combat is a little more then the usual turn based with the help of your firefly friend :o~Rpg mechanics pretty basic (may want to put up the diffculty if you played rpgs before)While havent gone deep into it yet, overall, beautiful artwork and music, easy play with decent combat, not much soul into the story yet but will see.."
76561197970695064,Recommended,256290,10038042,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Slimey,"OK, first off at first glance this isn't the kind of thign that would noramlly get me into it that much. I'm eclectic in tastes, but lately I've moved away from hack n slash RPG's and FPS's a little. Sure I have spent hours running around battlefields shooting terrorists etc. in COD et al, and delved into the depths of Dragon Age and Skyrim, but every now anf then I pull back and spend a bit of time on one of the Total War series, just to chnge the pace. SO when I was getting nostalgic the other week I thought I'd delve into the old adventure game genre, less real time, more puzzle solving etc.So I was having a browse through the Steam Store and came across this. At first glance I was, OK looks interesting, but is it too childish and simple for me? I mean I've played through Bookworm adventures and Peggle, so I'm not adverse to the 'toy' style games every now and then. But I wasn't sure about playing through something slow and reminiscent of the old text adventures. In the surface it does seem like that kind of game. But I had a look around the web and saw some good things written about CoL, so I thought, for £12 how bad can it get? In the end, I can always gift the game off to someone and I won't have dropped £30-40 on a bust.Well, no fear, because this is one of those few games I will likely return to some time from now and enjoy all over again. To use a single word to sum up a game, which can be very hard sometimes, this is majestic! Or maybe sumptuous is a better word? Or enthralling? Or….No, one word won’t do. The artistry involved, the story telling, the simple but challenging mechanics that just want to keep you playing another ½ hour when you should do something productive (or sleep). It all adds up to one of the best games I have ever played. It’s well paced without being too frantic (combat) or too laconic (travelling around the map).I can thoroughly recommend this to anyone except the spotty teen who simply has to have the biggest baddest gun, the highest score, or the most rad in game character. It’s a great game to relax with if you are in the mood for something less hectic.My only downer on this, if you can call it that, is its over too soon if you pursue the main quest, though you can play through once you’ve completed that and tick off the little side quests etc. I’d like to see some DLC to expand the experience (the map does actually hint at additional locations as yet unlocked). But for £12, who am I kidding. You could pay £20+ for this and be satisfied.Excellent adventure! 96% (if you have to put a rating on it)"
,Recommended,256290,9994495,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Odieman,"Great game. IF you are into a story and the art, I say buy it. It seems less about demolishing everything and more about enjoying the scenery, art, style. Don't get me wrong....you still get in some pretty epic fights!"
,Recommended,256290,10005531,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,ria,"Beautiful art, charming characters and a wonderfully enchanting world. The combat is pretty interesting too. I'm very much enjoying the game. Well worth the price."
76561197989994167,Recommended,256290,10019174,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,idekaf,"Most awesome... Art sytle is phenominal. Ally characters are unique both in visual style and combat functionality. Story is engaging at a fluid pace thanks to expertly interwoven turn-based battles. Its a masterful collage of JRPG combat and western storytelling that deserves a playthrough. Honestly a written synopsis of this game doesn't do it justice, one might justify the purchase on the quality of visuals alone...The somewhat short story might be seen as a deterrent, but it is fully justifiable at a $15 price tag (US). If you make the right decision and purchase this game and also have expierence with turn-based RPG's, I suggest hard mode for a fair challange."
76561198065990871,Recommended,256290,10019649,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,ῼAlyssaῼ,"This game is so beautiful. The gameplay is ""Turnbased"" in a different sense that really makes you more active in the gameplay instead of other games where you can just click and walk away. The story really gets you involved into the game, making you care for the characters. The writing in this is just so BEAUTIFUL through constant talks in rhyme, making it a pleasing thing to read, and is very intelligently written. Quite the gem of a game, best $15 I've ever spent."
76561198064167235,Recommended,256290,10019933,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,NomnomnomZ:๑ﭥ:,"So I basicly just got the moon (first run) and I am playing on hard, While I had already heard normal was a bit too easy(so I am on hard), I am enyoying myself greatly. The art is to die for, The gameplay if you like RPG's is fun and stays fresh. I had the most difficulty on the bosses thus far the dragon boss being the one (so far) I had to restart atleast 3x. *died like 5 times on final boss till I got lucky with stuns haha&Gameplay 8/10Graphics 9/10Music 8/10So I just finished it in around 13 hours 40 mins on hardest great game indeed altho I gotta rerate for story I found it cool but kind of lacking overall.Story 6/10a good solid 8.5 from me overall :3 worth it if you like the art style RPGs and fairytails  <3overall 8 now for me still a good game <_< now to snare a friend for new game + muahahha"
,Recommended,256290,10022137,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,The Mist Devil,"Magic, magestic, enchanting."
,Recommended,256290,10023638,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Carfal,"I had a really good time playing this game, I am writing this little note now that I have cleared it.The only thing I can complain about is that the game overall was too easy and that it felt rushed, you started feeling pretty cool and powerfull after awhile and then.. done, the game is over. :PBit silly but good still!!"
76561198067754086,Recommended,256290,10024322,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Mesima,"The art style is beautiful, the soundtrack is great, and the combat is fun."
76561197966520924,Recommended,256290,10024819,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,ClickBait,"The sound track to this game is just wonderful. The gameplay is awesome, balanced. A game with a story, made of art."
76561198041560358,Recommended,256290,10029167,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Xanthion,"Poetic.  Gorgeous animations.  Flowing graphics.  Turn based combatr style.  This is like a fairy tale told from third person about Aurora, the femal Protaganist.Addictive as well as a puzzle solver.  $14.99?  Dont have coffee this week and go buy it!"
,Recommended,256290,10032606,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Snax,"I really like this game, I think it's worth $15. You probably have played deeper RPGs but the combat system is nice. The story is creative and the characters and world are wonderfully imagined. The watercolor art is even better looking in motion. Child of Light is driven more by art than gameplay, which can be a nice change on occasion, but it also has heart and that's what makes it good."
76561198028543359,Recommended,256290,11354868,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Leife,"A non-Triple A game from Ubisoft? Gave it a shot and did not regret it.Don't let Uplay stop you from getting this game as it contains a great soundtrack, beautiful visuals, and a story that meshes well with them.I would recommend skipping the DLC though. Although I don't own any of them, I found them pretty useless as it doesn't add to the overall game outside of extras."
,Recommended,256290,10026316,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Jarki,Love this game!! The art is just beautiful and the dialog is enticing. The story will  capture you into it's world and bring you elsewhere. Magnificent work !
76561198024950562,Recommended,256290,10027969,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Vrbatim,Beauiful and well thought out at every level.A true pleasure to play.
76561198080781507,Recommended,256290,10028083,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Mr. Blonde,"A gorgeous game, astonishing artwork, fantastic story and we'll written dialogue. Battle system is easy to learn and probably no player will have problem with it, similarly with the skill system. The only thing that some may find heavy is that everything is written in prose."
76561198011076709,Recommended,256290,10034068,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Optional_Boss,"If you enjoy`d the early final fantasy games this is definitely a must, not as fast paced story wise, but the combat tends to be fairly quick if not quicker than those in the FF series leading you back to it's mind taking atmosphere ^_^"
76561197978214676,Recommended,256290,9983205,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Crazyd0ugie,The game is elegant and wonderful too play relaxing combat style is real quick and easy work out loving it
,Recommended,256290,9983680,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,GECK,"It's truly abeautifulpiece.A few words on the aesthetics:The artstyle has a nice oil painting feel to it which is pleasing to the eyes.The soundtrack is really melancholic invoking true empathy for the characters as well as helping the immersion significantly.The dialogue is very poetic and is not afraid to plunge into the olden English which gives the whole story a classical fairytail story feeling to it.A few thoughts on gameplay:While the combat system is the game's main mechanic, I don't believe that it is the true focus of the game.I believe that the game's main focus is exploration and discovery, to explore this new and unfamiliar world, to find hidden nooks and crannies filled with treasure chests and lore.However the game can be played in both ways:If you prefer the RPG elements and combat over exploration lore and discovery, I'd recommend setting the difficulty to HARD so combat plays a more deeper role in the game and you'll need to focus more on gaining levels as you progress.If you prefer to explore this 2D open world, looking for treasure chests, exploring seemingly abandoned houses and whatnot, I'd recommend setting the difficulty to NORMAL for maximum pleasure, this way dealing with the occasional monsters along the way as you continue to explore should be sufficient for you to advance through the game in an enjoyable pace."
,Recommended,256290,10837616,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Chiisaika ちい,"Best game I've played in a while, I adore it!"
76561198016294393,Recommended,256290,9982869,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,ETS05,"TLDR: You're playing a bewitching, poetic, side scrolling, turn-based RPG. A must have.Bought the game after reading a few good reviews here and there, and because the game is very cheap. Although I wasn't too convinced when buying it, after playing the game for a few hours, I must say that it's a must have. The musics are an epic mix of dreamy, hopeful, and sad tunes. The texts are very well written, and very poetic. The gameplay is very solid: it's a mix between a side scrolling exploring/action game, while the fights are turn-based with several party members. The controls are very simple and minimalist, yet very well thought out and powerfulThe only downside would be that it requires uPlay."
76561198143241052,Recommended,256290,34616653,Posted: 30 August,all,hagakure1985,Short but intense 2D RPG adventure. Nice graphics and epic soundtrack! A must have!
,Recommended,256290,34623854,Posted: 30 August,all,Cookiedrone,this game is one of my all time favorites.
76561198165754136,Not Recommended,256290,29856353,Posted: 11 February,all,Skorpener,"Came for the ""beatiful visuals"", tempted to leave because of the unfunny battle system and had to force myself to finish it.Play it only if you can get over the poor attempt at turn-based rpg"
76561198074896831,Recommended,256290,10417966,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Man5ON,"Well, Child Of Light it's an amazin game! Amazing visual style, music, atmophere. I love this game."
,Recommended,256290,28806170,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cartof,This is a very polished turn based platformer puzzle game. Except with the Ubisoft part i like it ! Nice lyrics/rhymes ! Fancy animations !https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5hCiSaUuiM
76561198004519882,Recommended,256290,14227657,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,dadel,"Probably the most cute, kawai game ever. But after a few hours it becomes very repetitive as all combats are the same. By the end of the game I was avoiding combats whenever possible just to get the game over soon."
,Recommended,256290,18354484,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Sapphire,"I love this game , with beautiful picture , and nice music.  The story is also attractive for me. You can involve in it for hours."
76561198079431211,Recommended,256290,18334694,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,TheCrimsonFlare,iz gud game get it
76561198044274956,Not Recommended,256290,35402862,Posted: 1 October,all,VectorKnight,"This game... could be good, for all I know. I've heard some fair things about it.But it's broken.I'm serious. It's one thing that it forces you to use Uplay (I mean, why bother having it on Steam), but whatever. Sometimes, it fails to even load. Literally every conversation I saw was broken. It skipped line after line, the lines never loading at all. Sometimes the game up and crashed. I have validated the game files, reinstalled, and other such methods several times over. Honestly, it's just too broken to actually enjoy the actual gameplay."
76561198039620263,Recommended,256290,10332860,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Tazimus,"Great game.  Combat is very unique (for me at least) and you are rewarded for exploring.  Overall I'd definitely pick it up if you like turn-based RPGs.  That being said let me tell you the 'bads'.  It seemed a bit short, but not too short.  Looking at my hours played I guess it took 18 hours to beat.  The story was good, and character developement was good, but not great.  While there were a few twists, the story overall was a bit generic and predictable.  The crafting system seems fun, but it turns out you don't need them, at least not on the first playthrough.  Finally, the game seems pretty easy.  The only time I had trouble were on boss fights.  I played on normal, but with little to no oculi.  Only my main character had oculi, and she died in the final battle (meaning I had zero oculi when I beat the boss).  Again, I realize I was playing on 'normal', but it wasn't 'normal', it was easy.  When I beat the boss I was like,""Is that it?  No, for real is that it?""  And the ending was a bit lack luster, but satisfying.  Once again, this is a great game, especially considering Ubisoft made it and they pretty much such now.  I recommend this game."
76561198099149575,Not Recommended,256290,30130543,Posted: 23 February,all,Purphuros,runs through uplay
,Not Recommended,256290,11884865,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Darkfoxx,"After playing it for a nice chunk of time I think I have the  requirements to review this game, first of all I would like to say that it is on UPLAY so if you hate them I would suggest not getting this game. Because of UPLAY (or UDONTPLAY as it should be called) it took me nearly 6 hours of tweaking and messing with things and running different compatibility to get this game to work. Every single UPLAY game wants you to open ports on your router (like the 15 previous games, how many ports do they think we have?).This game has a nice art style and a newly reversioned combat system that is turn-based but with a little flare. Unfortunately that is where the good things stop. The story-line is slow and predictable and you seem to back track to the last area you came from and fight new monsters a good bit (I guess they think that makes up for new zones). The amount of fights you do before big bosses doesn't seem to prepare you for how hard the bosses hit. I died lots of times before having to go grind and get my level and skills up to be able to face the boss (what is this, an mmo?). nothing about this game screams smooth I would say."
,Not Recommended,256290,29447597,Posted: 23 January,all,Haijina,I don't know if it's a good game because it requires me to make ANOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING ACCOUNT for ANOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING LAUNCHER
76561198067800477,Not Recommended,256290,11456846,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Gumby,"all i can say is dont get ubishafted folks stay away. the game is fun, but ubishaft only let me play it once. If you dont mind having to put a donut in your gaming chair go ahead otherwise avoid this game and sit with confidence. DEATH TO UBISHAFT REFORM THE GAMING MARKETPLACE"
76561198030824996,Not Recommended,256290,26311834,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,towerwizard,"Having played for 5 hours, I must say that my initial excitement has worn of in a bad way. While I like the idea of the game, and the artstyle, and especially the music (it is really good), I just hate the forced crafting and is allready sick of the combat system. If I could play the game with just the story and a few key fights, and no crafting, then sure I would like this.I would rather play ""super mario brothers"" on Nintendo 8-bit again than play this game. ""Mega man"" is actually a better comparison, because you have some character progression from beating the bosses. That is how this game should have been: a (puzzle) platformer with a non-linear path to victory! Wow, now I want to play some ""Mega man""..."
76561198175497401,Not Recommended,256290,28642489,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Wulvric,"I haven't even had the chance to play this game because Uplay prevent me from playing it. So here you go, a thumb down"
,Not Recommended,256290,24167117,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,iʟoonio,"Ok look, this game is AWSOME but there is just one problem; The game doesn't support windows 10I played this back when I was a console peasant, it was an awsome game that I loved with my whole heart, the combat was awsome so was the music and the story! When I saw it on steam during this summer I instantly grabbed it. After downloading it I was dire to play it only to see it crashing again and again.After 3 HOURS of fiddling around I went to the forums where I find out that it doesn't support WINDOWS 10.Now according to steam you may not refunds a steam game if you have 2 hours of ´´playtime´´ or if you have owned it for 2 weeks. Because I already had 3 hours I knew my chances of refund were slim but I left steam support a message anyways explaining the situation, I don't even know why I bothered since the system is automated and they would never reply to anything... Or so it feels like."
76561198141178405,Not Recommended,256290,12395765,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,[DayzPD]Shiro the Hero,it wont let me enter the god damn uplay code to play it! it just says the codes invalid!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,256290,10195544,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Warin,"If you buy this game for coop, you're going to be very dissapointed. Read the co-optimus review. Was just getting hyped on the game when I realized the 2nd player is just a glorified right thumbstick..............T_T"
,Not Recommended,256290,10816213,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ezio,This game is unplayable.It keeps going to a white screen every few minutes and I have to kill the game.Don’t waste your money like I did.Cannot recommend because I can’t play it.
,Recommended,256290,9984984,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Ch1kn L1ckn,"An amazingly well done game from what I have seen so far. Beautiful artwork coupled alongside a powerful, emotional story with a splash of humor. Highly recommend picking this one up!"
,Not Recommended,256290,33890209,Posted: 29 July,all,Razomir,"At first this game seemed like it was right up my alley. But perhaps that was my mistake because I expected more. A LOT more. The game tries to be a story-driven stylized gem but fails in pretty much every aspect. The graphics are in fact in a unique style but that style looks lazy and very soon the marionette physics get tiresome. The combat is both simplistic and shallow - it is not so much turn based as cooldown based. To be fair the Igniculus assistance has some clever uses but I feel like so much more could have been done with it. The story is generic - [spoilers]young princess unites quarreling tribes, beats the evil queen and retakes her rightful crown[/spoilers]. Unskippable cutscenes are inexcusable. Worst still is the attempt to make all dialogue rhyme, often resulting in nonsensical chatter - perfect example of a great idea executed horribly wrong.It just leaves you unsatisfied. Like a great looknig meal which turns out to have no seasoning so it tastes bland. I DO strongly recommend it if you are 7 and want to waste some time, but in general it is just a bedtime story, and not a very good one at that."
,Not Recommended,256290,16289575,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Jukerlaw,"I dunno what to say, the gameplay is weak."
,Not Recommended,256290,26556117,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,♿ Sven ♿,kinda boring
,Recommended,256290,9988449,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Labyrinth,Cried before even starting the game XD its a must buy for rpg fans
,Not Recommended,256290,32100358,Posted: 31 May,all,Cochino Larry,"Can't play. All I get is a blank white screen. Tried everything Ubisoft said, still doesn't work. Effin' hate Uplay."
,Not Recommended,256290,28696459,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Z o,"The art style in this game is fantastic - the color choices and character designs are top notch.Regrettably, I have to say the game is poorly written. The overall story might be good, but I'll never know: the forced rhyme-speech of every character in this game (at least, the handful that I encountered in the prologue + first hour of play) is simply unbearable.  That is to say, every character in this game speaks in rhymes (not riddles or anything, just rhymes).  It would be slightly amusing if executed well, but unfortunately the dialogue between characters is butchered to an unreal degree all for the sake of the pointless rhyming.  Seriously, the ""poet"" behind this game should stick to handing in assignments to his or her third grade teacher.But if you don't care about characters breaking versimilitude by occasionally slipping into Yoda-sentence-structure to piece together yet another forced rhyme with a thesaurus-sourced vocab choice, you might like this game.One thing that you might want to know before buying this game (I didn't realize it) is that combat isn't executed in the manner traditional to side scrollers: unlike Trine, Dust, or Bastion, combat in this game plays out like a JRPG.  Like in Chrono Trigger you can approach an enemy, then the game will cut-scene into a small arena where you play the battle out in a turn-based manner.This isn't necessarily a detractor from the game if you enjoy that kind of combat, but I have to admit I was a little disappointed since I happen to prefer side scrolling battle (jumping around, aiming, choosing correct weapons, etc.) over the JRPG style (conserving your mana until you need it, spending a turn to use a potion when necessary, etc.).I hope you found this review useful."
,Recommended,256290,16322297,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Nonsensicole,"I'm not usually a fan of RPG games, but Child Of Light surprised me. Beautiful game with a lovely storyline. Made dealing with UPlay worth it."
76561198272034844,Recommended,256290,31108397,Posted: 12 April,all,DatGayAsianBoi,"The Arby's brand purpose is Inspiring Smiles Through Delicious Experiences™. Arby's delivers on its purpose by celebrating the art of Meatcraft™ with a variety of high-quality proteins and innovative, crave-able sides, such as Curly Fries and Jamocha shakes. Arby's Fast Crafted™ restaurant services feature a unique blend of quick-serve speed combined with the quality and made-for-you care of fast casual. Arby's Restaurant Group, Inc. is the franchisor of the Arby's Brand and is headquartered in Atlanta, Ga."
76561198041862889,Not Recommended,256290,22868740,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,vulmen.matrias,"UPlay is a pile of crap. Right fresh after installing the game + the UPlay software, the UPlay updater moves off existing executables/etc to "".old"" and brings in newer updates. It must goof something up bad, because every time it's thrown errors about entry points being off in .dll files or inability to find/run its 64 bit .exe files.Stay away from this game. Stay away from UPlay."
76561198031070373,Not Recommended,256290,22037109,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,imakepretty,"To play any Ubisoft game, you need to install Uplay too; you can't simply play through Steam. Uplay is complete garbage. It adds nothing but a giant obstacle to playing your game. You have to maintain a separate login, if their network is down (which is often) you can't play their game, their software is highly demanding on your hardware and network (casuing connection issues), and it's just completely full of bugs. There is no way to bypass Uplay, and it will keep you from playing Ubisoft games more often than not, in my experience. I will not buy another Ubisoft game until they scrap Uplay as a requirement, and I encourage you to do the same. It's just not worth the hours of headaches just to play a game."
76561198108652444,Recommended,256290,10467344,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Crimsonfox121,"This game is so origonal and wonderful all at once I love it! The whole thing is hand painted and might be the best game I have ever played, even if it was a bit bitter sweet."
76561198060032965,Recommended,256290,10007988,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Ravensong,"this game is a work of art. Plain and simple. It's music, story, and environment are beautiful. The combat is Grandia 2 style, which is great since that is probably the best JRPG combat system imo.this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome"
76561198014910218,Recommended,256290,10020832,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,RussianHobo,Beautiful game with an adorable story line.
,Recommended,256290,10026532,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Napalom,the one you won't regret. who need pros or cons if this game is already perfect :Dsupport the dev for more!!!
,Recommended,256290,10039168,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Y2 Was Here,Beautiful and fantastic turn-based RPG. All the dialogue rhymes. The artwork is fantastic!
76561198072524010,Recommended,256290,10013088,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,eli.rubenstein,"This game is a slam dunk. It's a hat trick. Its a masterpiece. Ubisoft has really shown me their potential as a company outside of big titles like Assasin's Creed or Splintercell. The graphics are absoulutely beatiful, the gameplay is addicting and intuitive. Hours of fun, and most definetly worth the 15 bucks."
,Recommended,256290,10015083,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,mnk,Simply beautiful!
76561198032025337,Recommended,256290,10025457,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,ZombieWater,Quickly becoming my most favorite game!  I would reccommend this game to anyone young or old.  It combines so many elements and genres.  Definitely check this one out
76561198025065402,Recommended,256290,10004993,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,The Duke,"For real, though, it's fifteen dollars. Play this damn game."
,Recommended,256290,9983295,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Kyamerotto,A True Masterpiece
,Recommended,256290,10013030,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Godot,This game's visual and audio design are so tops I would probably have finished it even if its gameplay had amounted to counting grains of sand.
,Recommended,256290,10027584,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,S0pa,(y)
,Recommended,256290,10021261,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Arji,Yes. Very much liked the graphics and music. Rather short which is sad. But nevertheless a beautiful game.
,Recommended,256290,10024717,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,kanamin,"UGH it's so good, and usually I'd say I HATE RPGs. Haven't enjoyed an RPG like this since Pokemon."
76561197963606754,Recommended,256290,10031901,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Ranger Shaun,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICRvHgxW-wM&list=PLZ8Yt_u_7V_lJnjo5OrdeLrMF7TmMNiabChild, go tuck yourself in bed with a controller, and let this game tell you a story.I had my concerns about this game when i first saw it on Steam.The idea of flying around in a fantasy land with mixed RPG elements as turn based based combat seemed odd to me.After 1 hour into the game i left my ignorance behind me and delved deeper into the awesome story of Child of Light.You owe yourself to give this game a chance, as it surely will capture your heart as it has mine!"
76561198129244779,Recommended,256290,9984793,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,TheLonelyHunter,"Absolutely BEAUTIIFUL.It is Definitely worth the buy,this game offers an amazing story, gorgeous visuals, and an outstanding soundtrack.so far, one of my favorite games this year, a must buy.watch me play if you want!:)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivSCBF-nmEo"
76561198053158476,Recommended,256290,10039323,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,nathanskym,"Really good game, only about half way through.. I think.Only complaint is sometimes her hair disappears and she has a red fuzzy head and no enemy health bars...8.5/10 though!"
76561198087945582,Recommended,256290,10015089,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,TomatoHotel,Without a doubt an experience to remember; one that will never leave you. For the first time since I can remember in my enitre life...I've fallen truly in love with a wonderful masterwork.
,Recommended,256290,10021798,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,[NL] Wonka,Wow! A beautiful and well crafted game! Probably one of the best and most beautifull side-scrolling games ever!
,Recommended,256290,10269915,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,TheGameTutor,Child of Light is..... ok...... A pretty fun game and something I can imagien fans of the genre will like but I found it a little bit lacking. Check out my review below.http://dai.ly/x1yqdxz
,Not Recommended,256290,29096357,Posted: 7 January,all,SigmaX,"Too slow.The game is beautiful, but the game play is dragging. If you like turn based combat it might be for you though. It does have interesting mechanics. I just couldn't grind through it. If the game wasn't 10 hours long I might have stuck with it, but I knew I couldn't stick with it that long."
76561198010641857,Recommended,256290,18963244,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Ivan Moreira,"a good rpg, with a nice pretty bed time light-conquer-dark story. really nice graphics and visuals, good sound effects and music. combat can get tiresome sometimes, but I had fun from beggining to end.great flaw of it: uplay. blergh. it lost one of my save files and I had to restart.otherwise, worth every penny spent."
,Not Recommended,256290,34106592,Posted: 8 August,all,Mr. Matt,"I find that there's a fine line to walk when it comes to a setting and story being airy and whimsical. Child of Light's dialog/story are presented as poetry, and it came off to me as very dismissive of anything being all that important. The game doesn't appear to be made for small children, but the dialog sounds to me like a bedtime story an adult would read to a small child in a soft tone, completely devoid of substance or sincerity; just trying to get the little rugrat to fall asleep rather than to actually entertain.The music is charming, and the art style is rather pretty, which I feel are the game's biggest positives. The combat is alright, though it's clearly at a level of difficulty higher than what a small child could handle, so this further evidences that the story was meant for more mature people capable of winning its battles.Unfortunately, the whimsy of its story completely obliterated all sense of urgency or interest I had in the game. With the gameplay not being terribly entertaining for me, despite the fact that I like turn-based RPG combat just fine, I needed characters and story that would keep me interested and wanting to go on. I certainly don't demand really mature themes or grittiness or anything of that sort, and find some whimsy fun. However, everything feltsoinconsequential and airy to me in Child of Light that I could not feel even the least bit compelled to continue, despite paying for it at launch and sinking 10+ hours into it. I honestly don't know how I got the will to play that long."
76561198216709115,Not Recommended,256290,29975587,Posted: 16 February,all,The Leemur,"The turn-based battle is fun, that's it. I got kinda bored of it."
,Not Recommended,256290,34727071,Posted: 3 September,all,z0mb1e,Requires additional login.  The reason I buy games through Steam is so I don't have to have a program open for every publisher.
,Recommended,256290,10215155,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,✪ Malicorz nanana,Get UPlay Point GAME ☺☺
,Recommended,256290,16983444,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,report ancient for feed,"After just having finishedChild of Light, I think I can safely say that this is now one of my all-time favorite games. At a glance, you can already tell that the game looks absolutely beautiful and sports a soundtrack to match, while making sure that neither element compromises the substance of gameplay. The utilization of a timeline of events rather than a traditional turn-based combat system makes sure the game stays interesting well past the end of the story, which is rather well-paced without overstaying its welcome or forcing you to backtrack.In terms of downsides, this game does not officially support laptop graphics cards, so if you're not sure how the game will perform I would recommend playing the demo before purchasing. Uplay is a major downside according to most people, but I have personally never had a problem with the service. Another common complaint is that the rhyming script feels forced at times, a statement which I am forced to agree with (but I must note that it rarely affected my enjoyment of the game).There isn't much to hate in this game; overall, it's very solid and enjoyable. If you're evenremotelyinterested in turn-based RPGs, I very strongly recommend this game for you."
76561198098428746,Recommended,256290,26081799,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Demacia,"0/10can not make Austria great againjust joking,it's a great game.10/10"
76561198107779127,Recommended,256290,34670196,Posted: 1 September,all,toammar2006,very good Games.........
76561198032415463,Recommended,256290,10436651,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Kokoriki,"I really enjoyed this game,All the dialog and every fight.Though I'm sorry it endedFor I loved ""Child of Light"""
,Recommended,256290,9999018,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,not ellen page,Beautiful and lots of fun. Don't let the metascore scare you away from this gem.
76561198152663534,Recommended,256290,18357249,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Nadevan,It's Just... Good.
,Recommended,256290,9988180,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,J0k3,"Only played it for an hour so far, but its AMAZING!"
,Not Recommended,256290,32319123,Posted: 10 June,all,Happy Moose,Must not tolerate requirement of Uplay to play the game.I bought the game itself and I do not want to register on another service.Couldn't get it work without Uplay.The game may be good but unfortunately unplayable.
,Not Recommended,256290,31536813,Posted: 3 May,all,Tannhäuser,"At it's core, I really love Child of Light. The gameplay is interesting, everything is very pretty and aesthetically pleasing, and the story is fairly well done. However, a few awful missteps made me immediately drop the game with zero motivation to ever finish it.My major issue with the game is a spoiler, so if you wish to play through the game unspoiled, I will just say this: Story is important, but not when you absolutely punish and cripple the player for no reason if they make certain choices.Here is my complaint put more specifically:Some time into the game you gain access to the protagonist's sister, Norah. She is my absolute favorite character in the game, and I quickly made her the 'Leader' of my team, running her in every battle and pouring all of my resources into making her as strong as possible.It occurred to me that there might be a mod or some setting that allowed you to change your in-game character to one of your party members, so I did a quick google search to see if it that was possible. What I discovered is that further into the game, Norah betrays your party, becoming unplayable for the rest of the game. While this was not only very disappointing from a story perspective, as I really liked her character, it wascompletely unacceptablefrom a gameplay standpoint. I had poured almost all of my resources into her first, running her in every battle, making her the strongest (and highest leveled) member of my team and only using the leftovers on the others. I was playing on the highest difficulty, and I was doing extremely well. When she leaves your team? You loseeverythingyou put into her. There is no compensation. No way to get her or your resources back. Just ""Woops, guess you shouldn't have leveled/geared that character huh?""At that point I dropped the game. In my mind that was an incredibly stupid move on the developer's part, to suprise you by removing one of your characters with no warning, causing you to lose all of the resources spent on them. I doubt I would've been able to complete the game with the rest of my team as they were. You may say ""You shouldn't put all your eggs in one basket"", but there was no reason for me to believe that the player would be subject to such an underhanded move, and nor should there have been. It's just bad game design."
,Not Recommended,256290,12116056,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,nutcrackr,"Child of Light is a basic 2D adventure through the fantasy land of Lemuria. The princess, Aurora, has died and her papa has lost hope, but with the help of unusual friends there is no time to mope. Aurora battles darkness with friends anew, hoping to see this spiritual adventure through. Magicians, jesters and warriors unite to give the princess one last chance. With each battle won, Aurora makes her advance.The attractive world of Lemura is rendered with Ubi-Art Framework, but the lack of noteworthy gameplay starts to hurt. Aurora walks or flies across colorful landscapes, stumbling upon treasures and wishes.  Wishes ignite your friendly orb of light and treasures prevent you sleeping with the fishes. The orb stuns foes left and right, but minimal exploration makes the adventure slight.As you collide with foes, you are thrust into a contrived battle pose. Battles have your friends taking turns to eliminate foes counting three. But the nature of the combat propels enjoyment far out to sea. You jostle to deal elemental damage to susceptible foes, yet constant interrupts keep you on your toes. Once you become a master tactician, bosses turn interrupts into a war of attrition. Some bosses succumb after half an hour, making boss battles repetitive and sour. Combat is tolerable at best - how much you can endure is the true test.Just as the world lacks excitement, the un-voiced dialogue becomes an indictment. Exactly as this review is written before you, the authors were smitten with rhyming too. Some might think it funny or clever, but it becomes like persistent bad weather. If instead you find this readable, then you’ll likely find the narrative tolerable. Know that there is little that proves enlightening, even as you battle forces most frightening.If Lemuria is the land we are sent to after death, try to avoid the reaper long after your last breath. If you insist on buying Child of Light to get your arty platforming hit, don’t complain when you discover it’s quite sh…"
76561198249560312,Not Recommended,256290,25296065,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Semper_ubi_sub_ubi,"Pros:-Stunning artwork-Beautiful Soundtrack (Features Cœur de pirate)Cons:-The game tries too hard to make all of the dialogue rhyme; after a while it gets quite annoying-Boss fights are forgettable-Battle system is simple and gets boring and repetitiveI was really looking forward to this game, but got tired of playing it after a few hours. I was greatly disappointed. Thankfully, I bought it when it was on sale."
,Recommended,256290,9978864,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,zaoeyo,"I have experienced 3 hours . really nice art ,animation and music ,it worth the money . but there is not a clear main plot ,the character just flying around the world ,find monster and mission to kill ,which really make me bored. Also the combat system is confusing me ,because it is a turn-based combat ,and combine with some real time stratagy ,which in the combat ,you can use firefly to slow down enemies time . In the start of the game , really flattered me , but the game camera is following me really fast ,makes bad experience ,I think the game camera system is designed for flying character ,not walking one ."
76561198075000785,Not Recommended,256290,26393981,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,no point,Most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game. No balance whatsoever. The only good thing about it is the art and that is overestimated. Grinded like an idiot for the whole game by killing everything in sight just so the last boss can play a one sided fight without me being able to hit.The crafting is♥♥♥♥♥♥waste of time. There is absolutely no point to it.The grinding is the most boring thing in gaming history and takes up 90% of the game time.The story is boring generic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.All the DLC is just a pay to win mechanic for some reason.What the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with all the people giving positive reviews ? Like seriously there is not even one good side of this game.Oh and one last thing - ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥uplay! Why the ♥♥♥♥ should I be forced to create a uplay account and log in uplay just so I can play a♥♥♥♥♥♥2D game ?
76561198009870150,Not Recommended,256290,31384250,Posted: 26 April,all,hermesra,Gee... I bought a game and now I have to create another account and log in... WTF over... SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO essentially I can't play game that I BOUGHT because of rediculus information grabbing.... I am on STEAM to preventt this♥♥♥♥♥♥... except for steam... CAN I HAVE MY MONEY BACK?
76561198032046645,Recommended,256290,10019389,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,AkanuWolf,"This game has a lot of concepts that I have not seen in other games. It is dirt cheep for what it you get if you like turn based, side scroller, puzzle games. It also has a great story, every much fallows the concepts of fairy tales. So ye get it. :D"
76561198008064577,Recommended,256290,9995228,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,ButterBread,Holy Yes.
,Recommended,256290,10021544,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Draco Season,They literally speak poetry.Oh and there's a Navi thingy11/10 pls buy
76561198031236278,Recommended,256290,10023887,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Biscuitdoughhandsman,It's real purty.
,Recommended,256290,9985593,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,virgoprince,This game is awesome
76561198160709674,Recommended,256290,26004054,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Crystdumb,10/10 Best game
76561198091116469,Not Recommended,256290,32743812,Posted: 24 June,all,Radegarth,Need to download extra apps and and on the mobile too just to launch the game...No thanks
,Not Recommended,256290,11845507,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Lockloe,worst platformer I ever played
76561197981721538,Not Recommended,256290,10224746,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Gunter,game does not even work.  will not run at all.  steam won't give me a refund.  don't buy.
,Not Recommended,256290,10858367,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[FTA]Orillian,For all the awesome that this game looks like it could be...don't buy it. Well don't buy it if you don't want to have to install UPlay and create an account with Ubisoft to play a F@#$ing single player game.Steam: Put a big notice on this games store page letting people know it can't just be played like it should.
,Not Recommended,256290,29864661,Posted: 11 February,all,TheAwesomeWitch,"I've been wanting to play this game forever and now that I finally have it, it tells me I need a uplay account. I tried to make one and it tells me account creation unavailable.  I honestly hadn't heard of uplay before this and I already despise it! Atleast I got this on sale and didn't have to pay the full price for a game I can't even play."
76561197984240645,Recommended,256290,14008273,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Aquanaut,Piece of art. Gorgeous in every single aspect of the game. Many thanks Ubiart.
,Not Recommended,256290,22769181,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Pineracer,"Didn't like it needed Uplay to play and its not an easy game, even in normel mode; just want it out of my Steam Libery before Parkitect launches"
76561197968133716,Recommended,256290,13035016,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Bodes,"This game could be considered co-op in one sense, but the person using the mouse will get bored quickly.  Bring on death match!"
,Recommended,256290,9979027,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,hyddendark,"Child of Light first impressions: Braid meets Final Fantasy. Cool art style, fun puzzles, beautiful music. Getting the ability to fly within the first 15 minutes is liberating, makes exploring a lot of fun. The kind of game I'd like to play on a Steambox sometime (with controller and screen far away, rather than keyboard/mouse and close to screen)."
76561198002561854,Recommended,256290,10016764,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Xx_Asian♀With♂Big♥Penis_xX,"The game is puurty, but after a while its the same old repetitive stuff. However, for 14.99 this indi game is worth buying for your kids."
76561198038707903,Recommended,256290,9978005,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,koopy89,it's time for some bedtime stories
,Not Recommended,256290,10008134,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Jordan Balquin,FnCCKKKK the game wont run because UPLAY error says game has unrecoverable error! I want my money back..
,Recommended,256290,10042408,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Lungkisser,"Time to Beat: 10 hoursLove:+ Watercolor graphics+ Beautiful, transitioning music+ Classic Grandia-style battle system+ Skill tree+ New Game+Dislike:- Uplay / lack of Steam features- Normal difficulty is too easy- Ending sneaks up on youSome things, like the oculi system and the rhyming style, I don't really have a strong opinion about either way after one run. My biggest gripe is that the final boss battle is given very little presentation/setup compared to the game's other boss battles.Regardless, there were more quests to be completed and items to be found so those looking to 100% the game could probably get around 15 hours out of this $15 game. New Game+ adds replayability as well. Loved this feature Chrono Trigger and love it in modern games today."
76561198118700011,Not Recommended,256290,13249059,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Stamination,I am very upset I bought this game earlier today and it just goes on sale? wtf. I work hard for my money steam.
,Recommended,256290,9985823,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Anime Avatars Get Blocked,"A heartfelt, lovable, sweet game. Not grindy JRPG-styled gameplay with a little twist or two, although enjoyable, but not a very complex one. Fantastic visuals and music."
76561197977053433,Not Recommended,256290,32354606,Posted: 11 June,all,Dragol,"SPOILER-FREEI rarely hate the games for it's story. But this is rare example that were driven me mad ONLY because of it's terrible plot.Damn I hate it so much, it's beyond annoying and cliche. And I was hoping that maybe, just maybe it turns all this mystics that happens around to anything good. But no, right after it SHOCKING PLOTTWIST I understood that I can't bare it and I need to take a break from it. Again.I mean that damn plot-twist. Every plottwists of this game doesn't have sense and was never prepared by previous events of story. Then something happens that must shock - but you only left with a question to that characters - Who the hell are you?!And yes, that plot-twist took away character that I grinded the most and had the most useful skills for battles. Now I left with another blowing flute scene that saves the day and hollowness into my soul.And main character, Aurora. Tell me Aurora, why are you even here, and why are you main character? I don't understand your goals, your backstory, your personality. I don't understand this character. And that rhyming doesn't help at all.All this rhymes doesn't allow these 2d-dimentional characters to be more like real characters.I hate everything about writing in this game.I like battles, graphics, music and emptyness of the world.But I just can't stand this damn story. Sorry."
76561197970534041,Not Recommended,256290,9993804,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Aether,"So i was irrationally excited about this game. Positive reviews from trusted sites, strong female lead, RPG elements, retro stylings with modern graphics. super cool.I can't play. the UPLay thing won't let me past, and there doesn't seem to be a way around it."
,Not Recommended,256290,22770033,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Energonchi,Thsi game is absolute garbage!Come from behind action!Indisputably current world champions wouldnt even pick up this hand crafted piece!No lucrative mind would play this stupid entry!It has so many endorsements of boring gameplay!It centers sponsorship of master degree trash!The charity of it is worthless!It serves out of placedNOT RECOMMENDED
,Not Recommended,256290,30831583,Posted: 30 March,all,Tzupy,Freezes my PC when I quit the game.
,Recommended,256290,23970230,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Bill Cosby Floppity,"have not put many hours in to it but the game is amazingpros-----> awesome art style> music is soft but really nice> fighting enemies is awesome but at the same time traditonal rpg fighting> cute charicter designcons-----> so far none, execpt i heard its short but for 14 bucks ehhh seems okay>And stupid uplaybut anyways past uplay bs its a great single player experence and i have put 2 hours in on xbox one but replaying it on pc and i have to say its a amazing game!"
,Not Recommended,256290,10079622,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,[Ernie] moondog,Foolishly purchased this game without seeing that it required uplay. Really wish Steam's refund policy was different than it was.
,Not Recommended,256290,34621127,Posted: 30 August,all,Kira Croft,"The art, animation and soundtrack are perfect.So why I do  NOT recommend?Well, I bought thinking it would be an unforgettable experience because the art is so great. But it's just it, the gameplay is very boring. I'm totally disappointed, every time I start to play, I can't keep playing for more than 10 minutes. I feel annoyed, the entire game seems to be in stop motion, the girl walks soooo slowly and the battle take sooo long to you do any action.I didn't like the battle at all. I mean, it's so boring, and the girl is so weak. There are a lot of enemies that you can't challenge, because , for sure, you gonna die. So, they give you a light that you can put in front of the enemy's face and they can't see you, so you can pass through them without fighting. SO what's the point of the game? Yeah... I didn't get it. You stay stuck in the scenery trying to find something interesting, and just find some ""puzzles"", that are really easy, I don't even know if that should be called puzzle.So, if you wanna buy this game, I strongly recommend you to test before... I would like have tested before buying... :/AH, and the sound of the ghost is SO ANNOYNG! OH MY GOSH..."
76561197993260438,Not Recommended,256290,28141239,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Sloth Loves Chunk,"3rd Party DRM required, uplay.♥♥♥♥ UBISOFT"
,Recommended,256290,10301165,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Geronimo,"Child of Light brings a great spin to a very old but enjoyable gaming style. The game immerses you into a beautiful landscape painted in gorgeous water colors. The battle system is comparable to the old and new Final Fantasy games. There are numerous side quests which catch your attention and you're sucked into a very seemingly childish yet interesting story. The narrative is great as well, oddly enough it all rhymes and I actually enjoy it. I'm not the biggest fan of Ubisoft mainly because I rather just launch my games through Steam than Ubisoft as well but it tolerable, specially for this game.Summary: If you're looking for a beautiful game, with old style Final Fantasy game play and story I highly suggest this, I'm not far into it and still when I need to relax and want a solid story I hit play on this."
,Not Recommended,256290,10023327,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Breizh Atao,"I would recommend it, and not recommend it.So yeah, it's beautiful, not expensive...but OMFG it's boring. It's easy as f*ck.Reading a book will be more pationnating than this.I'm not saying the game has to be hardcore, but even if the story is poetic and stuff, the only reaction you will have when you will start a fight is ""Oh no, a fight..."".You are a RPG fan ? You will probably fall asleep.You like La Fontaine and other fable/poetic stuff ? Go read a book.Pro :- beautiful- storyCon :- really really easy (even in the hardest difficulty)- map is♥♥♥♥♥♥- only 2 characters on the battlefild, you have to switch all the time if you want to play ""like a real RPG"", but fight are boring, you kill everyone with Aurora.- gameplay (the blue thing will heal you, open trunks for you, stop traps.....make an easy game more easy)I don't really care but still:- No voices during dialog- Uplay."
,Not Recommended,256290,32542491,Posted: 18 June,all,DrBeckett,"The price of the game went up by half it's previous price in Mexico. And now it's one of the the most expensive places to buy the game, which is just plain ridiculous as the economy of Mexico hasn't really improved."
76561198045621616,Not Recommended,256290,23833540,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Antieverything,I'm never buying another Ubisoft product...the amount of DRM hoops you have to jump through initially is unbelievable (I get the impression they want the PC platform to die because this is how you kill a platform). Oh...and then the game crashed at startup so I haven't even got to the menu yet. How do I get a refund?
76561197977267103,Recommended,256290,24870899,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Conspiracy Theory,"Lol. This game runs better than No Mans Sky.Meh, I was just looking around. Saw the No Mans Sky Total FAIL, and a multi-multi-million dollar game (that took many years to develop) and that runs worse than this title.At least this game did not Permaban me for suggesting another month would improve NMS (where No Mans Sky permabanned me for saying that about ir [Even though the DESTRUCTIVE REVIEWS PROVE ME COMPLETELY RIGHT YET AGAIN]).Damn Chimps.No disapointments with Child of Light."
76561198054755564,Not Recommended,256290,30482263,Posted: 12 March,all,Veestormcourage,"Uplay sucks.  Why the hell should I have to verify through Ubisoft for a game already verified through Steam?  But oh, they'll send a recovery password!  But only if I can remember what email address I used five years ago when I played Assassin's Creed!  And if you try to use the wrong address too many times, it'll block you out no matter what address you try, or what interface you use to attempt to log in.  But hey, I can create a new account, and forget ever accessing my old games again, and then I can forget *that* login too in another five years when I make the mistake of purchasing something from Ubisoft, heaven forbid!I paid actual money for this.  But I guess I can't recommend it, because I can't even get into it to play."
,Not Recommended,256290,10067354,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,A Dabber Cadaver,Don't buy. Might be a decent game but you can't play it without first installing uplay and creating an account. Uplay runs on windows start and requires a constant internet connection. Even creating an account is irritating with the tiny character limit they give you for user name and password. I don't understand why they can't just let steam take care of DRM and acheivements. I want a refund.
,Not Recommended,256290,28971647,Posted: 3 January,all,whoozle,uplay. nuff said.
76561198156416232,Not Recommended,256290,26135677,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Vocaloid43,This game was very slow and took a very long time for the story to developpe. Sadly the game play itself was very difficult and challenging for seemingly simple tasks. No help or instructions were given other then jumping and moving. I would sugest save your money on this one.
76561198129817631,Not Recommended,256290,34118611,Posted: 8 August,all,CoffeeNotFound,"The only way to discribe this game is... crap... The art style is not consistant, changing from mode to mode as if all of the components were out sourced. The free roaming aspect is a joke as all enemy besides bosses can be avoided by using your orb of light (and flight, which you get really early in game) but when you get to a boss you would be under powered and have to grind to progress. The combat is cluncky and slow, bosses have stupidly large health bars even on easy (that you can't see) with stupid counter attack that punishes you for managing to interupt their attack. There is a story, not a good one but it is there. Worst of all, it makes you download Uplay to launch it."
76561198040377992,Not Recommended,256290,10034779,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,tfay1043,I don't like that I have to go through a community site to play a game I purchased..it should be available as a single palyer game without this..I can't even get in to play the game!!
76561198028260395,Not Recommended,256290,9983292,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,gospo,You will need an Uplay account . The Key not working !!!
76561198124014808,Recommended,256290,31738464,Posted: 13 May,all,Yue,"I heard that that this game is good, if you can get pass that Uplay thingy that ask you for another account for extra DRM check.Me? nah I didn't bother cause there are many other games to play and I don't have time for that♥♥♥♥♥♥But believe me this game is really good, or so I heard.Guess I'll never find out if it's really that good."
,Recommended,256290,31598038,Posted: 7 May,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
76561198183666030,Not Recommended,256290,26081848,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,chrisdabomb63,The game simply doesnt work for me.At first i thought that it was a problem with my old computer which was frankly terrible(ran league lowest settings at 7 fps) the problem was that no text would show properly and all graphics would be choppy and ruined but even after getting a new computer the same thing still happens.
,Not Recommended,256290,25611576,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,hoserama99,"Review written after 2 hours of play. Doubt I'll finish this one.First, the bad: it uses Uplay which means that Steam family sharing for this won't work. My wife won't be able to play this at all unless she buys a copy. That's annoying because I didn't care for the game, but she found it interesting. In that regard, it was a bit of a waste of money.I really liked the art style - it's very well presented. The game is told in a series of rhymes, which are a little less well presented. Some of the rhymes are clumsy and forced. Many of them are forced to the extend that there are nowhere near the same amount of syllables on the rhyming lines - the rhythm and flow of the poetry is way off. It grated on me, but ""A for effort"" I guess. Putting that aside, the story (so far) seems interesting: something about 19th century Austria and a girl named Aurora who may (or may not) be dead. I suppose I'd have to finish the game to know what's actually going on.But I won't be finishing because the main mechanic here is JRPG-style turn-based combat, which I loathe. I've wasted hours of my early gaming years on this, and I can think of no worse way to waste my gaming hours than repeatedly and slowly choosing what action I want to do for N characters on every battle turn. This is not for me. If it's for you, you'll probably have a great time.So given that I hate the central gameplay mechanic, am annoyed with Uplay killing family sharing, and twitch my eye at the neat-but-flawed rhyming twist: not recommended.All of these things are somewhat me-specific so if you don't mind them, I imagine you'll have a much more enjoyable time."
,Not Recommended,256290,13193265,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,benmurphy3000,"I bought it because art, but it's a puzzle platformer. I hate puzzle platformers."
,Not Recommended,256290,9986002,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,snowfire,"Boring gameplay - same battles, same monsters, same diablo-like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic level upping, not all conversations have voices (at least in russian version), it is expensive game but not worth it. Those hairs and girl 3d models are good but i saw all this before in one windows/linux 2d platformer - nothing special. Music don't have diversity - only 1 track (or all tracks just sounds same) and only piano will get you ever more boored. That permanent flying feature should be episodic and let you just sometimes see beautiful backgrounds, but skies has a limit, background isnt that good (only nearest trees are moving, and it destroyed all feel). My GPU with 3 coolers went over 90 degrees for a 2d-like platformer...Usually i dont buy ubisoft games for their sameness and bad graphics. I bought this one cause of music and atmosphere. But i was wrong. This game have only good marketing. Btw, story is badly written."
76561198093233711,Recommended,256290,19179698,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,RollingTheChaos,One of the best game I have ever played in my whole life.
,Recommended,256290,19184349,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,hot_soop,Absolutely fantastic.
,Recommended,256290,19150531,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Tigeress,"This game is very beautiful. Totally worth it, if you are interested in the art. The game itself is repeditive and the combat style doen't appeal to me. I would still reccomend this game because the game play has inspired me to create art and music and it kills time."
76561198038216187,Recommended,256290,19170484,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Kyubey,"This is such a beautiful game! I truly enjoyed playing it! I loved everything in this game from the art style, puzzle mechanics, themes, music, and the story. It felt as if I were playing the main protagonist in a fairy tale, which I'm sure was the intention. I reccommed this game to players who love a good story and love adventure styled games."
,Recommended,256290,18870710,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,jjozsa,Stunning visuals and a pretty sweet/original story - a cool spin on the side-scroller/RPG genre.
,Recommended,256290,18787800,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,(ルビー)Ruby,- Great Story- Great Artwork- Nice Characters- Nice gameplay(I didnt get a problem with Uplay BTW)
76561198063897353,Recommended,256290,18870866,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,O'Gandalf,"Played and loved it.The game is visually beautiful and definitely is one of a kind what it comes to storytelling since it uses rhitnm and poetry. The story is simple and lineal but deep. Soundtrack amazing. If you enjoy RPG turn-based games, you'll like it. The game hooks you.Pros:-Story. Absorving.-Habitity trees. There are plenty, allowing even to replay the game choosing different ramifications.-Soundtrack-Combat system,-Visually atractive.Cons:-It might get too repetitive.-Some of the characters are, if not useless, at least not indispensables, meaning that you can end up the game without even using them once.-It needs uPlay.I totally recommend this game. It may not be the best RPG turn-based game ever, but it's absorving and above all, fun to play. If you see it on sale, don't hesitate. Buy it."
,Recommended,256290,18870893,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,DreamStar,"Gorgeous game with a sweet story told fully in poetry ryhmes.The game looks like a storybook come to life, which is appropriate for the story being told. My only complaint graphically is that the main character Aurora look more like a 3d model than the rest of the cast and enemies, which looks more 2d... so she often seems out of place sometimes.The music is simple and sweet, but can be repetitive.The gameplay like a mash up of a bunch of different style old school RPGS, giving you turn-based action choices along with the real-time battle action bar to stir things up. You can swap out characters mid battle to utilize everyone's unique skills and each caharacter can be customized to an extent by choosing which path to follow when leveling up on the character's skill tree. Learning enemies strengths and weakness make all the difference in this game and if you are used to games where this is the key to success, the battles can get repetitive towards the end of the game.I enjoyed fully exploring the areas, searching for the hidden items and completing side quests. I was able to pretty much clear everything on the first run through. As a result, once you beat the game there isn't much replay value. But this game was enjoyable enough the first time around to be worth the purchase price.And Side Note: UPLAY is required to run the game, which I had to sign up an account to do. I didn't like that too much, because I read that a lot of other people had crash troubles with this game because of it... but luckily I didn't."
,Recommended,256290,18835547,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Daveop The Great,"Outside of the horrible UPLAY, this game was absolutly beautiful and I would recommend it to EVERYONE!"
,Recommended,256290,10006927,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,s0rd3z,Amazing and beautiful looking game.
,Recommended,256290,10006978,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,The Australian King Of Arrows,This game is absolutely beautiful.It's also one of those times where turning the sound off is an actual crime.
,Recommended,256290,10007089,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Mr. Xcruff,Expect it to be a rpg with a fairy tale setting and your all set for an amazing adventure..... the world is amazing the characters are lovable the mechanics are great... please don't miss out on this amazing game
,Recommended,256290,10009348,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,IamtheMoon,"It's fun, it's easy to play. Pretty art direction and soundtrack. Money well spent!"
,Recommended,256290,10009700,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Xurkitree,"If you like neat art, engaging battles, everyone speaking in rhymes (this gets grating after a while though), and flying around in the air, this is the game for you. It is a bit easy on Normal difficulty, I recommend experiencing the game on Hard.I feel sorry for you people who are turned off by the UPlay and first day DLC, you don't need the latter, and as for the former, well deal with it. You dealt with it when you played Half-Life 2 and had to install Steam, this is nothing new. If you don't want a double overlay, then go buy it on UPlay instead and you can close Steam, that's one less ""DRM service"" running.However, I had some issues with lost progress in saving, I would recommend turning off cloud saving in Uplay to fix it."
,Recommended,256290,10010260,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,oldgreybeard333,"-Wonderful visuals-Heart touching story, all done poetically (grow a sensitive side, or let your GF control your firefly, speakin of...)-Very nice gameplay, I assumed on a Paper Mario clone, which is part true, but there's enough variation and a more ""play it your way"" attitude to combat, exploration, and quests.If you couldn't tell by filtering negative reviews, the sole problem people are having is with Uplay. I, for one, have been using Uplay for Far Cry 3 and FC3: Blood Dragon with little to no issue, maybe I'm lucky, maybe people hate DRM for being DRM, but I will tell you that if you don't at least TRY to play this game, your doing yourself a disservice. It's beautiful, clever, and most of all, fun. REMEMBER??? FUN!It's just $15, yo, and it will entrance you.10/10"
76561198118488197,Recommended,256290,10010579,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Amos,10/10 This game is so great it made me cry.
76561198014746154,Recommended,256290,10010882,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Extant Wisdom X2,An excellent take on turn based combat. The interupt system adds a great amount of depth
76561198097832252,Recommended,256290,10011688,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Sepfi,"I rarely purchase new games, especially ones that none recommended for me beforehand. The day before Child of Light was released I was casually checking Steam for anything special. Its name and cover totally got me, and after watching both trailers I just couldn't keep myself from preordering it instantly.The world of Child of Light is beautiful. The stunning 2D graphics and the atmosphere created by poetric dialogue make this such fantastic experience as you play as an innocent girl fighting the dark unkown, only wishing to be able to return to back home.The whole ""Active-Time Battle System alongside the firefly Igniculus and other members of Aurora’s party"" work super smoothly and make the combat itself properly challenging and tactical.Oh, and the soundtrack. Somehow sad background music fits perfectly to adventuring in the mystical world of Lemuria, and the epic battle music really makes the fights very, very intense.Nothing else to add I suppose. Except that this game was one of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,256290,10011714,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,meowkitty17,"I haven't completed the game but I love it, almost completed it. This game has a fairytail feel with the character Aurora, It seems to be based on the Grimm's Brothers story Sleeping Beauty ( I use Disney's name as the orginial is named differently).But it brings on whole new light to this story with new characters and world pretty much.The art style is BEAUTIFUL! For me as an artist I would buy be hunting down the art book for this games and adore the whole creation.It terms of the game you have to help Aurora, who wakes up in the magical world, where her parents don't seem to be there, she meets a bunch of friends who will fight along side her to help defeat her stepmother. Style is in RPG with a spark of roleplay.I would recommend this game to anyone as this is a truly beautiful game."
76561198021127758,Recommended,256290,10011941,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,noogabooga,Short and sweet is what this game is. All the components come together to produce a beautiful and impressive game.
,Recommended,256290,10013713,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Guunie,"I thought I was entering a world of innocence and light, but little did I know that I had to download Uplay along with it, and the seedy, greasy hands of Activision have gotten their grubby pawprints all over it. As soon as I saw the Activsion logo pop up, I just knew this wonderful little gem would have about 20 DLCs by the end of the month it was released.It's still a great little game however, just as long as you ignore all the content that was cut to nickle & dime you."
,Recommended,256290,30463192,Posted: 11 March,all,Too Much Hentai 変態,"I've owned this game for a really long time but only just realized I never left a review. This game is amazing in every way: Visuals, Soundtrack, Story, Gameplay, Voice Acting. Just buy it if you haven't already."
76561198309839593,Recommended,256290,30466306,Posted: 12 March,all,Cat_Naw,"Really love this game, it's worth the play. The music, the art, and the characters. they're all wonderful. <3"
76561198056582493,Recommended,256290,10044527,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,loveofchaos,"The Art style is refreshing and contains everything youd expect and came to love with turn based RPG's, the game itself is a bit short though."
76561198116083694,Recommended,256290,10044554,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,春日咲子,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game is beautiful and addicting.  Just wish I had a little more time to play it.
,Recommended,256290,10003693,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,fictitiouspresence,"This entire game is written in rhyming verse. That, along with the instantly distinctive hand-drawn art style and beautiful instrumental music combine to form one of the most stylish RPG's to be released in recent memory. The presentation is nothing short of masterful, and if you enjoy the artistic expression inherent in games, you'll need no further reason to go play this right now.This is a turn-based RPG, with an excellent and well-balanced combat system reminiscent of the Grandia series, with all attacks requiring charge time and being interruptable. That, mixed with the ability to hot-swap party members and influence the timing of actions with your firefly familiar leads to a system that's surprisingly deep. It's easy to miss just how well-designed the combat is, but notice how: 1) you can't always just spam your best attack -- you have to watch what can interrupt you, 2) you don't always just focus fire on one enemy, since you might want to prioritize interrupting their attacks, 3) the defend command is critically useful, and 4) you actually need to use your party swap mechanism for the tougher fights. It's really rare for a system to pull that off!I played on Hard mode and found the challenge level to be perfect (so I imagine RPG veterans would find ""Normal"" far too easy); I struggled to survive and used copious amounts of potions in several battles, but victory was always attainable with decent strategy. Unless you're revisiting an old area that you now overlevel, you can't just spam the basic attack and expect to win!When not playing a combat or enjoying the poetry-filled story, you'll be exploring the world in 2D platformer mode. At first, it feels like it might be a full-on metroidvania, but you get the ability to fly and open all the locked paths very early in the game, so it's really more of a straightforward 2d action segment. There's some very light puzzle solving, a handfull of side quests, and plenty of hidden things to collect -- but it's generally more of a relaxing walk through the scenery.As for drawbacks? There really aren't any, aside from Uplay and Ubisoft's utterly perplexing day-0 DLC (why would you buy in-game items? They're not even particularly *good* items and you can get them easily by playing.) I could ask for more -- more levels, more skill variety, perhaps better level design with harder puzzles ... but there could always be more stuff in a game. What's here constitutes a solid experience that I can heartily recommend to anyone who enjoys turn-based RPG's and the fairytale aesthetic.Overall: 5/5 -- My favorite game so far this year."
76561198038397525,Recommended,256290,10004237,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,CRUEL42,"Child of Light is such a visual treat,with some decent rpg mechanics.It won't take a very long time to beat,Nor very many hardcore gamer tricks.The style is like a children's fairy tale,In a colored, wondrous fantasy realm,But if these rhymes cause your brain to derail,Then this game will most surely overwhelm.The gameplay divided into two parts:Exploration and combat; no surprise.It is rather simple as the game starts,And further, intoduces complex size.Exploration gives very free movement,In a lovely and detailed 2-d plane.There are simple puzzles to circumvent,And many small, hidden items to gain.There is no currency or trade system,No massive inventory to manage.Among the types you collect is the gem,Which you equip to give a combat edge.The combat is mostly a turn based fare,Characters all wait to cast an action.There is a real time aspect; be aware,Though keeping it up is a distraction.The skill trees are kinda boring and dull,with no real complexity to see.Branches don't feel rewarding when all full,Character building is rather easy.The story is a fanciful journey,of a young girl who had just lost her way.She must explore an unknown world and see,If her light can keep the darkness at bay.The mood is quite somber; the theme, mature,Despite the shiny, lighthearted facade.Like folk stories of olden days that stir,Some unease with its lessons to be made.If I had to: 8.5 out of 10,I look forward to playing it again."
76561197961157704,Recommended,256290,10004473,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Horant,"I picked up this game today , and all i can say is its the most beautiful game i have every played if you can get past uplay your golden, this has made me believe that turn based RPGs have a place in the world. it has a wonderful story and beautiful artwork. i have no gripes with this game at all."
,Recommended,256290,10004489,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Sir Neigh Neigh,"Only just started, already in love with it, if life didn't come calling, i don't think I'd want to stop playing, the music, and just the everything makes me love this game"
76561198015037517,Recommended,256290,10751213,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Orchid,When I first saw this game I knew I had to play it.  I am a huge fan of turn based rpg and this one is amazing!  I love the art style and everything is beautifully drawn.  The characters are all unique and have interesting story lines and I find myself wanting to find out more about each one.  The story is well written and fun for all ages.  I'm glad I can let my 6 year old watch me play this game.  She enjoys the story-telling as much as I do.
76561198032082660,Recommended,256290,11168689,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,gamingbc,Glorious work! Very entertaining game. Story is amazing!
,Recommended,256290,11190971,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Deekow Stu,"Child of Light was a beautiful experience that I'm glad I took the time to play through.  That being said, it was boring a few times, and while the character development seemed to appear to have promise at first, it really felt like the choices were meaningless and something you just had to click the buttons on to move forward.I would very much recommend anyone who likes story, roleplay, and/or visual poetry to play the game once.  Just know that you'll definitely be ready to move on to something else the moment it's over."
,Recommended,256290,11055343,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,benwhoski,"Very enjoyable. The art style is beautiful, and the combination of platformer and turn-based RPG is fun. The story is cute, if a bit predictable, and even the rhyming is endearing. It's not a very long game, but I foresee good replay value to experiment with the party options a bit more. I did find having to use UPlay a little bit annoying, but not obtrusively so. Bought it on sale, but would still consider it worth the full price."
,Recommended,256290,10994417,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Silvera Sea,"What can I say about the game that hasn’t been said already?From the start Child of Light reveals itself to be more than your average platformer. A cutscene opens up the game, like most other games use to converse, but the difference is tantalizing, delightful, rhyming in verse. It flowed like a lullaby, written as a bedtime story.I eagerly played when I had the time to, not questioning the other games I had left behind to finish this one. The artwork and music immediately drew me in each time I opened the game, and the story equally as enticing, even just for its simplicity. Over the time I played it I grew to love it for its beauty and mastery, its charm, and its whimsy.I cannot express how much joy I found in playing this game. This is video gaming at its finest, where all forms of art are mastered beautifully. The soundtrack, melancholic yet hopeful, weaves with the water colored imagery and story, and even the turn based combat was invigorating. If you are a connoisseur of art, this is a game you would not want to miss.The entire piece is rich; each singular medium flavorful in its execution. Some may call the story childish, however I believe its simplicity is one of its most emotionally impactful factors. You don’t need to second guess your mind, for your eyes, your ears, and your heart will write the story for you.This is the game I would use to introduce others to games, to show them just how far gaming can go. I bought it expecting a game, and left with an experience.“Close your eyes, let goAnd drift off to sleep.”"
76561198000040081,Recommended,256290,11028006,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,KitaOkami,I loved almost everything about this game the only thing i hated was that it was only 7-8 hours long honestly the game was amazing i was not disapointed easy to start out but it scales so perfeclty into being a challenge the way they tell the story like a fairy tale in rymes and the small nariation cut scenes tied it all together to create this atmosphere that i think can not be topped in the gaming world at least not anytime soon 9.5/10
,Recommended,256290,11042554,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Silver Mint,Such a work of art!
,Recommended,256290,11019251,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Kefen,"This is a beautiful game, visually and musically, and I recommend it heartily if you like action-RPG, turn-based fights and crafting.However, I'd recommend buying it on a platform where uplay is NOT mandatory to launch the game, because MAN it's annoying as hell."
,Recommended,256290,11020528,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,oOgA,"Child of Light brings an astonishing turn-based gameplay, embracing a beautiful mix of colorful graphics and a melancholy of lovely soundtracks - true awe for a price of $15If you are looking for a platformer RPG with a focus on nice tracks of battle and sharp, deceivsive gameplay  - Child of Light is definitely a must try. Give the demo a spin and enjoy your flight in the game, battling monsters with a well-balanced difficulty and a fast paced battle.Child of Light gets a 8.5 out of 10 if I were to give it a rating."
,Recommended,256290,11020845,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Aethersinister,"I love this game since it has beautiful graphics, is a fun RPG and also you can change the speed of the battle animations if it is too slow which is a very good option to choose! It never gets boring :D"
76561198082038593,Recommended,256290,11022426,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Sir. Murak,Amazing!!
,Recommended,256290,11072077,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Loluka,"So far I've come to love everything about this game. The art and dialogue are beautifully written. The game itself takes on a fairytale type quality that you can't help but get sucked into. The combat system takes me back to my old Final Fantasy, which made me rather nostalgic. All in all 10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,256290,11078254,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,AnonymousNck,This game is alot of fun and the graphics are like a story book. Help Aurora find the light!!
76561198059003553,Recommended,256290,10945449,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ZenMonkey,"This game is so much better than I thought it was going to be.  Child of Light has everything a good RPG needs:  good story telling (with wonderful prose), appealing graphics, an interesting combat system, and a sense of adventure looking for (or remembering when you have the ability to access them) all of the nooks with chests of items."
,Recommended,256290,10648162,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,stolenbymusic,"I'm semi partial on this game. I would like to say that the game is absolutely gorgeous. The music is quite soothing and the art is just spectacular. There are some set backs to this game. The most important of them all is the damn rhyming. Why the had to rhyme I have no clue. All the little smart quips just gave me headaches and I just couldn't listen or read the diolague. All in all the story line was meaningful and the characters showed slight to major developement. There are some very predicatable parts in there, but hey, what isn't predictable now a days."
76561198093502990,Recommended,256290,11288313,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,dennygoss,Art is second to none. Story is amazing.
76561197993464805,Recommended,256290,11209901,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,KDonut,"Only 59 minutes of play...In awe of the game already. Such beautiful artwork, I feel I am interacting in a fairy tale story from my childhood. If only I was able to experience all fairy tales in such a manner. The music adds so much depth and atmosphere to an already immersive visual experience. This game has invoked feelings I have not felt in a long time in the medium of video games. I feel the wonderous, curious nature of a new world. I feel the darkness and sorrow that has befallen a world once filled with light.The gameplay is fairly basic, with the eseence of traditional RPG conventions, but with various augmentations to boost attributes and abilities. The learning curve is shallow and is easy to play, making for a great story that can be picked up any time.A truly great title that is definitely worth the price (also helps I particularly picked this title up during the Summer Sale)."
,Recommended,256290,11345272,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,CrummyConifer,Beautiful game!
76561197991257362,Recommended,256290,12090421,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,gjhall71,Amazing game. Incredible sound track and visuals.  Not too deep or challenging puzzles - but still a great game everybody should try.
76561198050737673,Recommended,256290,11984335,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Pudin,"As I'm typing this review, it has been my 9th hour into the game, yet so far I've had only words of delight for this game. Child of light is a single-player RPG setting following the adventures of Aurora, a girl who has been lost in a fairy tale-like land. Its game-play, as I embark through the world, has astounded me with its beautiful water-colour-like backgrounds and character designs. In fact, each character deviates individually. (accent-wise too) The music of the game comes with absolute finest, especially during the boss battles.The combat system of the game shares similarity with other RPGs, in spite of that the turning animations along with a 2D/3D like-stage really enhances the game well. You're also able to switch back and forth between various characters. Lastly, the story-telling style of the game has been very heart-warming, it really captures the light and atmosphere that Aurora under went as she travels with her friend, Igniculus. In my humble opinion, a game such as COL comes by once in a blue moon and definitely by all means do check it out. (They even drank potions like goddesses)"
76561198191206335,Recommended,256290,18039359,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,leobarrage,"The combats fun in a different sort of way, takes a min. to get use to. Overall a very pretty game, with a decent story."
,Recommended,256290,18003799,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Arface,8.5/10buy on steam sales
,Recommended,256290,17885848,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,poisonedOcean,"===ALL NEGATIVE REVIEWS ARE ABOUT UPLAY SH*TSERVICE, NOT ABOUT THE GAME ITSELF======To avoid any issues, ALWAYS START THE GAME FROM YOU STEAM LIBRARY. ALWAYS===It's poetry made game.All dialogues are rhymes.Except for Rubella, a bafoon girl who can't rhymeThe game talk about loss, death, sadness, kindness and friendship in  a deep  yet light and beautiful wayJust finished it.I'm a military, married, grownass man, and yet, here I am crying like a lil girl for the beauty that I just saw.Totally worthy my time and my money.10/10"
76561198142114082,Recommended,256290,17938828,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Slender_Wis,Really fun game that adds a new twist to turn based combat style. Good music and the game is challenging enough to take a bit of  time to learn its ins and outs.Definitely recommend this to players of all ages.
,Recommended,256290,17905603,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,fuji sempai,decent short RPG that never really feels like a grind. It doese feel like they were trying a bit too hard in the writing every once in a while.
,Recommended,256290,17931984,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,NotNights,"A very wonderful RPG. When going through your adventure you gain more characters into your party with their own skills to aid each other in battle. There's even an easy way to regain HP and MP if you're in a tight spot. Not to mention a neat firefly who can help slow down your enemies to ensure you get the first hit on them. Even with all that, the battles are still a great challenge.The graphics and story feel like being on the pages of a children's book. The humor in some dialog exchanges is pretty amusing and fun too.On the concept of using Uplay for the game, its fairly simple to make an account, and download the program (it would be the same method as how you got steam). It was worth the download as well."
76561198007197750,Recommended,256290,17924746,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,wei10,"Very original, charming mature fairy-tale like experience.  Highly recommended.  Only complaint is that it was too short (12 hrs. or so) for the expansive and immeriseive universe it creates."
,Not Recommended,256290,17928463,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,HotCocoaBoy,"This game does not work. I like getting 2d games on steam due to my pc that can't run games well. So I saw Child Of Light and thought, ""this looks good"", until I played it. This game has way to high standards, and it's hard to run. if you have a great running gaming pc then its probably a fantastic game. but running this game on my windows 8 is bad. The fps is ok but there is some wierd ""slow motion glitch"". I have found this problem throughout the internet, and can't fiind a fix. this child of light moves so ♥♥♥♥ing slow. I see videos where shes perfect and runs fast and flies fast, but when i play she goes so ♥♥♥♥ing slow. overall, the game is good. But if you don't have a good pc for gaming, i can't recommend this."
76561198087097078,Not Recommended,256290,17928703,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,zeddemore83,"So hard to give thumbs down reviews. I just didn't get into this one as much as I thought I might. Maybe my tastes are changing.The art direction is phenomenal--visually very beautiful and definitely succeeds in creating a powerful ethereal vibe.But ultimately I think the game has pacing problems, both combat pacing and story pacing. I stopped playing it and haven't had the urge to return, so I guess that means I can't recommend it. YMMV."
,Recommended,256290,17965224,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,DeLuman,"This is a great little RPG that I'd recomend to just about anyone, it has a great but simple story the mechanics are simple but have a good amount of depth.  There are a few critiques I could make of this game, most of the bosses are more HP Dumps you have to wittle down than having an interesting challenge, it seems like you can't really change party members outside of combat and the ""gem"" system feels a little tacked on and the last boss is rather anti-climactic all of these things are really minor compared to the positive aspects of the game though."
,Recommended,256290,17956981,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,T.Phong,"One thing im learn from this game : stepmother = bad , and bad = Uplay => stepmother = Uplay"
76561198060754428,Recommended,256290,18005933,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Misi,"Simple but effective, this game has an amazing soundtrack, gorgeous artwork and the cutests little followers you could wish for. The battle system gets a little repetitive after a while, but the detailed fairytale world you get immersed in makes up for it. And I had no problem whatsoever with Uplay, which is always good. If you are searching for something charming and easy to just relax and enjoy, try this one."
,Recommended,256290,18078381,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Mialythila,"Beautiful graphics, beautiful story,  fun gameplay! Runs very smooth on my laptop too :D"
,Recommended,256290,18080870,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Tabula Rasa,"Child of Light - PCFinal Grade - ""A-""(A great game with a few noticeable flaws)One of the most beautiful games to come out in years, Child of Light is a fairy-tale themed turn-based RPG where you play as a dead girl trying to save a lost kingdom and return home to her family. While the poetry is inconsistent and not the best (Every line of dialogue and descriptive text is turned into a poem with a different ehyme scheme each time), the combat is fairly exciting and the art design is an awesome experience.The Need To KnowGame frame rate is not capped and runs well.Works equally well with controller or keyboard. In-game menus can be operated with the mouse.Combat system incorporates real time elements with primarily turn-based functionalityMain Story takes about 11 hours to beat; Side Quests are an additional two hours.The only DLC pack worth purchasing is The Golem's Plight, as it gives you a new party memberYes, there's Uplay. Calm down.Some people report having trouble starting the game through Uplay. The fix appears to be starting UPlay directly, registering the game on there, and then starting it from the Uplay application, bypassing Steam entirely.""Aurora, what is love known by?""""When it hurts to say goodbye."""
,Recommended,256290,18051676,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Queen Wyntir,"This is an impeccable game. I enjoyed every moment I spent playing it. From the effortless soundtrack to the cast of characters and the beautiful animation, this game is a near solid 10/10. Any rpg lovers will enjoy it and it's relatively safe for all ages (unless a little one has a particularly active imagination).Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,256290,18072770,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Mr. Raindrop,You can fly!! You can also recruit a jester and a mouse and your sister. 10/10
,Recommended,256290,18087491,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,zivivi32,"It is a REALLY good game. It does require Uplay, but that's not a big trouble actually. The story line is amazing and the conversation are impressively and wonderfully written. The Gameplay is very challenging, sometime repetitive but still challenging in terms of strategy. Very immersive game ! Looking forward to see more of these kind of games in the future with Ubisoft."
76561198030323714,Recommended,256290,17429513,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Shaq'uilliam Jackson,An RPG that has a neat art style and a nice and unique way of having dialogue.  Certainly is fun for the cost.
,Recommended,256290,17431496,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Colon,"The art and music alone gave me all sorts of warm fuzzies. Sure it's a classic good vs. evil, and may not do anything new story-wise, but I like it that way in this case."
76561198075946121,Recommended,256290,17433386,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,BadManNutterDemStreetHustler,I want a sequel. That is all :)
76561198055990958,Recommended,256290,17765468,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Tibiriel,"Great game with beautifull visual! The music, story telling and overall setting is just breathtaking!"
,Recommended,256290,17343872,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,John (sourkraut),"This production is so beautiful! It reads an epic, sounds like an 80's animated film, looks like a picture book, Child of Light just has the right feeling. This game evokes a phenomenon I've made up called 'missed nostalgia' that I have felt playing old games like Final Fantasy VII or Super Mario games. It's as if a creative fantasy team from the late 80's turned up in the present and made this with the best of their powers. I'm sure the people making Child of Light were inspired by their childhood stories.The story follows the basic hero's journey, finding herself sent to a dream-like dimension called Lemuria, where she befriends a cute collection of peoples. The Eurpean legend elements come together wonderfully to create a unique piece of art, and although the game-play takes some getting used to, I willingly adapted just to come back to the lovingly painted visuals. I highly recommend this to fantasy fans wanting to get back in touch with their inner child."
,Not Recommended,256290,17358468,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,medic,Game 9/10 - no voice overs (minor con) - Story line (not the greatest as it tries Rhyme through out the story and gets tiresome. Story is actually pretty bad) - Gameplay is awesome as well as graphics. I love the fight scenes and options to choose from.Uplay 0/10 - Have to shut off my firewall as it seems to crash sometimes - First time i ever had to go through Uplay and will be the last. I will not support ubisoft or any game that requires another application other than steam to keep track of achievements and gameplay. Its Pure non-sense and a turn off to gameplayers. DRM crap on a legally purchased game. You cant defeat pirates so its best to make the game more simplistice or non-intrusive to its users.
76561198027979705,Recommended,256290,17386778,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Mara,"This game is beautiful. The art, the music, the language (even if some of the rhymes pushed a little too far,) For those seeking a great challenge, perhaps this isn't for you, but it is perfect for a casual player or someone more interested in atmosphere and story. I found the story engaging and battles challenging (requiring thoughtful use of skills at the right time) but not stressful as it has a timer-based turn combat system which was thoughroughly enjoyable once understood. The biggest downside (besides the uPlay requrement) is that the ""tank"" character isn't intorduced until the second to last dungeon, making it difficult to defeat enemies without being interrupted. All in all though, it is an enjoyable play, worth a second run though. (When you reach the end, you get the option of a ""new +"" game meaning you keep all your items, oculi, skills and levels but get to start the story mode over with more difficult creatures and a re-set of all quests and treasure chests.) Excellent fun."
76561198048803237,Recommended,256290,17566534,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ChronicChronicler,"So Child of Light, while not everything I wanted it to be, is not a bad game by far, indeed it excels. The story is captivating, as well as the artwork, bringing you along a journey that is bittersweet yet leaves you with a feeling of sweet satisfaction, although there is that yearning for something more. But, in fairness, the fairy-tale aspect of the whole game will leave you with a sense of charm and delight that obscure the faults not in darkness, but with blinding light.https://chronicchronicler.wordpress.com/2014/09/11/child-of-light-pleasant-or-repellent/"
76561198089651185,Recommended,256290,17568020,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Sabseph,"This is a game with style.Do you remember reading children' books? Here is a 8-10 hour adventure with a little girl named Aurora. If you enjoy artistic, stylized, simple games this game delievers."
76561198020576811,Recommended,256290,17569673,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,[PRN] Dargaron,Extremely good games. Good story. Excellent soundtrack and fighting mechanics.
76561198060622875,Recommended,256290,17575118,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,XileGentro,"loved this game, very artistic, well wrttten, and good replay value. i would highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,256290,17577575,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,unpr0gr4mm3d,Has really pretty artwork and music!
,Recommended,256290,17609769,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Arkady,The story is sweet. The artwork is beautiful. The rhymes add a clever twist to the dialog.
76561198081476948,Recommended,256290,17511755,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Pkcoco31,"adorable game and pretty enjoyable game, the artwork is gorgeous and the story its extremely good :)... even tho *cough cough* the developers didnt finished it to publish the game sooner. But overall it is a 10/10 game."
76561197993269624,Recommended,256290,17516035,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,shadowwing2290,One of the Best RPG's I've ever played. Great gameplay. Great story. Great soundtrack. The artwork is beautiful. 9/10. Couldn't give it a 10 because the story is only 10 hrs
,Recommended,256290,17587668,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Voltumno,"This game is as charming as it gets. It is a sophisticated fairy tale lived through a gameplay made of parts platform, parts puzzle game, parts classic RPG. It is not difficult without being banal, and it allows you to focus on what this games gets most right: the atmosphere.It is a wonderful fairy tale and it feels like it. The art direction on this title knocked it out of the park. Beautiful hand drawn landscapes, beautiful character design, fluid dreamlike animation and great music. It manages to be whimsical and fantastic but with a grandeur that keeps it VERY away from being cutesy or complacent. It has also some dark, downright gritty moments.If you are looking for a game capable of telling a fairy tale without dumbing it down, this is it. I wish I had this game around when I was a child. I am sure I would have surely learnt quite a bit from it. :)"
,Recommended,256290,17772959,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,El Indyo,"A beautiful game on every level.+ Wonderful drawings+ Enchanting music+ Dialogues in rhymes!+ Endearing characters+ Constant leveling up that gives a true sense of evolution throughout the game+ Very simple gameplay:  2 buttons and 2 sticks are everything you need+ Challenging turn-based combats, but still easy to understand ; having a good strategy is highly rewarding+ No random fights, you can avoid enemies+ A lot to explore and discover+ Long enough for the price, short enough not to be repetitive- Classic story with little innovation over the usual fairy tales- Sometimes hard to see which platform you can walk/fly through"
,Recommended,256290,17781540,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,DreamerBlade,Where do I even start. The art is beautiful. The music is epic. The gameplay is fun. The story was exciting. The characters were memorable.One of the best experiences I have had this decade in a video game.
,Recommended,256290,30455321,Posted: 11 March,all,Vladkins,"10/10 Genre defining side-scrolling RPG - highly recommend it to anyone+ Once in a lifetime game that should inspire more of this type in future years+ Such art... exceptional+ Presentation, music, surprises, writing, poetry is all top notch+ Unbelievable polish and attention to detail+ Solid mechanics and leveling system+ Eclectic mix of characters (you have party members)+ Please make more of the same"
,Recommended,256290,17969405,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,joeyk86,Final Fantasy esque. I LOVE IT! GIVE ME PART TWO!
76561198049226698,Recommended,256290,17969752,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Zelzilla,Absolutely the most beautiful game I've ever played. From the art to the wonderful and moving music. Very well done turn based game.
76561198048934260,Recommended,256290,16938821,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,stenfeio,"This games mechanics are classic to the genre. I have played a lot of RPG games in the past and this one takes the best of Modern and classic JRPGs and wraps them in an astoundingly beautiful package. The art, music, and writing are amazing to say the least. The characters are interesting and their plights are very relatable. At times, leveling up can get a bit repetative but I would leave the game for a while and could not wait to get back to it. It leaves behind a feeling of longing for bedtime stories; a time where our imaginations flowed and we were naurtered into our dreams. Finally, one of my favorite things about this game is that it does not fall into the stereotypical format modern games follow. I would suggest this game to fathers who want their kids to experience a great story.By far the best JRPG I have played in a while."
,Recommended,256290,16899837,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,+Ultra,An enlightening experience.
,Recommended,256290,17259317,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,uzielc,"Great game, nice visuals... not that great ending lol, surely give it a try!"
,Recommended,256290,17275510,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,The Bird King,"They told me to write a review for this game,I told them that it belongs in fame.The maps are beautifully drawn,and the combat was a lot of fun.The Child of Light grew up,and beat the Queen of the night.Great game but hate u-play.u-play is the true villian of the game."
,Recommended,256290,17276413,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Ouroboros,"This game was not only stunningly beautiful, but it was also a lot of fun to play. Having played through the main story line there is still a bunch of replayability and I will definitely be putting many more hours into it."
76561198037775862,Recommended,256290,17323705,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,leesburgfolk,"Music and Art of the game were fantastic to me! I have the music in my playlists for relaxing. Story was overall very good, and got me emotionally engaged with Aurora, the protaganist. Gameplay was not hard but did take a little bit of effort on the boss battles, unless you spend a bit of time and overlevel."
76561198008357525,Recommended,256290,17330790,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,3lexis,it was good
,Recommended,256290,17220162,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Bee Jesus,"Beautiful art, great music, amazing game10/10"
76561197966499262,Recommended,256290,17364916,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Loq75,"Great game. I highly recommend. Play the game on hard difficulty, casual is just too easy. Nice story, good gameplay, great art, great music. Overal a great single player experience."
,Recommended,256290,17375544,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Demokra,"I hope more games come out with a fresh and nice feeling to it like this game.Nice Story, great atmosphere and fun to play."
,Recommended,256290,17437189,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,macdshifty,"Didn't run into Uplay problems and the game itself is amazing, especially the soundtrack."
76561198009520344,Recommended,256290,17449301,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Lord Syre,"I purchased this game last year to play it with my daughter, who, at the time, was only 6.  I never would have played this game, if not for her.  She loved the game dearly, including the artwork, music, and characters.  I ended up liking it myself, as well.  She was a little nervous about the battles, so I would help her with that aspect of the game.  Otherwise she was the one who controlled Aurora, and it was easy enough for her using a controller.  I enjoyed reading the story to her, and she enjoyed all the different voices I made up for each character.Now we are on our second play through, and she is now 7.  Since she only remembers bits and pieces from playing last year, it's like playing the game all over again.  Like visiting an old friend you haven't seen in a long time.  Now she can actually read what the characters are saying, while I voice them.  She even offers to voice Aurora herself.   She even plays through most of the battles now, herself.  I didn't expect this game to have any replay value when I purchased it last year, but here we are playing it again.I'm often looking for things to share and do with my daughter, and games like this and Ori and the Blind Forest, are rare gems.  I highly recomend this game for parents looking for a little something extra to share with their children.  It is an excellent and endearing game, and well worth the price."
,Recommended,256290,17800723,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,SLCKASH,"Great art style, combat system, and music."
76561198045136606,Recommended,256290,17807377,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Yoshiro,"9.5/10  very good game and story.   The mechanics are cool to use, but aren't nessesary for younger players on easier settings.   Harder difficulties required quite a bit of time management and juggling.  It made the game a lot more fun and intense.   My only complaint was about balancing issues, which could be improved.   That is very harsh critism because they did a decent job with it overall."
,Recommended,256290,17732692,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Anri,Child of Light is so good that you ignore that it's behind a DRM system of the big bad uPlay.
,Recommended,256290,16043014,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,FanarnarBoi,"Warning: Long reviewIntroductionLet's get straight to the point: Child of Light is one of the most charming, adorable, beautiful, entrancing, engaging game I've played in the recent past. Its simplistic story, its charismatic cast of characters, its alluring art style, and its serene, soothing soundtrack all captivated me to the very end, and then some. I still hum Aurora's Theme and Off to Sleep to this day. If you have $15 to spare, you can't go wrong with Child of Light.It was developed by the creative minds at Ubisoft Montreal (don't cringe). One employee had the idea for a Free-to-Play Final Fantasy. He presented the idea to his higher-ups, and they agreed to fund it and give it resources. After much development, it was released in April 2014 for PC, PS3, and Xbox 360. It was later ported to Wii U, PS4, Xbox One, and Vita, and it even got a physical retail release on the Vita, the only physical release for the game. There are numerous DLC packs for Child of Light, none of which are essential or necessary. There is one called the Golem Pack, which adds a new quest and party member, and two costume DLCs for Aurora. The rest are oculi bundles, which are small stat boosting items. You could breeze through the game without DLC, so don't worry about it being pay-to-win.Story and SettingThe journey starts with the duke of Austria's only daughter, Aurora, passing away of an illness. But then she wakes up in a fantastical world called Lemuria. Anthropomorphized animals, dwarves, giants, and magic inhabit this mystical land, but there are also plenty of foes that stand in Aurora's way. If you're arachnophobic, I recommend playing this game with someone else. Within the first couple of chapters, Aurora befriends a talking firefly, picks up a sword, and starts vanquishing any dark creatures that cross her path. Throughout the game, she meets quite the colourful ensemble of characters, including a brother-sister jester duo, a rat (the literal one), and a dwarf proficient in magic. The premise of the story is that a dark queen has stolen the sun, the stars and the moon (don't ask how), and Aurora must return them to restore peace and light to Lemuria. There is laughter, there is sadness, there is friendship, there is betrayal. It's not the most complex or intricate of narratives, but it serves its purpose.Gameplay and PresentationThe gameplay of Child of Light consists of exploring a 2D overworld, and battling dark creatures in a turn-based JRPG style system. The battle system is quite reminiscent of Final Fantasy VII (Active Time Battle). There is a bar at the bottom of the screen that is split into two sections: ""Wait"" time and ""Cast"" time. Once a character reaches the cast bar, the player can choose an action: ""Act"", ""Party"", ""Potions"", or ""Flee"". The latter three are self explanatory. Choosing Act displays attacks or spells your character can perform, how much magic it takes to perform it, and how much time it takes to perform it. Length can range from Instant to Very Long, depending on how powerful the attack or spell is. Timing is very important in Child of Light. If either the enemy or the player successfully lands a hit on the other while they are in the cast zone, they are interrupted, sending them back on the timeline. This is crucial to winning battles, and slowing the enemy and quickening your party helps immensely. Once you finish a battle, experience points are awarded. Leveling up a character grants skill points, which can be spent on each individual character's skill tree to acquire more spells and perks. All party members get the same amount of experience, regardless if they fought in a battle or not.Outside of battles, Aurora can explore the overworld and talk to various people. Some of these people have quests to give you. These are optional side quests that have no impact on the main story. There are side dungeons with enemies and loot scattered around Lemuria. Loot consists of either potions are oculi, which are special gems used for stat boosting and other benefits. Aurora's firefly friend, Igniculus, can provide light in dark spaces, open hidden chests, solve puzzles, and slow enemies in battle. Child of Light can be played with two players, with one person controlling Aurora and one person controlling Igniculus.The soundtrack of the game was composed by a famous French Canadian singer known as Coeur de Pirate. It's comprised of orchestral themes and 1 song at the end. You can buy the soundtrack on her bandcamp site, or get it at a retailer for $15. The soundtrack not only adds atmosphere and mood to the game, but synthesizes really well with the watercolour art, making the entire presentation seem fairytale-like. Combine that with the rhyming and you're basically playing an extremely well assembled children's book. Speaking of the art, it was hand-painted and then rendered into the UbiArt Framework engine (same engine as Rayman Legends). The art has a calming effect and is entrancing when exploring.Now we arrive at the most divisive component of Child of Light: the rhyming. Some people adore it and find it charming, others depise it and find it annoying and repetitive. Instead of spoken dialogue, characters speak through text. The writers made an effort to make almost every line in the game rhyme with another. In my opinion, I admire this method of exposition, and I find it cute. Some might disagree, and that's completely fine. Just keep in mind that if you are considering playing this, you will be reading quite a bit of poetry. I advise you to watch a bit of gameplay and see if the rhyming appeals to you, because it's a large component of Child of Light. Some of it is flawlessly delivered, other times it's kind of rough, which is understandable. My favourite lines occur in Chapter 6, spoken by Aurora and Igniculus:""Aurora, what is love known by?""""When it hurts to say goodbye.""Complaints and ConclusionNo game is perfect. It's unfortunate, but I have to acknowledge some complaints I had while playing. You may not agree with these points, and that's fine. Just my opinion.1. The final segments of the last chapters felt a little rushed. You beat a boss, you watch a cutscene, then you're thrust straight into the final boss. Personally, I would have prefered one final dungeon or at least the ability to customize my oculi before fighting.2. Uplay. Personally, I have had no problems with it, other than a small cloud saving issue. One of my friends bought the game but he couldn't play it. While he met the minimum requirements listed on the Steam page, Uplay said that his CPU did not. I have heard many other horror stories about Ubisoft's infamous DRM client, so be wary.Despite the above, I thoroughly enjoyed Child of Light. It runs well, it looks amazing, it sounds beautiful, some moments in the story are surprisingly emotional, the characters are likable, the writing is witty, and the gameplay is easy to learn and is a great starter to the turn based genre of games. It's an experience like no other. If you have $15 to spend, spend it on this. You will not regret it. As a bonus, here's a small piece I wrote when I finished the game.Sixteen hours have come and gone,The end was void of dance, but not song.The princess now graduates to queen,Ruling the world of many colours, purple through green.It was an experience like no other.I can't imagine having another.But now it vanishes from my ever-growing list,One I shall beat with an iron fist."
76561197962692370,Recommended,256290,17723703,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,.oO(Cannon_Fodder?!?),"Beautiful Game, Music is well composed once you fiddle with it enough to play.Part Platformer Part JRPG. I wish it was just a BIT more Platformy."
,Recommended,256290,14162637,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Rezeile,If sleeping beauty did not fall asleep and instead picked up a sword and killed everyone... while rhyming.
,Recommended,256290,17538910,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Exenteron Dementis,Visually stunning game that plays well
,Recommended,256290,17540307,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,royalewithcheese,"It's true what the other reviews say, you do have to install UPlay for this game to work, which sucks. However, the game itself is really great, the game is beautiful, the story is really interesting and the fighting mechanic is really well done and doesnt ruin immersion at all. It is also decently long for the price, so if you can withstand UPlay, this game is really lovely.Honestly though, why do Ubisoft and EA have to push their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on us, seriously. Stop it. No one likes you."
76561198044740013,Recommended,256290,13801944,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Mindmeld,"Very Fun Straight Forward Game. Small Fun Puzzles. Graphics Are Great And Dazzeling, Game Play Is Phenominal. All Out A Great Game Execellent From Start To Finish. Would Highly Suggest To All RPG Fans Looking For A Newer Fresh RPG"
,Recommended,256290,13801970,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Windows Defender,One of the best games i have ever played by farAmazing TexturesGreat Story Line10/10
,Recommended,256290,13802460,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Blaxer,"Had some spare money when this game was on sale, and i thought 'might as well'The story, the artwork, the bond between characters, the side quests... this game just have everything a good game has to have and even more.One notable aspect is the battle system, been able to slow down enemies or heal allies in the heat of battle just adds to the game.Awesome game in all aspects. 10/10 would cry again."
,Recommended,256290,13803084,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,oldbluebox,"Music, art, game flow, and battle system are all wonderful.A must buy."
,Recommended,256290,13804624,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Isaac,Fantastic game
,Recommended,256290,13807210,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,stracha.khan,A great blast.  Stylish RPG platformer which shows Final Fantasy how to do it right.  Can blast through in about 15 hours.
76561198050495401,Recommended,256290,13807323,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,OTAK MECIN,ART : BEST!Gameplay : ALMOST BEST!FUN : YES!!!Recommended? : YES!!!!!!A nice game to play when i got bored with Dota.
76561198045153350,Recommended,256290,13780967,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,neekkkuu,"Beautiful Game, Side scrolling brings back memories.The art is wonderfully made, it has a anime feel but not completely Loli. I'd have to agree with one of the reviews that the only thing thats left to be done is to frame the backgrounds.The game flowed very well, as for an explorer like myself, I get submerged into the sidequests and i guess what you'd call dungeons, where I'm going that I forget that the place is not part of the story.I love the fighting mechanic. Instead of just awkwardly staring at the screen waiting for your turn to attack, the game makes you think 2 steps ahead of your enemies, otherwise you'll get chunked. The monsters. Hit like a freaking truck. Very challenging indeed.Also, If you love rhyming this is your game.needs a sequel? or A series relating to it.Wouldplayagain/10"
,Recommended,256290,13798814,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Song7,"Art is subjective and it is something one knows when one sees it.  To tell someone else what art is, is to tell them how to breathe or eat, you can't describe it you just do it.  You either appreciate the fact that you can breathe and eat or you don't.For the first time in my gaming life I feel like I'm playing art."
,Recommended,256290,13788030,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,revengeofbigd,"Really really good. A fun, creative tale with awesome everything: gameplay, art, story, etc.Parent's Guide: Appropriate for most ages. There's a little violence in battle."
76561198119597265,Recommended,256290,13789927,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,claire431,"Many people have mentioned that Uplay was an issue for them and I did experience a few issues myself however the game is simply too beautiful and enjoable to play, and I highly recommend purchasing."
76561198025093725,Recommended,256290,13790088,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,blacksapphire08,"Decent turn based combat and beautiful visuals. Shame it's an Ubisoft game, had to hack it just to be able to play it due to Uplay DRM."
76561198041866800,Recommended,256290,13751111,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,tjschmall,"This game is wonderful - beautiful artwork and music, and a simple but fun combat system. Might not have a lot of splashy extras and depth, but this game gets all of the basics absolutely spot-on. Relaxing and fun game to play."
,Recommended,256290,13751790,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,NOICATNETXXX,This game is so deep. I love it.
76561197983030048,Not Recommended,256290,13752425,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,maniclurker,"Gonna have to write a bad review for this game before I even play it.  I've heard great things about this game.  I bought it to have a fun game to play with my girlfriend.  And then we can't even play it because Ubisoft's servers are down, and we can't create accounts.  Seriously?  Any big gaming company should have strong enough leadership to have their servers up and running during one of Steam's biggest sales of the year.  If a company can't manage something as simple as that, then it shows they have♥♥♥♥♥♥poor planning and serious laziness.  They don't even deserve the money I just spent."
76561197979795554,Recommended,256290,13752970,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,tfrrmcc,Beautiful! exquisite 2d art achieved with 3d acceleration. Nice music. Everything beautiful. A must to play.
76561197984225470,Not Recommended,256290,13753131,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,seth,"The game is pretty good, but it uses Ubisofts Uplay.  Somehow I missed that while buying the game.  Now I open the game in Steam, I have to login to Uplay and then launch the game.  I've got a poorly done duplicate of steam inside of steam trying to sell me BS upgrades/bonuses for the game.  I wish I hadn't purchased."
76561198079322050,Recommended,256290,13742516,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tim the Enchanter,"Content wise, the game is great.Uplay, however, ruined everyhing for me."
,Recommended,256290,13743266,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sunbae,This is the spookiest game I have ever played. Great ambience with the lighting and music.9/10 would be spooked again.
76561198130922677,Recommended,256290,13743634,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sly,Liked that this was on sale and I was able to enjoy it...Liked that the game is not boring and has a cute story line...Liked that the game is fairly easy for someone who have not played this type of game before...Liked that I found this game...
76561198097610198,Recommended,256290,16584818,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,poppinfresh112,"pretty fun, worth the buy."
76561198048934412,Recommended,256290,16589484,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,adalaide78,"Overall a good game, and I did enjoy it. Based on the reviews I expected to feel all the feels, but it just wasn't there for me. At one point I did just just a teensy bit choked up, but beyond that it was simply a mildly interesting story.The gameplay is unique and I did enjoy it. Overall though, once finished with the main storyline I just didn't like it enough to go back and finish the side quests that weren't done. It's a good game, but frankly doesn't live up to the hype."
76561198025434912,Recommended,256290,16726188,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,thepeskyhuman,"Child of Light is beautiful,  immersive, and I really enjoyed the story progression. I liked the battle system and felt like I was doing more than simply pressing buttons in the right order. My only real complaint is that the main boss battles did not feel quite as epic as I think they should have."
,Recommended,256290,16730384,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Mr.G,"A short, yet amazing game.+Brilliant Storyline+Amazing soundtrack.-Some repetitive Fights"
,Recommended,256290,16732454,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Cornholio,"Great game. Beat the whole thing, got kinda annoyed though thinking I had beat the last boss 3 times."
76561198056982429,Recommended,256290,16734750,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,sunkan,"Story based old school rpg-game with lots of character. The game reminds me of paper mario in some way, with its style, intresting characters and great music."
76561198145305584,Recommended,256290,16735826,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Elc6767,"Beautifully done game.  The animations are fluid and the battle style reminds me of good old fashion JRPGs.  I missed that genre so this game breathed life and re-invigorated my love of the game.  I'm not that far into the game yet (chapter 4) but so far this game is fantastic.  Best thing Ubisoft has done in a while.My only gripe about this game is that it doesn't tell you about the auto-save (the little white wheel at the bottom right corner).  But it auto-saves after everything that changes (getting an item, finishing a fight, transitioning to a new area) so it isn't that much of a hassle.  But an indication saying ""This is auto-save"" would have been nice."
,Recommended,256290,16738536,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ImperialKhador,"As ever, Uplay is frustrating, but Child of Light itself is an enchanting game, with excellent story, art, music and pacing. Well worth your time."
76561198073354175,Recommended,256290,16739678,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Glenn,"Dispite a lot of people complaining that it's hosted on Uplay, Do not be bothered with it!.I recommend this game very highly. For the price it's being sold at you will get a nice 15-17 hours of gameplay if you ware as adventurous as me. Searching every nook and cranny. doing some side quests and just exploring."
,Recommended,256290,16772713,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,B3nOn1,A fairytale extraordinaire! Child of light is a beautiful light RPG with memorable characters and stunning graphics. Truly a piece of art!
76561198119677551,Recommended,256290,16775653,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Thisfoo,fun and simple
76561198003258950,Recommended,256290,16784829,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,SaberZX,"Really fun game, fantastic artwork and soundtrack. If you are a turn based strategy fan it's a good buy.Only downside is Uplay."
,Recommended,256290,16665511,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Alace,"Fun, not too complex. Beautiful scenes, but the characters are a bit oddly colored. The story was really good"
,Recommended,256290,16666882,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,alexanderal002,"Child of Light is one of those games that really needs to be experienced than explained. Sure, I can sit here and type out how wonderful the game is in its poetic form (literally), but you probably wouldn't fully understand. The game is beautiful and I commend the artists behind its creation. The game has a wonderfully crafted story, though it is fairly short. The battle mechanics are ones that are easy to pick up, but difficult totrulymaster (not to mention creative).If you're on the fence, let this be the little shove that makes you fall off and bust your♥♥♥♥♥on the side of buying it. I've played many a JRPG, but this one is one of the most memorable. It's so memorable in fact, that I've purchased ittwice! I commandeered my sister's Wii U to play it the first time, and couldn't leave it behind when I left back to my university so I bought it again for my laptop.I'm deviating, but still. You should buy this. That's my final thought on the matter. :D"
,Recommended,256290,16672440,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,iggy,One of the most beautiful RPGs i have ever played. This are one of the few games i wished didn't come to an end so quickly. ALL HAIL LEMURIA
76561198110645288,Recommended,256290,16672609,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Doge,Wow Story!! Much Art!!
76561198069574504,Recommended,256290,16679579,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,tetsuoeonaraoe,Great RPG. Amazing art.
,Recommended,256290,16711240,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ek. lee ji geum,i like it
76561197961496639,Recommended,256290,16711695,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,KillmyBrain,love it
,Recommended,256290,16712077,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,TC,"Despite a very rushed and mediocre third act, Child of Light is a thoroughly beautiful game.And can we talk about the unsung hero who had to translate the game? Every piece of dialogue is in couplets, and it was some poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'s job to translate all of these to a different language, and still keep them rhyming.Brilliant job, mate. Whoever you are. Brilliant job."
76561198091662675,Recommended,256290,16951796,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,brenden208,"This was one of the most amazing games that I have ever played, and I would definitely reccomend it to anyone who is a fan of this genre. **Note: I have seen some other reviews mentioning a save glitch that deletes their progress, and I too experienced this glitch; I will put my solution to this problem below the rest of the review so you do not have to lose hours of gameplay as I did.*The game has wonderful pacing, with a slow acceleration, to where it never really feels slow, or boring*The story is quite charming, and told in a way which makes it ever better: I doubt I will ever forget the plight of the Child of Light*The world is absolutely beautiful, with a hand-painted aesthetic, and wonderful characters*The soundtrack is enchanting, and complements the story immensely, not to mention being more than good enough to stand alone*So much more that cannot be put into wordsThe only problem I have with this game is that it requires Uplay to run, and I probably lost a good 8+ hours to a save glitch (solution below). But overall, the game itself is fantastic, and I give it a 10/10.**To solve the save glitch problem (which seems to be caused by Uplay failing to save your progress to the cloud, and then when it next starts up, and does its routine save synchronization, prioritizing the cloud over your local files, thus deleting the progress it failed to save), I ended up going into Uplay's settings (the gear in the upper right hand corner), and under General, I unchecked 'Enable cloud save synchronization...', and as well, under Network, I checked 'Always start Uplay in offline mode.' Then, as an extra fail-safe, I used task manager to end all of Uplay's processes (GameLauncher, Uplay.exe, and WebCore) after starting the game each time, effectively eliminating all chance of Uplay accessing the cloud, and deleting my local files. Additionally, I always waited for the auto-save symbol to completely fade before exiting the game, and always exited directly to Windows. These last two may be unnecessary, but I had already lost hours to the glitch, so I was taking no chances. This worked very well for me, and I hope it works for others."
,Recommended,256290,17359497,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Tupscal,"This game has awesome story, with a brave female protagonist and their buddies matching rhymes to make you feel like you're playing a poem. It's visually stunning and I played it from beginning to end in the same day, ~12h, so yeah, I think I liked it.On the other hand, there was some stuttering and weird video bugs during the game that made it seem like the FPS was low, when it was always stuck on 60. And also uplay, it's a shame Ubisoft makes it mandatory. Every time I left the game and wanted to start it again I had to open the task manager to kill every uplay related stuff to be able to play it again.The game is beautiful, fun and interesting and even though the bugs reduce the fun a bit, I still recommend it ;)"
76561197996887734,Recommended,256290,17362966,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,brobertson90,"Great combat system that modifies the normal atb combat system, intriguing world, likeable characters, and a decent plot.  I love the art direction too."
76561198044461179,Recommended,256290,18889020,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,kellerintheshadows,"It was breathtaking and I loved every minute of it. It's been days since I got off of the computer because of this game, and sweet baby jesus don't get me started on the soundtrack. Uuuuuugh, it was perfect. Perfection. Mwa!"
,Recommended,256290,18910093,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Rhea,"All in all, it´s a fairytale. A very nice one (in graphics, music and story). And it has a surprisingly pleasant combat system.Cute and relaxing, for those days you just want to switch off :)"
76561198008152844,Not Recommended,256290,18897441,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Aleachjed,"The look of the game is pretty and unique, but you get accustomed to it quickly and it fails to keep suprising you. The rhyming of every voiceover and dialogue is intereresting in the beginning, but you quickly grow tired of it. Its still fun exploring the well-crafted world and interacting with the childish, but fun characters. The controls feel a bit rough compared to real plattformers (like Ori and the Blind Forest), but it's fun and relaxing once you can fly around.I stopped playing early because I realy don't like the combat system. The combination of plattformer and turn-based-combat doesn't work for me, it always roughs up my flow when the fighting starts. True, you can avoid most fights, but fighting is the only way to level up, and there are fights you HAVE to take, so you need the XP to stay competitive.I'm not that enthusiastic about classic RPG combat without positioning anyway. But there are games who manage to still make it fun. This game doesn't. Even with a few minor innovations, its brutally repetitive after a few fights. The skill trees are strange and don't give you the feeling of realy being able to develop a character in the direction of your chosing. And no ability you ever use in a fight makes you feel the least bit awesome.The game sure has it's qualities, particularly in the art department. There are so many background layers, and sometimes super interesting things are happening there, with giant creatures moving around in the distance (I realy cheered for that when I noticed it). The animations are super smooth, i just kept turning for while just to whirl the characters hair around her face.But at the end, the gameplay does not deliver. Its neither a good platformer (not the smoothest controls, no real skill challenges), nor a good RPG (boring skilltrees, generic combats). The look and the few innovations can't sell it."
,Recommended,256290,18706938,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Linguini Bros | Tiny Rick,UPLAY BAD!ONLY STEAM!RAAAWR!ARUUUGA!HUUUNNNNGGGGG!GRRR!WOOF!
76561198146678450,Recommended,256290,18705575,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Cincinati Slasher,"super amazing plot, characters and fighting"
,Recommended,256290,18743380,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Minidal,"Worth Every PennyA charming world that will keep you entertained for 8-10 hours, more if you do the sidequests.Having run through New Game+ offline, adding another 7 hours more than listed, I can safely say that the combat system is quite solid. The game is sufficiently challenging on Expert and the boss battles are fun.Child of Light also has amazing music and art. Give it a try."
,Recommended,256290,18749036,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Zircon,This is a really abstract game and I really enjoyed it. The game plays on 2D and you play as Aurora as she tries to get home to her father. Child of Light has a brilliant artstyle and soundtrack and I would very much recommend this game. You can pick this up for around £3 during steam sales and there is a demo available. It's nice to see that single player stories can stretch to 9 hours of gameplay too.
,Recommended,256290,18753540,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Caponetone,"Great game, 9.1/10, would light again"
,Recommended,256290,18750428,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Nicolas Cage,"Terrific artstyle, just can't stop loving it"
,Recommended,256290,18774071,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,NineInchNailer,"Ignoring the fact that this uses Uplay, the game oozes with charm in a rather cutesy way which I originally never thought would appeal to me. The graphics and animations are beautifully drawn and move fluidly during gameplay, the combat is easy to learn."
,Recommended,256290,18821094,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,anjir4,"Pros:* Very likable characters* Well written story* Awesome dialogue, humorus and witty, and nice party banter.* Wonderful graphics, love the style!* I really liked the combat system, and it didn't feel like you had to use a cookie cutter setup, you could mix characters (on casual level), the boss battles were long and felt very rewarding to beat* A lot of treasures to find, rewarding* The main music theme is a beautiful little tune* I love that you get to fly, weeee!Cons:* Music was nice, but the main theme felt a bit repetative, not much variation between different areas etc.* Felt a bit weird that after gathering all Confessions, you didn't get an in-game reward for itComment: I played it through on casual. Did not try to finish all achivements, but tried to look in every corner for hidden treasures etc. Imo, worth buying even if not on sale.Rating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,256290,18818787,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,knowxville,"Cannot say anything bad for this game, i like the style, story and gameplay. Its one of the games that are pretty interesting to play and i will recomend it to anyone who is looking for some good quality or who is interesting but still not sure. You will not regret spending time in this game.The cons i could think of is the Uplay. First of all you will need to register an acount here and link your Steam to it to access the game. Also, because of Uplay you couldnt save your progress, and will get *Game cannot be saved* every time, as a result you will not go so far.I have no idea how to fix it, and dont want to search for it. I spend my money on this game, i spend my time installing it and i dont want to go to google and search how should i fix the problem, and again spend a half an hour or an hour because of that.Sadly to say but i will recomend torrent edition because of this issue. Other than that, the game is awesome."
,Recommended,256290,18818829,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Lukatronic,Brings the joy of Disney movies into video games. It's a heartwarming fairytale with gameplay similar to Rayman Legends and South Park: The Stick of Truth.An essential purchase.
,Recommended,256290,18855250,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Aditu,"Really cute, nice story, fights are easy enough in the easy mode so one doesn't have to struggle, graphic is good and I loved the music of the flute. A game for me to relax a bit and enjoy."
76561198038114310,Recommended,256290,18984161,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Bandrol,"A wonderful game. It's different to many other games in aspect of presentation. I never played a game where dialogues are rhymed. It's fun to read. Graphics are like in a book and with love to details and I really liked the sound. That game doesn't need blood and gore to get attention.A nice thing is also that you keep getting party members all through the game. That keeps things rich in variety. I ended up fighting the final boss using every single character.I can only recommand this game to everyone who likes to enjoy a fun fantasy-story, lives with his characters, likes RPGs, arts and to dream a bit."
76561198088314888,Recommended,256290,18374366,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Sigma,"A truly epic game, short, but so worthwhile and praise-worthy."
76561198206961796,Recommended,256290,18374513,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Saiell,"I really enjoyed this game. Had to play it straight through. I haven't taken the time for a second walkthrough as I started different games. Having said that, I highly recommend this game for rpg fans. This game has a very good story and is well presented with good art and music. My only con, is that it is too short (roughly 20hrs), I really wanted more, instead of a second walkthrough on higher difficulty. With steam sales, its a must get. Happy hunting!"
,Recommended,256290,18379732,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,hawy-,This game is amazing.
76561197970379102,Recommended,256290,18379794,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,gcdickson1999,love it great artwork and enjoyable playtime.
76561198172472950,Recommended,256290,18379808,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,sn33ky,"this is a very good game, just listen to different music whileplaying it"
76561198145959682,Recommended,256290,18379307,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Nadman210,"WOW!!! So fantastic. It has great visuals, a fun way to have a turn based combat and free roaming."
,Recommended,256290,18377224,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Tris,"The art is beautiful, the music is beautiful, and the gameplay is enjoyable."
76561198127752983,Recommended,256290,18377259,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,TalkNrdy2Me,Love this game
76561198082460347,Recommended,256290,18399110,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,themadhatterisdead,"Fantastic RPG ,incredibly beautiful with amazing characters and a very compelling story that will get you addicted for a few days until you're done with it. Once I finished it and immediately wanted to go back. What an amazing game!"
76561198141303718,Recommended,256290,18399670,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Urzael,You need this game. RIGHT. NOW
76561198062202376,Recommended,256290,18398567,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Volts,"this game has very great sound tracks, rpg styles with more features, great art, and u can build your own skill. Oh yeah i forgot about something, this game really bring u into a fairy tale world. 10/10 for this game. I really love this game"
76561198188405338,Recommended,256290,18452847,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Sir Crackalakin,"The combat system is fun, simple and deep."
,Recommended,256290,18479614,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,SayderCascading,"This game is extremely beautiful. The little bit of voice acting, the graphics, the characters, and the poetic storybook feel make it very unique and enjoyable. You could set aside the gameplay and simply view this game as a work of art. Every word of the game rhymes, and you can even pick up little ""Confessions"" throughout the game which are extra little poems. The world is fun to explore and well designed, with some chests that are definitely challenging to find.The monster battles are fun and I've never played a game with monster battles quite like this one. The battles aren't particularly difficult, but it takes some getting used to this battle style. Characters are very easy to control. The story itself is very good as well - aside from the storybook feel giving the game major points in my book, the story is well written by itself and even has some suprises along the way. It's actually a little sad at times! I also love all of the characters - each has a very unique personality."
76561198068533619,Recommended,256290,18445576,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,:),One of the best RPGs I've played in a long time. 1000/10
,Recommended,256290,18468434,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Gin-jū,"Absolutely *beautiful* game. The story is simple but the world is thoroughly engaging, and the music is pretty enough that I've left the game running while I do other stuff, just to listen to it. The art style is unique but unlike some ""artsy"" games, this one doesn't solely rely on its visual component to get past boring gameplay."
76561198042661164,Recommended,256290,18447396,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,AZPianist,"While Steam reflects 20.9 hours in the last two weeks as I am writing this, I've had this game only for the last 6 days. The plot is beautifully simple and plays like a story book, but the combat is complex enough that it is not a children's game. The conversations between the characters is witty and lyrical, and throughout the game your party continues to grow with different skill sets and ways to modify combat. This game is simple, but interesting, with art and characters to keep you coming back for more."
76561197993435570,Recommended,256290,18451035,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,headlessnewt,"Charmingly characterful, surprisingly simple, astonishingly atmospheric.  An excellent short fairy-tale RPG with some entertaining little platforming elements.  Mechanics are simple but resilient.Not particularly challenging, more of a storybook.  Beautiful artwork and music.  Worth the price for sure."
76561198113667112,Recommended,256290,18449669,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Darth Kylo Ren,Beutiful game !!I can cry when I listen music in this game >w<
76561198005510942,Recommended,256290,18432647,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Prat,"This is one of those games that brings ""Art"" to the Art of making games. Fun gameplay, wonderful storyline along with an amazing atmosphere. This would've been $20 well spent had I not purchased it for $3."
,Recommended,256290,18432800,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Ziehie,"One of the best Fantasy stories I've ever played. The graphics, with the music, just amazing. The storyline, wonderful. I'm only sad because it was so short :("
76561197972462995,Recommended,256290,18469362,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,[BIA] SPIDER ASSAULT,"Beautiful game. Simple and plain.The battle system and upgrades you get along the way are also just fantastic.The only thing that gets annoying is the constant rhyming of dialogue. I respect the developers for taking the time to do this, but it kind of takes me out of the experience. Makes the characters less.. Personable?Although the fact remains... I wouldn't change a thing"
76561198061941225,Recommended,256290,18457240,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,secret_sk8er,"Absolutely beautiful game with some, as far as I've seen, very unique game mechanics. Very relaxing game all in all with a beautiful soundtrack and great art style.Highly recommended game for those RPG lovers out there! One of my favorite to date."
,Recommended,256290,18464204,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Chess,"A beautiful look and feel to this game - the overall atmosphere is dream-like and very engaging and the artwork is quite lovely. It made use of some interesting mechanics for combat, and created some interesting and engaging characters. I really enjoyed this game, although the combat itself has very little variation and ended up being disappointingly drag-y as a result. As the game progressed I frequently found myself pausing to wander off and do something else rather than hammer out yet another lengthy combat sequence. This was a shame as, with it's interesting approach to combat and engaging story, I truly wanted to stay engaged.The story is not difficult to predict, but then it is based on a well-known fairy tale so it is their portrayal of the plot that kept me playing. Overall I would consider this game worth recommending. There are a few missed opportunities in the execution of some key concepts, but it is an enjoyable short playthrough with much to appreciate."
,Recommended,256290,18481923,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,BeJoulZ,Loved it
,Recommended,256290,18454394,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Losy,...
76561198084536911,Recommended,256290,18473886,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,dankpants,really well made and the art is awesome i love it and the story line is mua.One of my top 5 favourite games 7/10 great job
,Recommended,256290,18522741,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,obliviscaris,"7,5/10"
,Recommended,256290,18530635,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Accelerated Momentum,A neat game with a very good story and rimes
,Recommended,256290,18360335,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,bryanhbell,"Child Of Lightis my favorite among the games I've played so far in 2015 (which included some pretty good ones:Valiant Hearts,Broken Age,Never Alone,Mark Of The Ninja, andOri And The Blind Forest).Many well-executed elements combine to produce an immersive fairy tale atmosphere. Thebeautiful watercolor-style artworkreminds me ofArthur Rackham's illustrations. The music, by singer-songwriterCœur de pirate, is melodic and memorable.The narration, by actress Caroline Dhavernas (known recently for her role of Dr. Alana Bloom on the TV showHannibal) perfectly captures the sound of a mother telling a bedtime story. The story itself is well-developed, intricate, and moving.All of the narration and dialogue is told in rhyming poetry. I've read that some people say this style is off-putting or sounds forced. I enjoyed it and felt it enhanced the game experience immeasurably.The gameplay is a combination of light platformer and RPG. Periodic battle sequences are turn-based in a style that I've read is similar to the gamesGrandiaand theFinal Fantasyseries (I've played none of these). I'm not really fond of twitch gameplay, so I enjoyed this slower-paced battle system.When I finished the game, I was sad that it was over and wished I'd taken it more slowly to savor the experience."
76561198053261663,Recommended,256290,18366364,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,NanocDark,"first thing she says in the trailer: ""Child, touch yourself in bed""10/10"
76561198068397551,Recommended,256290,18366893,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,papa Madex☆,Chilling sound and visual effects. 8/10. And u can co-op with your friends :3
,Recommended,256290,18366921,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,j0wt#Asshole!,"This game is just f******* amazing !Gameplay, Graphisme, Story... AMAZING >.<"
,Recommended,256290,18376753,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,FORCE LIKE OBI,"I've been buying quite a few of these side-scroller games as of recent. In this quick review I'll cover a few pros, and hardly no cons of this game. I haven't played enough to make too many assumptions. I will update once I have a few more hours into the gameplay though.Pros:-Gorgeous game, textures, shadows, and backgrounds.-No crashes, no glitches, and no issues.-Extremely fun, and challenging at the same time.-Creatures are awesome, and they're difficult at times.-They added the local Co-op witch is fun.Cons:-No online Multiplayer added. (Not that it's needed, just my opinion).Conclusion, the game is totally gorgeous and very fun. It will keep you glued to the screen wondering what happens next, for the cheap price on sale right now how could you not get this game? If you enjoy side-scrollers, this must be added to your library."
76561197985263356,Recommended,256290,16422504,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,=DWC= rots_o_rag s.s.,Beautiful and wonderful to play. 10 out of 10
76561197989423944,Recommended,256290,18382457,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Rooster Cogburn,"Great game. Basically the art style is great, the combat and out of combat movement (light puzzler and exploration) if good and the story is forgetful. would be 7.5 or 8 out of ten."
76561198093059513,Recommended,256290,18382538,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,The Wizard of Words,"How do you describe a game like Child of Light? While obviously two parts for the art, it does have one part corporate, but mostly in the ending. Until that point, it's a ride unlike most you will ever experience. Why?Music. Simple as that.Nearly every track in the game sounds like it was devevloped over the length of the entire game, making the exploration feel really whimsical, the enemy encounters intense, and boss-battles down right apocalyptic. That's not even to mention the amazing songs that appear throughout the most emotional moments of the game (will not spoil). Safe to say this soundtrack has found its way to my music library, and for very good reason!"
76561198002713038,Recommended,256290,18380583,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Lanciaspezzata,"This game is pure art. Amazing soundtrack, wonderful graphic (or should I say ""drawnings""?)  and the story of a fairy tale. Furthermore Child of Light has also an interesting gameplay with elements totally new (and inspired) that distinguish it from the other turn-based games. And it is entirely in rhyme!To me this game is a cure for the soul. After I played it i couldn't stop listening the OST on Youtube.Child of Light can relax when it has to, can enchant with the landscapes or the strange people we'll meet or, especially versus the final boss, trasmit you a shocking epicness.I conclude saying Child of Light is one of the best gaming experiences I ever had and probably I will ever have.N.B. Warning: it requires Uplay! And Uplay is bad."
,Recommended,256290,18390982,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Bedlamboy,"A rich story with BEAUTIFUL art and music.  Not a long game, but I don't think I needed it to be much longer.  I truly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,256290,18391507,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Suchi,"A game that has a very unique art style along with it's classic heroine roleplaying genre. 10 minutes through the story, Aurora is thrusted into a dark realm full of creatures and monsters that helps develop the environments' setting. With that noted, Aurora reluctantly pursues the faded, burnt out light that awaits her arrival, hoping to find the truth about her father disappearance. Child of Light is a fascinating fantasy game that is concluded to be breath-taking and elegant amongst side-scroller genres. -8/10"
,Recommended,256290,18391563,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Vynsphynix,"This game was particularly amazing. Though I am upset about there not being any noticable Expansion DLC. The story, even through exploring every area, goes by a little fast. In comparison to the story speed, the crafting system doesn't exactly help you build your characters very well as the (gems) don't drop nearly as often as they should. In light of this, it leaves an open door for a great challenge. The final boss ain't no joke. My advice? Fight EVERY ENEMY you come across. The EXP matters a lot."
,Recommended,256290,18393770,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Tim,"Somewhat basic, and looks great and is charming."
76561198209895819,Recommended,256290,18392549,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,biohazardgang,"I read many negative reviews before buying this game, so I've prepared for the worst i.e. Uplay broke the game or don't let me play. Fortunately, after play-testing for an hour, I haven't found any error.Once I finished installing, Uplay asked for the CD Key (provided by Steam). I pasted it, hit activate the product, then I had to come back to Steam to start playing. A little annoying, but no big deal.I exited the game, then started again. This time it just launched from Steam.Uplay also started and run with Steam, and it synced my save file with the cloud when I exited the game. I don't know if that's good or bad since this is my first time using Uplay on PC.I don't know if I would encounter the issue of Uplay deleting my save file in the future. If that happens (hopefully not), I'll come back and add that to my review.But, for now, this game is on sale for a very, very, very good price. So, if you're on the fence about buying this game, I hope my review helps you decide in time before the offer expires.The game is great. Fun and engaging combat system. Upgrading and skill system is just right, not too complicated, not too shallow. And the art style, animation and music are... WOW!!!Besides, the game doesn't take much of your PC. My rig is Core i3, RAM 8GB, Radeon HD 4770, Win 7 64 bit. It runs smoothly."
76561198225245060,Recommended,256290,18395262,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,DEXTER,A very interesting game! You have to try it yourself. Amazing music and story line <3
,Recommended,256290,18398096,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Nehermix,wow just simpiy amazing. love it and i have only just played such a lit of it
,Recommended,256290,18386057,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Pork-Chop Express,"An enjoyable game that uses JRPG game mechanics to bring you through a fairly traditional fairy tale. Visually stunning, the story is quite well thought out, and the game's mechanics are workable.While the continual rhyming of characters may get on some people's nerves, the game is rather short (~20hrs) so even if you dislike the rhyming you don't have to suffer with it for long. Given the setting of the game, the rhyming fits well with the subject matter, even if it's fallen out of favor since the 1800s.Given that shortness though I don't believe anyone should buy this game at full price, but when it's on sale it certainly is a pleasant distraction for anyone who enjoys JRPG adventure games (or even just wants to find out what a JRPG adventure game is)."
,Recommended,256290,18383229,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Whitetulip,This is like the best game ever.
76561198028033871,Recommended,256290,18404376,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,First Mate Buddy,"ALL IM GONNA SAY IS THAT UPLAY IS ♥♥♥♥ING GARBAGE. PUT IN MY CODE TO ACTIVATE IT, 10 SECS LATER MY ♥♥♥♥ING ACCOUNT WAS BANNED FOR 60 MINUTES FOR NO ♥♥♥♥ING REASON.♥♥♥♥ING GARBAGE UPLAY.GOOD ♥♥♥♥ING GAME THOUGH!"
,Recommended,256290,18406285,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Saltycongee,A great game overall. Amazing graphics and interactive gameplay with good narration. You never will have a moment where you don't know what to do. The only thing is the pc optimization is not that great.
,Recommended,256290,16022094,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,gNatalie,"An absolutely lovely game, especially for Ubisoft, and is so much fun to play. It's narrated by a parent to their child about a far away land and a special little girl. The entire script is written in poetic rhyme and plays out as a young girl setting out to do justice in the world. A totally cute princess adventure while still being a challenging and fun game. Definitely a great pick for younger gamers who still want a tough game to beat. 9/10(only downside is it plays through uplay)"
,Recommended,256290,16077070,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,jason 【=◈︿◈=】,"A wonderful gameGreat art, music, story and gameplayCheap as well10/10"
76561197967613806,Recommended,256290,16070830,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,onepointsix,Charming game with a great art style. Reminds of old stuff RPG's growing up. 10/10
,Recommended,256290,16552586,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Lord Derpy,One of the most satisfying games I have played in a long time.Honestly this games ONLY flaw from my perspective is its DLC. A bunch of skins and in-game items. That only serve to make the game easier. Considering its only a 20 hour long game buying them would be a waste.but don't let that discourage you from buying the main game.
,Recommended,256290,16556408,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ellimanist15,"Unequivically beautiful in every single way.  Aurora is beautiful, Lemuria is beautiful."
76561197993063715,Recommended,256290,16559722,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Staal,"A beautiful game with a cute story. The gameplay is rather repititive. I absolutely love the fact that every person in the game speaks in rhymes. Well, except for the jester of course."
,Recommended,256290,16560917,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,KidN0thingBoy(Jimmy Bates),Good.
,Recommended,256290,16521557,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Hentai Tsundere,Woke up blazed.Killed some people.It was gucci.10/10 would smoke dank again.
76561198010079743,Recommended,256290,16527571,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SeaSaltSong,"A lot of complaints you will see are about uplay. yes you need uplay to play this game, however once you set it up it becomes a non-issue. Steam will launch uplay, sign you in, and launch the game all under about 10 seconds. Annoying? Sure. A reason not to play this wonderful game? not at all.This is a turn based JRPG-style game that is becoming more rare these days. The artwork is fantastic, and the music is hypnotising. All dialogue is in rhyme, which technically makes this story an epic. One long poem. All of it is so well put together it makes me think someone at Ubisoft overheard someone complain when people call a video game ""art"" and they accepted the challenge. Artwork is an understatement for this game.Combat is very fluid. There is a ""timeline"" at the bottom of the screen that keeps track of your characters and the enemies. You move through the timeline based on your speed stat, and any buffs/debuffs you have going. When you reach the end you hit the casting portion of the timeline. This is when you choose your action. you then move through this part of the timeline and complete the action at the end. Some actions are longer to complete than others. If you or an enemy takes damage while in the casting portion, before pulling the attack off, you are ""inturrupted"" and lose your turn basically. It's a great aspect that requires more strategy then ""pick big spell make big boom.""Overall it's a very enjoyable game, and New Game+ makes every game batter."
76561197969168037,Recommended,256290,16530354,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[MRDR] Man Walking,Child of light is a 2d sidescroller RPG.  The combat system is quite unique with a combat bar that contains a few different parts that make combat feel alive in real time with your companion Iggy while still having the classic RPG turnbase feel.  The games graphics are stunning and the game contains a few quircks like continuous rhyming in dialogs and tons of companions to choose from to take into battle.  Highly recommend.
,Recommended,256290,16535966,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,欣欣素素,"Playing the game is just like reading a fairy tale, brings back my feels when I was a kid. Music and artworks were 9.8/10Overall 8/10, will rate it 9/10 if there is no uplay.Well, nothing is perfect right?"
,Recommended,256290,16539832,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Roberto,Child of Light is absolutley fantastic! Amazing game and brilliant soundtrack
,Recommended,256290,16545587,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,tjsmaz,"This was a gorgeous game, the watercolours were stunning and I grew addicted to the game play."
76561198054284980,Recommended,256290,16547221,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jaeger Bomb,"Child of Light is a hybrid of side-scrolling adventure and turn-based action (i.e like Final Fantasy VII). It is a charming game that instantly pulled me in with its beautiful artwork-styled graphics and emotional, heartfelt sound track.Story: Child of Light starts with a young girl named Aurora who is from 1895 Austria. One day, she disappears from her loving father's grasp and is transported to a dream-like world known as Lemuria. As you progress through the game, many events unfold regarding Aurora's father the Duke and you will see why Aurora is part of this new and strange world. The story is beautifully tragic, told with rhymes that work well for the most part and the ending is fairly sad.Graphics: The graphics of this game just pop off the screen. Rarely, have I been blown away and completely immersed by a game's visuals that are as breathtaking as Child of Light's which looks like it leaped off the canvas of an artist! The way the game is presented works will to complement the game's fairytale story.Gameplay: It bends the traditional conventions of an RPG by mixing side-scrolling adventure and turn-based action. Even though it may be strange to many fans of games such as Final Fantasy at first, you will come to get used to the mechanics and I believe that you will enjoy it much more. Battles happen when Aurora touches a creature and this is when the game switches to turn-based. I like that Child of Light takes inspiration from newer RPGs in that it is more action-packed with the interrupt mechanic (where spells or action of someone can be halted if they are hit first) and that Igniculus, the firefly plays a major role during combat. You can use the left-trigger on consoles to lighten up the firefly which causes enemies to be slowed OR to heal allies in a fight. It is an innovative system that is a lot of fun and keeps you on your toes.Overall, Child of Light is one of my favourite RPGs (along with Final Fantasy VII and IX) and all the elements mesh together well to create a unique experience that is very memorable.I'd give the game a 9/10."
76561198001646306,Recommended,256290,16275269,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Galagon,"It doesn't do a lot, but it does it well. The game mechanics are minimal but novel and pretty fun to learn, the art is fantastic (the bright water colors are refreshing after the greyishness of 90% of games today), and the game feels whimsical to play especially once you gain flight. Some pacing issues with the difficulty curve are my only complaint."
,Recommended,256290,16280894,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,kneekap,"Very beautifull and artistic game by Ubisoft. The soundtrack sucks you into the fantasy world and has a hint of sorrow that works beautifully with the story. The artistic visuals make you feel like your playing on the canvas of a masterpiece painting or at times a pop-up picture book.The gameplay involves grinding and repetative battles that can get tiresome. I have been lucky to never encounter any issues with Uplay with any of my Ubisoft games. It is sad that many of their games don't get recommended due to a poor online service platform that has nothing to do with the game itself but it is none the less a factor to consider.Game is not great, but certainly fun and worth some playing time."
,Recommended,256290,16416119,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Drizelda,"This game is Beautiful! I don't know really what else to say about it. I was nervous it wasnt going to be great. But the art style is creative, the music is gorgeous, the storyline is phenominal, and the way the game just warps you right in side it? It's amazing! Mini puzzles all around that may make you scratch your head, monsters that may make you angry because you don't know how to kill them... but it truly is a wonderful game to play! ^^ Go ahead. Buy a copy! You won't regret it."
,Recommended,256290,13558406,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ixurge,"wow. what a great game.this is a ""false 2D"" RPG with no random encounter and turn based combat.this is an art direction masterpiece.this is the story of a little girl growing up while put on high responsibility.this is the story of her friends, everyone well carachterized and with their personal evolution through the story.the game is short, forget about the 30+ 40+ 50+ hours of classics RPG. in 12-13 hours you'll beat the game, but it will remain in your heart. and maybe the fact that is not so long prevents it from becoming boringa mention deserves the soundtrack which i found very nice and capable of creating a wonderful atmosphere!the only meh is for the difficulty level, i found it a little easy and did not put difficult challenges on me, but the progression of the story and the incredibly well designed environment will keep you playing this little gem.recommended for everyone, absolutely get this game!!"
76561198091397898,Recommended,256290,16420505,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Charion,"I'm usually not a fan of these type of games (RPG), but wow, this game is gorgeous. the visuals are amazing, the soundtrack is beautiful and keeps you on your toes when you're battling, and will make you want to explore when you're not fighting monsters. this game brings back memeories as a child, back when I saw more beauty in this world, and when I believed in magic and wanted to use it against evil. This game is simply amazing."
76561198169029408,Recommended,256290,16421183,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,mintywifi1986,I like this game i have not finished it yet but there is one problem is that it runs slow on my computer but then again im playing on a laptop. But all in all this is an adverture filled amazing game
76561198064258664,Recommended,256290,18631972,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,LEGION,"This game is very simple, coloured, joyfull, sad and pure it makes a fantastic journey with a growing girl.DLC not recomanded (only if you want to buy a different colour of her dress, the cristals you can find them in game).Sometimes You will feal that the game is repetitive and lacks on quests but that is because you want more (hopefully we will get a sequel),I recommend to buy this and if you have doubts buy it on sale for 3, 4 euros (1kg of BIO tomatoes)  :D"
,Recommended,256290,18626551,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Godfather,lots of fun :)
,Recommended,256290,18643980,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,zapf,This game is amazing and I love everything about it
76561197970420235,Recommended,256290,18638970,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Cytrix,"Lovely hand-drawn visuals, gorgeous piano based soundtrack and a truely outstanding combat system. This game was totally not what I expected, in a good way. It was genuinely challenging on expert mode, but not rediculously so. It took me about 19 hours to complete the main campaign. Recommended for anyone who fancies something a bit unusual."
76561198006167184,Recommended,256290,18637723,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Cerandal,"One of the most beautiful games I've ever played. As soon as I finished it, I started a second run, and now I'm going for the third. The style is amazing, dialogues rhyme - most of them anyway, and everything is so detailed, you can see they took a lot of care in designing the game. I clearly recommend it as a game everyone should try.Combats are similar to the ones in JRPGs, but are more fluid and entertaining than those you would find in most of the old Final Fantasies, for example. Some fights can get hard, but nothing you can't solve by grinding a bit or changing your equipped oculi.Pros+ Beautiful artwork, great landscape and character design+ Maps full of secrets and details to explore+ Awesome music+ Storyline that refers to fairy tales, with some twists+ Fluid and fast turn-based combat+ Great dialoguesCons- Kinda short, the end came quite fast, it could have benefited from a bit longer storyline"
76561198249725442,Recommended,256290,18657754,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,elpegoso89,"Exelent game. Nothing else to say, just exelent.Well done Ubisoft Motreal"
,Recommended,256290,18595800,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Danakin,A beautiful adventure. It honestly took my breath away.
,Recommended,256290,18672337,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ullr,"Chilld of Light is a wonderful RPG in a traditional Japanese turn based style which features multiple slight variations to the game that bring it just that little extra bit of life.Pros: Wonderfully Designed all throughout whether it be, Story, Characters, Game, Graphics. Everything in this game seems to run flawlessly, Now some people mention the issue with Uplay, which i have had my fair share of harassment from when playing ubishit games, but that is far in away in the back of your mind when playing this game.Cons: IT IS UBISHIT, yes you have to deal with the things that come with the horridness that is ubisoft's Uplay. However do not I REPEAT DO NOT simply say im not going to play this game because of uplay, it is 110% worth the time and money investment on such a wonderful game and story.Conclusion/TLDR: The game is a wonderfully balanced JRPG with many different aspects that set it out from the rest, the graphics are simply divine, the Gameplay doesnt get stale, the difficulty is just right imo, and Uplay doesnt completely♥♥♥♥♥♥on it for once. however do prepare for some heavy rhyming because they do not stop rhyming in the game. TBH though i would reccommend playing this game all the way through in one sitting. I think it is worth the full days time investment on a sunday to do just that. It really immerses you into the story and that way you dont get lost after leaving it for a few days."
76561198154411389,Recommended,256290,18669627,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Whitelock,"Great RPG game. It's short, but it's definitely enough to spend time on something else if you are bored with any games you currently have."
76561198043168588,Recommended,256290,14729199,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,neonwhite900,Those who know me know I don't like RPG's. But this game cherrypicks the things I mostly liked from the few I've played compared to the things that I don't like. That combined with the polished combat and beautiful art that looks like it was taken right from a children's book give me a feel of melancholy that is hard to describe. It's not very long or as tough as other RPG's so those who want a fight may want to look else were. But for people like me who never really got into the RPG craze growing up. This is a prefect starting point.
,Recommended,256290,18667009,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Kittie,"Nice game, like the story."
,Recommended,256290,18630429,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,osricen,An artistically (image and sound) impressive game with adictive gameplay and a simple and very well told story.
,Recommended,256290,18656259,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,SUPER SALTY Bartjuh60,"A realy nice game with lots of depth! It's fun to explore the big world and it rewards you if you explore with mini-boss fights, items and by doing sidequests you get extra caracters to play with! I have played it with lots of fun and I will keep on playing it!"
76561198132699386,Recommended,256290,18731232,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Cebolinho つ◕_◕ つ,"hermoso juego tipo rpg que describire a continuacion:--pro:.exelente historia, con vuelcos argumentales inesperados..banda sonora muy detallada..escenografia muy elaborada y vistosa..personajes con personalidades remarcadas y carismaticos.elaborado sistema de batalla con ramas de personalisacion de habilidades.--contras:.puede ser algo corto si se compara con otros..ausencia de misiones extras que complementen la historia..tener que crear una cuenta en ubisoft, pero tampoco es tan grave.. SPOILER!!:cuando eres separado de tus demas compañeros en especial de igniculus, pudieron haber hecho esa parte mas larga, para remarcar los momento sin tus compañeros y cuan dificil	 es el juego sin ellos.en definitiva si ves este juego de oferta o en packs compralo, no lo lamentaras ni un poco"
,Recommended,256290,18725398,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,DeadlySage,"amazing game , incredible story i started playing the game i was a bit confused of the game but 10 mins in i was enjoying the graphics, the amazing story and incredible fighting system that keep me playing for hours. i say buy this game it is worth your money and i promise you will not be able to stop playing :)"
,Recommended,256290,18721887,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ＮＥＶ７Ｌ,I love this game! 10/10. I wish Ubisoft would make more of these masterpieces
76561198034341996,Recommended,256290,18721929,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,leftystrikesback,"Very fun lighthearted game. Great art. Surprisingly deep turn-based combat which is just the right ammount of challenge at the higher difficulty. I deffinitely died a few times on boss encounters and higher level non-boss fights when the enemies had a tricky combination of skills.The rhyming is a bit gimmicky, but makes the game unique and fits the with the charm of the game.The companions are all useful in their own way, and once you get the hang of them you'll be swapping them all in and out in nearly every fight to get the right set of skill combos.Well made game. Not super long, but deffinitely not short and deffinitely worth the money."
76561197985396953,Recommended,256290,18781250,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Trog,"Undoubtedly the most intricate art style of any game i've played. This is a real gem. I don't understand why it hasn't scored higher in reviews. Yes the rhyming throughout the whole game is kind of tedious, but the game is told under the premise of a bedtime story. The battle system is simple yet challenging. There is a good enough degree of depth in the RPG elements and the game zips along at a great pace. Quite long for an indie title too. One of my new favourite RPGs."
,Recommended,256290,18783536,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,AdaLucinda,Pretttyyyyy
,Recommended,256290,18565388,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,JackDaite,"Beautiful art and history, simple yet very enjoyable gameplay and incredible OST. A game I have fall in love with, and one of my top games now."
,Recommended,256290,15509143,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,hapisony,Really great game. ♥ Never lets me down.
,Recommended,256290,15510567,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,QuantumManiac ♄,"Is a REALLY good game it has the basics of any RPG but better with unique characters and skills, great story AMAZING art work and really fun"
76561198052679755,Recommended,256290,15363404,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,erevoklis,"Cute game. Nice artwork, cute story. Good for people with nostalgia. Some people are irritated by the writing in verses. The game get's a bit boring within the last hours. Not Great not Bad. Just cute and a nice way to spend some hours. Worth a buy in sales. 7/10"
,Recommended,256290,15449079,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,NuttyNuti,"This was a lovely little gem of a game! It was like reading an hand-illustrated children's fairy tale book, and the music was awesomepic. The combat mechanics were simple yet interesting as it basically centered around timing attacks correctly to cancel the enemy attacks. It offered a fascinating piece of mental chess. I played this with lower difficulty level because challenge wasn't what I seeked, and I enjoyed the ride. (I read elsewhere in the Net that the greater difficulty level isn't really big, either.)The only notably frustrating part in the game was distances and difficulty to remember where was the place you earlier visited and then you need to visit again. Frankly, when finishing some quests, I wanted to use Internet sources to find the earlier found target again rather than to turn the whole area upside down. (Hint: Later in the game, Aurora darts forward faster by pressing spacebar, and she can drop onto the platform below her by s+spacebar. I realized these really late.)I recommend this to those people who want to enjoy a pretty game and chill with children book nostalgy!"
76561198108401203,Recommended,256290,15605808,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,J. Stonty Zcuflestein,"This game is BEAUTIFUL. It truly is no wonder why people consider one of the best games of 2014. With a very unique art style, captivating music, a solid story and great battle mechanics, all I can say is that you should get this game. It's only $15, so you have no excuse."
,Recommended,256290,15608023,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Red Light,watarcolor look alike graphic i like it nice game! nice atmosphere
76561198023046368,Recommended,256290,15559529,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Polarbearhappy,This is a great game. Beautiful art style and a great sound track.The game is worth your money as it took me 10 hours to complete.
,Recommended,256290,15562297,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Müriel,"if you want a 2d, you need to play child of light"
,Recommended,256290,15566436,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Zeedware,"I cannot find the correct word to describe this game. It's more than amazing.I would give 10/10 only for the aesthetics. Amazing art, music, and animation, it's blending very well with the fairy tale theme.The story is good, but a little bit cliche, though maybe it's a good match with the fairy tale theme. But adding some depth on the characters would help a lot.The battle system is really good, though in the late game it's kind of too shallow.So in conclusion10/10 MUST BUY!especially for turn-based fan like me"
,Recommended,256290,15648574,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Neoknight88,"I'm sure everyone has read multiple gripes about uPlay being required to launch Child of Light. At first, I was a little peeved myself. But honestly, it's not that bad. Once I got my credentials stored, I haven't had to see uPlay except for a little blip on the screen that says uPlay. Other than that, it's all in the background, and doesn't affect gameplay at all.On to the game. I'm loving every second of this game. It's not something that I'd usually choose, but I took a look at it and figured, ""What the hell. I'll give it a shot"". And I'm glad I did. A wonderful story all told in rhymes (with the exception of a character or two), beautiful artwork, and easy, comfortable gameplay make this a truly enjoyable experience. I enjoy how things are laid out, for combat, menus, and story progression. And the controller support is well thought out (not that it really needs to be as there are a whopping 8 functions that the controller has to operate). All in all, it's a great game, and a shining example of what Ubisoft can do when they actually FINISH a game before releasing it."
,Recommended,256290,15617748,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,King Vegeta,Ubisoft needs to make more games like this & less oversaturated Assassin's Crap.
,Recommended,256290,15618029,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,reyKarina,I love this game very much! There's so much to explore and the art is just enchanting (•̀o•́)ง
,Recommended,256290,15618372,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Akaze,"Good art, story and battle system. Simple but excelent for it's price."
76561198087648276,Recommended,256290,15618516,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rcf3rcf3,Amazing
,Recommended,256290,15618975,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Duncan Ellis,"Amazing game.  Art is unique and just flows like a cartoon, the music is incredible, and the game play is solid.  This belongs in everyone's library."
,Recommended,256290,15619200,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,AL Fajr-i,"i choose play child of light on steam, because i got on discount sale....Sorry Playstation network !!"
76561198037696460,Recommended,256290,15636607,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Jordz,Just started playing this game. I am finding it refreshing. A game to relax and explore.
,Recommended,256290,15639379,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Syryn,"It is a really beautiful game. I enjoyed the artwork, music, story, and gameplay. I felt like it was a little easy though. I think children would enjoy the game, it is like playing through a storybook."
76561198041273979,Recommended,256290,15601843,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,richman521,"Awesome game!  Very fun to play, gorgeous to look at.  Great for some couch co-op and easing a non-gaming girlfriend into the fold! :)"
,Recommended,256290,15533560,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Werbling,"So I decided that I want to play a different type of game to completion. This was probably an error. Not that this isn't a great game, because honestly it's a beautiful game that is pretty well excuted at what it attempts to do. However the thing that got me with this game is the ""New Game+"" option. So you finishing the game, experiencing a great and somewhat moving story, and you really feel like the game wraps up well, then just to clean up after myself and complete the game. However this isn't the case, they offer you a ""New Game+"" which really doesn't offer anything new but higher level enemies and a greater challange as the game buts it, but this isn't the case. The game gets easier as you understand the mechanics and the enimies more, and I died alot less playing on hard on New+ then I did on hard on normal game. The only thing New+ really has to offer is a shifting meta in which dealing damage is alot more important then staying alive. Sadly, doing the second run through has no purpose other than prolonging the game due to there being only one ending.However that said, is it enjoyable the first time around, and I would recommend it because it is a good game that is mostly enjoyable. Completion isn't worth it though."
,Recommended,256290,17186969,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,B2H,"Beautiful game, but seriously though.. Fv<k uPlay (ubisoft).9/10"
,Recommended,256290,19932191,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,reedoo,"The game is beautiful - both in it's art, style, writing and characters. I wanted to reach the end of the game still feeling that adoration but I did not. Level design and playability got fairly repetative, and then I went down a corridor and trigger a runaway train through several bosses and the end of the game. From a breezy slow pace it was whambamgetoutmam. I feel like the game designers at some point gave up, and wrapped the game up in a rush.It is a great game, and I did enjoy it immensley - I was just saddened by a seemingly lost bit of magical potential there."
76561198141822912,Recommended,256290,19936004,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,EverlastingD,"Despite Ubisoft's UPlay dying on me several times combined with occasional lag problems, the game itself is great.Its unique dialogues (rhymes) within a fairy tale setting and wonderful music make the game stand out among RPGs. Defintely recommended."
,Recommended,256290,19816655,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Skyy,Not as good as paper mario.
76561198157910835,Recommended,256290,19850381,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Smash videogames,SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!!
,Recommended,256290,19832465,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,brhabel,This game is very good!!!
76561197985261324,Recommended,256290,19829887,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Gabou (Psycho),Very good game
76561198103286574,Recommended,256290,19830067,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Drazihnya,"Beautiful artwork, simple and easy mechanics, fairytail-like story and atmosphere, approx. 9-11 hours of gameplay :)"
,Recommended,256290,19788337,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,FreakkyDash,"A beautiful game, satisfying gameplay (cool combat system), wonderful soundtrack, has unique feeling to it. I thoroughly enjoyed this game.The only downside would be Uplay, a little nuisance in my opinion."
,Recommended,256290,19800593,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,juunishi master,"I finished this game today.It's not just beautiful art. The battle system is great. The soundtrack, especially the boss battle BGM, still playing inside my head. And the writing! The dialogue! It rhymes!At first, I thought it's odd how the developer put the dialogue between the characters. But then I realize: the dialogue rhymes. That's why it arranged that way.I'm thinking to play a bit more just to complete the Confessions. Maybe with the Expert difficulty since I get the grasp of the battle system by now."
,Recommended,256290,16392721,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,rredar,"This is an actual review. I'm not spewing hate about Uplay, I'm reviewing the game.Note to the UbiHaters:If you hate Uplay,check the store before buying.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorIncorporates 3rd-party DRM: UplayIf you're afraid of buggy crashes, buy the game DIRECTLY ON UPLAY. The biggest problem is that there are two DRMs, Uplay and Steam. Ditch Steam for these games if you have a bad history with Uplay crashes.Note that I have more hours than Steam says, as I play a lot offline.StoryI haven't finished the game yet, but it so far the gist of it is in the trailers and description.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorAurora, a young girl from 1895 Austria, awakens on the lost fairytale continent of Lemuria. To return home she must fight against the dark creatures of the Queen of the Night, who have stolen the sun, the moon and the stars. At stake is not only Lemuria, but Aurora’s true destiny.8/10GameplayThis game is probably best described as an RPG-Platformer. It's a 2D side view, and how you approach enemies affects combat, so there's a bit of timing involved. (When you approach them from behind you get a ""superise strike""). The combat is time-line style. Overall, it's a pretty generic RPG.9/10Time/Lasting AppealIt hasn't lost it's appeal as long as I've been playing. Note that I have more hours than Steam says, as I play a lot offline.VisualsThe art style is really nice, which you can see from the photos on the store page. Things appear to be hand-drawn.8/10SoundNice sound effects, and the narration is done well.8/10Overall8.5/10"
76561197990015394,Recommended,256290,19969522,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sonbae Is Here,"One of the most beautiful JRPG games I've ever played.I can't reiterate how beautiful this game is, because it really is!But don't let that overlook how smooth and well written the combat is too,I would recommend this game to everyone!"
76561198028965160,Recommended,256290,19983650,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,GeneralNerd,"Beautiful game.Ending comes a bit abruptly for my tastes, but it's a satisfying RPG experience."
76561198006657755,Recommended,256290,19856881,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Jackyboy,This just proves it. You can actually fall in love with a video game.
76561198064418028,Recommended,256290,20126547,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,♡Jess♡,This game is a work of art. So beautiful
76561198129814189,Recommended,256290,16458879,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Chrydin,"Ubisoft never dissapoints me with music, and art.However...+MusicArt-Battle isnt so fun? Can get repetitive... but it depends on users.Uplay"
,Recommended,256290,20055878,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,InaudibleMadness,Great Game.
,Recommended,256290,20223859,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,maiktheknife,"great game, gorgeous visuals, lovely soundtrack"
76561197977990432,Recommended,256290,20215118,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Shit Happens  [AUT],a very beautiyfull story and nice gameplay with level and skills
76561197994451824,Recommended,256290,20244045,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Home Erectus,"This game is VERY good.  The art direction is fantastic, and everything in it is beautiful the writing is superb and the characters cute and funny.  It's like playing in a fairy tale !The JRPG mechanics are well simple and well though out and you can even play with a friend who will move your lightbug partner to help you out.As of my two first hours of play I'm flabergasted by the amount of charm this game has.  Even just to see how nice it is, grab it.  I just saw it under 5 bucks today.  I highly recommend it if you like light adventure games, really nice looking games or jrpgs."
,Recommended,256290,20526395,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,slavesword,truly enjoyed it
76561198260116098,Recommended,256290,20483393,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,randomize,"Aside from its sword-wielding female protagonist, the story of this game isn't particularly creative. It's basically a turn-based fairy tale RPG. I also don't see the point of the coop mode, since the second character is pretty much passive 90% of the time.However, the scenery and soundtrack definitely make up for those shortcomings - this is the perfect game if you want to chill while looking at beautiful art."
,Recommended,256290,20488150,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Prince-Of_Darkness,"Woha such quality game deserves love, The second i started playing i was blown by its art style.GRAPHICS > Quality art styleGAMEPLAY> 10/10MUSIC AND FX> 9/10"
,Recommended,256290,20499707,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,VivaU,"Finished the story in 9 hours.It was a very good experience.I really liked all characters and dialogues.Artwork is nice.Story is like fairytale and well written.Gameplay was good and easy to learn on casual.Soundtrack is relaxing and enjoyable.Game requires uPlay but I didn't encounter a problem in my playtime.Overall, I like the game a lot and recommend it to everyone.It's worth to play."
76561198056620099,Recommended,256290,20426642,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Captain Cummerbund,"If you've looked at the videos/screenshots above, then you're already familiar with the game's strongest selling point - it's graphics, and the atmosphere it crafts. Some other thoughts on the game:+/- Challenging, but not difficult.+ Engaging battles - it is turn based, but at the same time you have to make lots of decisions in real time. In essence, you need to be quite active while ""waiting"" for your turn: the game implements an interrupt mechanism, as well as control on how to pace the battle, and trade offs on whether or not to impose this control. Very fun.+ Nice versatility when it comes to customizing your character build on level up.+ The game is relatively quick and has a nice pacing to it. At no point does it feel bogged down in grinding, or pointless side quests.- The game advertises that you can hook up a second controller, but the range of things that a buddy can do is  very limited and very heavy on support. I doubt this is much fun.- ""Puzzles"" are solvable by grade schoolers. When will they make a game that doesn't take for granted the intelligence of their audience??+/- The mythology is deliberately and poetically vague. Some people find this frustrating, but I find it refreshing to not have everything spelled out.+/- Finally, this is about the most melancholic coming-of-age RPG there is. At one point you meet a jester named Tristus with tears streaming down its face, for goodness sake.9/10, and absolutely worth the price anytime you can get this game during a Steam sale."
,Recommended,256290,20439195,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,8BitBird,"This is the most beautiful game I've ever played. The characters speak in poetry, straight out of a Shakespearean play, but that doesn't make it hard to understand. The watercolor-esque art style is wonderful for this game, and the bosses were moderately challenging for me. There's a fair number of side quests as well, and exploration is encouraged, as well as leveling up. The firefly is a neat companion to have, akin to Navi, but less annoying. I haven't finished it, but if I have any qualms (Which I most likely won't.) I'll be sure to update."
,Recommended,256290,20493021,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,lolothetree,10/10 awesome
,Recommended,256290,20451884,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,shankypants,"Child of Light is a masterpiece. The beautiful landsapes of lemuria,the rhyming sentences, and a score that gives you goosebumps."
76561198047054822,Recommended,256290,20704986,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Breskvica,"Awesome artwork and story, however the gameplay isn't something I would rate high.Nevertheless I keep coming back to this game.Would recommend to buy it, but only when it's on sale. Not worth 15e  imo."
76561198041953003,Recommended,256290,20682504,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,boneclown,"Game is short, but story is exelent, as is music. Gameplay is good enought."
76561198159558772,Recommended,256290,20687791,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ShadowStorm941,"Child of Light is very refreshing for a platform/turn based games, I found it fun and enjoyable to play in the evenings after work.Aurora is a fiesty girl yet charming girl, making friends along the way and changing the dynamics of each fight. You can make different tatics/combos using the variety of characters :DI only wish they allowed more characters to fight at once and made the puzzles in the game a little more challenging. It would be a great game for budding young gamers as the story is imaginative and captivating. I wish there were more bedtime stories like this."
76561198122070650,Recommended,256290,20567651,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Drycan_DarkWing,"I wish i could play the game! it was really pretty and actually had a story line, but it wont even open. I click it, then click play, and the key comes up, so i press play, and it just closes as if I had pressed cancel! I dont know weather to reccomend it or not because its probably an easy fix, and its a good game, but it wont even open without having to google how the hell it works."
76561198021248753,Recommended,256290,20588993,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MrStinky,"Fantastic game.  The art and music are incredible.  I'm glad ubisoft allowed a project like this to be made.  Were it not for uPlay, the review scores should be significantly higher.  How unfortunate because this game needs to shine and succeed.  I advise reviewers to judge the game based on the game itself and not let uPlay distort it.  I hate uplay with a passion, but please help a small underdog like this, negative reviews because of uplay is grossly unfair and will only can future products that require risks."
,Recommended,256290,20595772,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Yokoboo,"A decent 2D RPG that remains challenging and requires strategy even after beating it the first time.  I suggest playing with a controller, as (for me) playing with a keyboard and mouse was just rather unwieldy and slow.I quite like that the game gives you the option between playing specifically for the narrative and playing in a more challenging combat mode.  And the option to give yourself an edge in every encounter (excluding bosses and two surprise encounters on a quest) is something I was pleasantly surprised at.  It was really nice that you also don't HAVE to fight every enemy you come across, which makes going back to other areas for a minor thing much easier.  Ignacius having a more prominent role that functions in and out of combat was really nice too.  Crafting is straight forward and simple- I literally explained it to a friend in a few short paragraphs.The only things I dislike about the game (and they're REALLY small) is that I would prefer if reward drops (specifically occuli and health potions) happened just a smidge more often/in more abundance the second time through.  I feel like the type and amount of rewards are pretty much the same for going through and fighting these monsters again at higher levels- which when you realize that some of these monsters have revives and thoroughly hand your butt to you as you try to figure out a strategy that works for you to beat them- it just doesn't seem like the rewards have risen with the risks?  Anyway- again it's a seriously small critique and doesn't impact game play/enjoyment- just part of what makes it challenging (to me in any case)."
76561198142477706,Recommended,256290,20588295,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kyaaa~ ( ⁰д⁰),"nice game, nice gameplay, nice art"
,Not Recommended,256290,20579372,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,nkorth,"It's a beautiful game, but the gameplay and story so far are pretty unremarkable. The dialogue is mostly in rhyme, which I find somewhat irritating because it's not done very well. Also, Uplay is very annoying."
,Recommended,256290,20572372,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,sidewalk ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Graphics, Conversations, poems, are beyond beautiful. Battle system is at its finest with creative ways of skills and abilities. Plot of characters is done creatively and carefully, and I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,256290,20576285,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Cthulhu's PR Representative,"Absolutely beautiful game, really enjoyed it."
76561198002125603,Recommended,256290,20586818,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ÆRIK,Great game.
,Recommended,256290,20568247,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Freddy,Loved it!
,Recommended,256290,13903078,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Takalol,"A masterpiece of art, but just a average game as it is. This game draws from JRPGs such as Chrono Trigger and Grandia (or Grandia 2?), feels very Zeldaesque on some parts, looks a bit like Aquaria on other ones, and has western fairytales as a model on how the story unfolds.This game has an epic Pan's Labyrinth feeling to it, looking like a dark fairytale as its story unfolds with magnificent visuals and a fitting soundtrack.The story has a nice sense of progression, you feel the progress and feel rewarded as you play through the game.It feels unique, the game seems handpainted all over it, including the 3D models, the movement and animations are perfect, you feel the innocence and the fragility of the character on the first instants of the game, you feel the weight of the sword on her hands and you feel like some dark places are really creepy and ominous.The soundtrack that accompanies the game is pretty well executed, it's not the best around, but its still fitting through the entire game and adds to the fairytale feeling of the whole experience.While the whole game feels astonishingly beautiful, what really inspired me to review it were the dialogues, all of them were written in prose, the whole narrative is driven by rhymes and poems sang by the characters while they venture Lemuria. Some simple lines are written so well that you'll be recalling them for days, and still feel glad to have experienced this game.This game as a work of arts, visuals, sounds and story are 10/10. A masterpiece.Now onto the ""game"" part of it, the mechanics are simple tight about JRPG that everyone knows well, feels a bit like the old Grandia 2 from PSX with a hint of Chrono Trigger on how you engage into fights, for the whole game you'll be going through simple Trine/Zelda puzzles while fighting (or not) mobs of the darkness, character customization comes from gems that you get while fighting mobs or finding treasures and through a simple skill system that looks a lot like Far Cry 3's. Too bad that some skills are almost mandatory for you to play through some parts of the game when playing on Hard, and that makes grinding a bit of a must if you chose the wrong skills early on. Fighting are simple enough to easily grasp onto them, but complex enough  so that if you want to play it well, you need to master every tiny bit of the fighting mechanics. The game is pretty linear as a whole, you don't get much to do on the side of the main story, and while all of the monsters are avoidable, fighting them is almost always a win-win on the grinding part, you level easily and fastly so that the whole grinding thing is less of a burden. As a game, without counting the masterfully done art, I'd rate it 7/10... It's just that nothing is really okay at all, but it's not bad, just feels flawed at times.Final Verdict : Play it. It's really good."
,Recommended,256290,13889508,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Afinn,I can't say anything bad about this game. The art is beautiful and the gameplay is good and you don't need a powerful computer to run it. I highly recommend this game for people who want something just to play around with when you're feeling a bit lazy : 3
76561198084657727,Recommended,256290,13922456,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Celtic Steel,"Before I begin this review proper, let me just say that tears and emo songs about Uplay are complete gash.  Uplay installs itself, you change the settings to always offline, and you never have to worry about it again.  All it means is you have one more click on one more menu than most steam games.  I understand you may not want Uplay, but lets not go overboard with the thing.I've only been playing for about an hour or so, but I am already in love with this game.  Child of Light is a very special game, one which provides a different experience from almost any RPG I have played.  It is similar to the Valkyrie Profile games in that it combines 2d platforming and turn-based JRPG style battles.  On the surface, its a simple game with simple but fun puzzles and simple but fun combat.However, at heart, this is a fabulous, storybook style experience with some amazing fairytale style artwork, gorgeous presentation and some of the best sound I've heard from a game in a long time.  The visiuals really stunned me as I guided Aurora through a hand-painted magical land, and the creative use of melancholic music reawakened the inner child in me.  The sound effects, from the pitter patter of Aurora's feet to the roars of monnsters and ghouls really brings the story to life.  And, to top it off, the dialogue is all presented in rthyme!Like I said, it is a simple but enjoyable game on the surface, but at heart it's a gripping fairytale adventure. Child of Light is more about experiencing the world and the story than the game play mechanics (which are fine, it must be said).  I don't really feel like I'm gaming when I boot this up; I feel more like I'm reading Wind in the Willows or something.  Overall, I'm having a blast playing this, and expect to enjoy it until its end."
,Recommended,256290,13923015,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,DigitalSoSaltyFrog,Everything about this game is amazing!-Graphics stunning-music beautiful-Combat simple yet DeepIt almost makes up for DRM uplay... well not really.Still can't believe that this game is made by ubisoft.
,Recommended,256290,13852255,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Zen,"Unexpectedly one of my favorite rpg games. Was not a fan of grinding and crafting, but this game had just the right pace to keep things fresh and going with quests and plenty to explore. The graphics are stunning mostly because of the fluid animations and beautiful water-colored world. The music is serene and relaxing. When it comes to boss battles, the music gets epic with the whole orchestra and choir playing in the background as you fight. The one thing I did not like was the story between the middle and the end. Not much happened and everything that led towards the end happens so quickly. Other than that, Child of Light is an amazing game and work of art."
76561197990663492,Recommended,256290,13855665,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,BoyToy,10/10
,Recommended,256290,13858955,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Slulldom,"That finall boss though. For most of the game I figured that I was overleveling because I beat each boss without much difficulty. But the finall boss really puts you to the test, as I had to swap out the characters quite alot since they died so much. The finall boss also really uses interuptions to its advantage, making a satifying victory."
76561198089074781,Recommended,256290,13835040,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Meriadoc,"Really nice story and way of telling it. A bit repetitive for the combat system, i found that some character are just useless in combat, but maybe it is just me. Amazing graphics. In brief, nice graphics, nice story and nice gameblay, but a bit repetitive."
76561198080544721,Recommended,256290,13836187,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,vanzee66,A wonderfully executed RPG that is genuinely fun to play and explore.
76561198048037647,Recommended,256290,13841904,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Stingy McDuck,"A beautiful game you should try. Don't compare it to classic JRPGs because you won't feel satisfied, try to judge it by it's own merits.The art is beautiful, it has many characters that are interesting to look at (design-wise my favorites where Norah, Gen and of course Aurora).  The animations feels a little cheap at times, everything is tweened, but I suppose you can expect that from a budget game.The music is great, it's very melancholic and fits the tone of the game just fine.The combat system is entertaining and that's means a lot coming from someone who doesn't really like turn-based games that much. It's easy to understand and you have a great time planning your attacks on the go.The story is quite interesting (even if very simple). By the end I was rushing trough the battles so I could see what happened next.I spent 15 hours in this game and I really can't understand how some people beat it in much less time. I played it in Casual difficulty, I only lost like 3 battles and completed almost every sidequest, so it was a very regular play through and still it took me some time.This game is an interesting experience, and if you are into this kind of game you're gonna love it. I hope this review helps you decide into buying this game, I know I'm not the only one who loved it."
,Recommended,256290,11091428,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,cat-scratches,"Child of Light is a fairly easy turn based game. The story follows Aurora after she has fallen ill and wakes up in a strange land. Aurora picks up a couple of comrades on the way, each with their own main purpose, to create an interacting party. The one thing I would change about this game is the sounds and timing. The attacks and the sound effects were not insync and the timing was always off by a few seconds. If they fixed that in the future, the moves and attacks would look better. Overall I loved this game and the story always drew me in. I'd recomend anyone who loves fairy tales and quest games to play this."
,Recommended,256290,13795735,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,salxicha,"Boring but with great art - 5.5 / 10I'm disappointed with the game in several aspects:- It is too causual for ""tactics"" and it's mechanics are not fun to play- History start interesting but lacks on lore and content for someone to care or remember- I'm an OST collector and was expecting a great soundtrack but they were kinda lazy and used just a few melodies around the main theme during all game long. I found ot this one to become very annoying after Chapter 4The one thing great about this game is the art, It remembered me about Okami in many ways.I believe this game is worth if you get it by around $ 10."
,Recommended,256290,13871198,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Joeyfield,"I found this game when somebody else was playing.   When I first saw Child of Light in all its art, music, and gameplay, I decided to try playing once winter came around.  (I also played because I couldn't stand the sight of the person playing messing up certain actions.)  In terms of gameplay, I had a hard time running combat when I put it anywhere above the minimum window size.  It's a very easy turn-by-turn combat game, and putting it on hard difficulty took about 20 hours to beat.  I really enjoyed playing this."
76561198081675887,Recommended,256290,13859931,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Castawaye,"Child of Light comes off as a very, ""strange"" game at first. Once we enter the world of Lemuria, we are burdened with the task of finding the Stars, Moon, and Sun. We must traverse to the highest of the high and the lowest of the low, and some may ask, why? And just like any good old children's fairytale, we must do it in order to smite that which is evil, to see to it that justice will prevail. To smite the plague that is looming over Lemuria. And some of you at this point may ask, who are we? In our past lives we were a princess, a daughter of a king long past his time. And in our past lives, we were precarious and just like any loving daughter, we clung to our mother. So why is it that we must traverse the dangerous soils of Lemuria? To reclaim that which has been stolen? To prove to our predecessors that we can prevail the dark? Or is it because we are doing this solely for the sake of our own desires? To see our beloved father once again? As we traverse the lands of Lemuria, we are burdened with these questions, or at least some of you may be.  And, it's a good thing to ask these questions. To some, this may be a simple story of morality, a simple choice of good and evil, but one has to stop and ask; why are we doing all of this?So, as you have guessed, that was my way of handing down the story from one person to another. In a way, a game like Child Of Light, is very much story based as it is combat based, so of course having a good story is very welcome.  Some may find it bland, but others, like myself, may find its simplicity perfect.  And it really is. The way I put it may have sugar coated some parts, and may have extended on some other meanings, but to boil it down, it really is just like a fairytale. It's something mystical and Child of Light is just that. A journey filled with mysticism.Like I said, Child of Light is one part story, but also one part combat. The combat system is something akin to old style RPG's, in which, once your turn queue is up, you will be able to go through a number of options such as attacking, defending, or using an item.  But, Child of Light gives it a little twist. The combat system revolves mainly around a small time gauge at the bottom of your screen. Characters will have to move to the end of the gauge before they can initiate any moves. But if they are interpreted by enemies that are faster than them, then they will be kicked back on the gauge, and have their move cancelled. This mechanic can also work against enemies, effectively creating a way for players to strategically plan out their moves so that they can interrupt their enemies and keep up an onslaught of moves. Later on, things get more complicated as interrupting may actually work against you due to enemies possessing counter abilities , but that's for later in the game. To summarize, the core of the combat is pretty much a gauge based RPG.With both of these elements converging and creating a package known as Child of Light, one may ask, haven't I forgotten a key aspect? And I have, and that is, music. The music at times, helped create a sense of tension, sadness, and excitement. In battle and story wise, each musical piece that was played was played in conjunction to what was happening on screen. Every piece helped add on to the mood, and every piece was very well made. In times of despair, all we really need, is for a calm and soothing tune to settle our dread. And with every triumph, there must have been an epic to follow. Child of Light brings these elements and many more to life with its well crafted music.Over all, Child of Light is a well made game, and despite it not being perfect or majorly impressing me, I still had a ton of fun travelling Lemuria along with the companions that decided to join me."
76561198004506729,Recommended,256290,13872940,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,kris,"This game was amazing. The soundtrack, artwork, storyline, and combat system were all great."
,Recommended,256290,13859655,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,b4us,"The sheer creativity in this game is jaw-droppingly amazing. The fact that the entire game is presented in rhyme is utterly incredible! Not to mention the protagonists all have such cute personalities! The only complaint I had about this game was that it got a bit redundant at times, but that's to be expected of an RPG/Platformer."
,Recommended,256290,13873981,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,burgien,Took about 11 hours to complete and loved every minute. The art and animation for sure are just awesome to behold. Sometimes artsy games aren't necessarily fun but I enjoyed the Final Fantasy Xish battle engine (though I'm torn on the wisp mechanics) and puzzles. The story was fun and safe for kids to enjoy. Fully recommend to anyone that likes RPGs.
76561198063206429,Recommended,256290,20528695,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,zafirmei,"Child of Light is a melancholic tale with gorgeous art and wonderful music. The characters are loveable, the story bittersweet and the battle system simple yet effective. It is not a demanding game but very immersive. I would defintely recommend this if you read books to disappear into another world, this game needs to be enjoyed."
76561198005768523,Recommended,256290,20548772,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Biño,"This game is like a melancholic fairytale with a wonderful story and charm. A truly wonderful role-playing experience where the incredible artstyle and the fact that every dialogue is rhymed by the characters makes it really unique. Throw in a grandia styled battle system where you can strategically delay enemy actions by attacking while they're winding up an attack and where you can use a fairy to either heal your own party members or slow enemy actions down and you have some real strategic encounters.On the other hand the game can get a bit repetitive because of three things that add up:- The character customisation is pretty simple with a short list of spells/actions and equippable items.- The rhyming, while amazingly well thought out in most areas, can easily get on your nerves in others.- The soundtrack, while hauntingly beautiful, consists of very few tracks.Overall I absolutely enjoyed my time with this game and would really recommend it to anyone. It could be a great entry point for people new to the jrpg-genre and certainly was worth my time as well"
76561198077908828,Recommended,256290,20505129,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,aygoystinosxz,"It is am amazing game with a first playthrough around 10+ hours with amazing graphics and cool story the only drawback for me is the rush of the story at the end so I give it 8,5/10"
76561198052379109,Not Recommended,256290,20759957,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Sly1981,"I'm sure it's a great game if I could ever play it. As it is now, sorry nope."
76561198191920438,Recommended,256290,20741998,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Koshouron,Awesome illustration and soundtrack
76561197972330140,Not Recommended,256290,20717384,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,HeavyMettle,"Well, as of right now I literally cannot even boot up that game because Uplay says it has an error and cannot connect. I guess it is hard to connect those single player RPG titles to your super s***** DRM app. I am upset at myself for not noticing it required Uplay...I am excited for the game and have full confidence it is a solid title but I can't recommend anything that requires Uplay and almost anything on Origin."
76561198020584337,Not Recommended,256290,20757614,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Mu Shu Fasa,Game looks great but the steam version doesn't work.
,Recommended,256290,20754293,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,areywings,"Most beautiful game ever. Loved the mechanichs and the graphics. The music is also tremendously beautiful. Too bad it's quite short, or maybe because I was too hooked up to stop playing it xD"
,Recommended,256290,20741218,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Britneon,Very fun cute game
,Recommended,256290,20830945,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Krishna_,"a very good game, I really enjoy it"
76561198055925980,Recommended,256290,20837273,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Whois67,"Even after 100% and NG+, I cant stop playing this.Pros:- Lovely Soundtrack- nice comiclike graphic- well designed combat system- NG+ to test your inner PrincessCons:- uPlay (meh)"
76561198002167986,Recommended,256290,20836112,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,SasqRutts,"I didn't play this. Bought it for my Mrs who then stole my computer for the duration of the game.From what I saw it's your standard turn based RPG with a wide amount of characters and a beautiful art style. The biggest issue I can see is that all of the dialogue was in some rhyming line format that I can only imagine got very tedious very quickly.I'm going to recommend it simply on the art style because from what I saw it was really well made. I've forewarned you on the writing style so you can't blame me for that. If the better half can remember this, or more importantly if I remember to ask, I'll see if she's willing to add anything to this review."
,Recommended,256290,20735134,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Gz│Kitton,Excellent little platformer/rpg. worth the money for the story and unique gameplay.
76561198116452875,Recommended,256290,21437076,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Khemystrii,"I will keep this brief.This game is beautiful. For those who have ever enjoyed an RPG, I recommend this game.While it is fairly simple (even on the hardest difficulty) and not complex at all, it distinguishes itself from other RPGs with its dialogue, which is all done in rhyming patterns. All of the dialogue is well-written in this style, and often left me with a smile throughout the game. The watercolor art style is a welcome deviation from other games with no distinct style. The most notable aspect of this game for me was the soundtrack. I have never really payed attention to a soundtrack while playing a game, but this soundtrack drew me in before I even realized it. At times, I found myself focusing on the music more than the gameplay.Like I said, this game is quite simple. Any experienced RPG player will navigate through the menus and leveling system with ease. The game's simplicity I do not find as a fault, though. When I recently started to play this, all I wanted was a simple turn-based RPG to play.I found more."
,Recommended,256290,21435979,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,MX OneFive,"An interesting mix of genres, basically a Metroidvania-style platform expedition but with all combat done in JRPG-style timebased fashion.The story is cute, engaging, well-written, and avoids the cliche. Also its rhyming prose scheme gives it some originality and a semblance to nursery stories, which I think is the intent. The associated voice-acting is also well done.I got a decent amount of playtime from it in one playthrough for the price paid, and it may have some replay value if you are a completionist type or just want to see different skill builds in action."
76561198084567849,Recommended,256290,21358519,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,MkWwWut,"Love the soundtrack , love the story , love everything in this gave.This game is awesome"
,Recommended,256290,21352338,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,mar_1838,"Spectacular game! Plays more life an artistic story puzzle than an RPG. Everything - artwork, music, plot, dialogue - was gorgeous. Relatively easy to play. I finished in ~18 hours at a casual pace."
76561198091435835,Recommended,256290,21353544,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,MagicSaus,Would not play on computer. Perhaps it's my comps fault but i am able to play every other game just fine.... What REALLY stinks is that i bought this game before i even had a computer and after all these years of waiting to play it nothing starts. This is my second time trying to play it. The first time nothing would save..... BUT WHATEVER THIS GAME IS STILL GOOD im just really miffed.
76561198152999401,Recommended,256290,21425137,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,kurang piknik,"gameplay : good, but make me looks dumbcharacter : MC is not atractive enough to be a jail-bait materialstory : okaygraphic ; admire-ablemusic : gold, pure 24 karat gold.conclusion : this game is brighter than my future"
76561198072968225,Recommended,256290,21355868,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Jack Moschet,"Great music, great watercolor art and fun battle style. I wish the game was a little longer, though. I can't wait for a sequel."
76561198273492540,Recommended,256290,21380327,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Preost,great game. One of my favs. Amazing and unique graphix. Wish they'd make more like this
,Recommended,256290,18641568,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,"Sion ""Raz"" Robert","Maybe againHe will be aloneGuess we're equally damagedFind your nameDo it all the same equallySignal when you can't breathe no moreSay you were meThen you could see the viewYou'll know we are equally damagedDon't be a fool, make it easierYou'll learn to say whenSignal if you can't say, ""no more""Don't cross your fingerSundays will never changeThey keep on comingYou'll be a freakAnd I'll keep you company..."
,Recommended,256290,21378402,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Zephyr,"I love it!  The art is beautiful and the story is good.  I just wished the creators would have taken extra time to completely finish the game.  I would have loved to wait a few more months and have the whole game, but this is good as is."
76561198223108108,Recommended,256290,21371671,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,breemaurer,"I can't tell you how much I love this game. From the second the main menu opened, somehow I knew I would fall in love with it. The music, the animation, the story, every little detail adds up to create a masterpiece. It's simply beautiful. The only thing I'm disappointed about is that the soundtrack isn't available to purchase along with the game. If anybody is interested, the soundtrack is for sale on the composer's website here:http://musique.coeurdepirate.com/album/child-of-light"
76561197995285816,Not Recommended,256290,21353816,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,CGamer,"- I click 'Play'.- Uplay boots up (""Oh god no. Why don't those games come with a warning label?"")- Steam was apparently not allowed to patch the game. A Uplay patcher starts up.- Uplay patcher is stuck at 0 for several minutes. It fails to download a single byte.- I shut it down and try to start the game again.- Steam can't launch the game - the Uplay processes are still blocking it.- I try to restart Steam.- The processes are blocking Steam from shutting down.- I restart the computer.- I boot up Steam, click play and get the Uplay patcher again.- 30 idle seconds pass... Yay, the patcher starts downloading!- The download stops and progress resets to 0.- Download starts where it left off, then resets 0 speed and progress again. Starts. Stops. Starts. Stops...- Patch finishes downloading, in only twice the time it took Steam to download the entire game.- I have to log into Uplay to play the game. At least I'm already registered.- Uplay user agreement changed. They inform me that I have to accept their changes or my account and its game collection will be deleted.- Uplay asks me whether I want to permanently link it with Steam, making it boot up every time I start Steam. I decline.- Uplay demands the CD-key that was shown to me 20 minutes ago when I first clicked play and chose never to show it again. I dig up the CD-key and input it.- I click play.- The game spends 20 seconds booting up Uplay and making sure it can find a connection to Ubisoft servers before allowing the Steam game to start as normal. (this repeats every time I have to boot up the game)- I am now able to play the game.Pros:- Game seems nice. I *want* to support the developers.Cons:- Pretty sure I would have gotten a better product if I had not chosen to go the legal way.- Took 20 minutes of effort to start, after the game was already fully installed in Steam.- I have no clue what will happen if Uplay disconnects. Past experience tells me it's likely to shut down my game without saving and that I will be unable to continue playing until the servers start working again."
76561198053917865,Recommended,256290,21354448,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,BaconWrap,"Love the art style, music, and dialogues. Perfect for some nice and relaxing time after a long day.UPlay is annoying, but the 10/10 atmosphere is worth the trouble."
76561198121244887,Recommended,256290,21357536,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Cimblo,Nice illustrations
76561197963499869,Not Recommended,256290,21358731,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,StealthKiller,Ubisoft ruins another good game with a terrible login menu. Don't waste your money on a game they won't let you play.
76561198068376249,Recommended,256290,21277703,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,-W3E- Kzare,"This was a really great story. I loved literally every thing about this game. The soundtrack, the visuals, and basically every character. If I had one gripe it would be that it could be slighter harder. I would like to see DLC adding more to the story.Beware of the Dark, Child of Light."
76561198108171481,Recommended,256290,21187618,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,CarniverousPwny,"I usually don't write reviews, but with so many people having an issue with uPlay I thought I would post what worked for me.I read the reviews and comments before purchasing Child of Light on sale and I figured if I couldn't get it to work that it wouldn't be a total loss.So here's what worked for me:1. I did install the game, but DID NOT do the first time setup right away.2. Before first time set up, I went online to Uplay and downloaded it from their site. Then made an account.3. I then went to steam to get the game code. Copied it.4. Went back to Uplay and went to ""activate product""5. Pasted code and it was added to my library.6. THEN I finally hit play in Steam and did the first time set up. It asked me to link steam with Uplay. I did but I don't think you have to.And the game has run smoothly ever since :)I must say, I greatly enjoy this game and was glad I was able to get it working. The music and gameplay are calming and fun at the same time. I love the art design as well.I haven't finished the game yet, but I greatly look forward to it and I hope what worked for me will help others enjoy this game as well. It is too wonderful to give up on."
,Not Recommended,256290,21284294,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,DizzyMouse,"I would recommend the game but Uplay and customer support are aweful.The game itself is beautiful, the story is interesting...Gameplay is a bit weird to me but I could deal with that, If only they would let me finish the game -_-The game looked fun and decent so I bought it during Steam Summer Sale 2015. Played once but when I tried to play it again the next day, it wasn't in my Uplay account anymore. I tried to contact customer support many times but they are aweful. I felt like they were only copy-pasting thing I already read before to try to fix the issue.Still can't play it. I'm sad because it looked great ..."
,Recommended,256290,21265907,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Yrmagoth,"Simply lovely art, great dialog (all rhymes), cute, and tells a great story so far.  I love the watercolor style and animations.  Simple crafting mechanic just deep enough to be interesting without being overwhelming, good NPC-PC interactions.  Not really a platformer, since you can fly, but a nice mix of RPG with light movement trickery.Great game, I do suggest it."
,Not Recommended,256290,21241823,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Maslow,I want to remove this game from my Steam list and revoke my license for it. I tremendously hate games that require me to sign up for a membership once I have already purchased a game. Killed all desire to even play the game.
,Recommended,256290,18424301,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Mrs. BlackandBlue,"this game is awesome! :3it has a really beautiful artstyle, a nice story and a really cool fairy-tale-ish feeling to it~ the music is a masterpiece (at least i think so) and matches the story perfectly.if you don't like that stuff or rhymed dialogues you shouldn't even try tho ^^;"
,Recommended,256290,18430797,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,NeverwinterX,Fun small game with great atmosphere. Battles get a bit tedious after a while. You level up after almost every battle which makes leveling up nothing special. The dialogues in rhyme always make you smile.
76561198155520150,Recommended,256290,18679821,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Actual Cannibal Shia LeBouf,"I bought th is game not knowing what really to expect. I didn't have high expectations. But I loved it once I started playing it. This game is beautiful, it has a wonderful soundtrack, an interesting story line, and a different sort of turn-based fighting system. Its got a few simple puzzles in it which is fun, and they manage to rhyme the dialouge without it being poorly done or obnoxious. Its actually really well done. I would definitely recommend this game."
76561198009127959,Recommended,256290,18683681,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Iksvomid,One of the best games I've ever played.
76561198036254118,Recommended,256290,18821187,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Millennium Hippie,"Summed up:Pros:+Great artwork+Wonderful music+Enjoyable combat system+Unconventional characters and companions+Positive portrayal of womenCons:-Too short-Forced rhyming-Lacks replayability-Uplay...Overall, this was a charming game and I enjoyed it a lot! Child of Light presents a good mix of platformer and turn-based RPG, set against a beautiful backdrop with a distinc hand-painted feel. The artwork and music really helped to draw me in and charmed me from beginning to end. The gameplay is very simple, yet effective, and added to my overall experience.My only complaints were the contant forced rhyming and the fact that it was simply too short (it could have done with another act/chapter). There's not much replayability here, as I felt that I pretty much saw and did everything there was to see and do in the game. So I guess I'll wait for a sequel of some sort!Also... Uplay. It's worth putting up with just to play this, but I uninstalled it as soon as I completed the game."
76561198033067533,Recommended,256290,17542429,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lady Calamity,"Child of Light is beautifully illustrated, magical and fun. I really enjoyed this game."
76561198061912207,Recommended,256290,17547869,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,CastleZ,"Story like western country and gameplay like JRPG. Absolutely, Perfect."
76561198074509719,Recommended,256290,16905474,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Drak101,Good game. Love the voice acting and the dialog between characters is cute.
,Recommended,256290,16906515,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,markd,"An awesome game. I got it for 3 bucks on the steam sale. Having it now, I say it’s worth 50 at LEAST. This is a turn based, story driven RPG game very similar to the old school Final fantasy’s, dragon quests, suikoden, ect. If you loved what those games ‘used’ to be, than you will love child of light.Warning: the story is written in kind of a never-ending poem. Very creative and it takes the story to the next level but just be advised the reading/comprehension level of the story is harder because of it."
76561198116030781,Recommended,256290,17152949,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Super Panda,"This game is better for two players, especially the boy-girl friends, or parents and their kid. Best 2D RPG I ever seen during my 15 years game life. Strongly recommend."
76561198006479659,Recommended,256290,17131450,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,210-Po Smoothie,Nice atmosphere and fine for a bit of casual gaming.
76561198067469171,Recommended,256290,17133941,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,BlackProse,"Love this game. I've already put 14 hours into it, which is good for an indie game IMO. I bought the game on sale during the steam sale and got it, and all its expansions for $7. Such a visually beautiful game with an involved battle system. Usually in RPGS, I find myself sticking to one team, but in this game, I am using all the team members. Gameplay is simple to figure out; so there's no long tutorial.It has a whimsical feel to it, moreso due to the fact that everything is written in rhyme. Would recommend."
,Recommended,256290,17116187,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,MeowTheLover,Great music and beautiful art style child of light offers an amazing side scrolling rpg experience with a story to bring a tear to your eye.
76561197993944276,Recommended,256290,17127698,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Terfio,"One of the best games i've played recently (ok there arent alot i played recently, but nonetheless a great game)!Characters are most of the time likable and the soundtracks are very well done.The story is nice and the overall presentation is very good, so no complaints overall.The dialogue is only in rhymes, which on the first glance kinda blow me off, but i rather quickly started to like it!There is even some sort of crafting system (crafting gems from other gems). Its not much, but still enjoyable.The playing time for a playthrough isnt much (about 10h) and the fights arent too difficult, however this game focusses on telling the story without dragging it on too long. As i said before the presentation is totally great.I played just one time but looking forward to my second playthrough when other games are done."
,Recommended,256290,17129094,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Chara 安心,"I personally didn't have an issue registering my game, but be aware of those who did. On the contrary, the game itself is very accesible and aesthetic. Definitely a good pickup on sale."
,Recommended,256290,16934029,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,artemulette,"+touching story+amazing soundtrack+excellent artwork+touching story+the story will make you cry+for real-you can't skip dialogues and cinematicsOverall it was a unique experience, i 100% recommend it.(Some people claimed to have issues with uplay, i didn't. Although i'd prefer it to have steam achievements)"
,Recommended,256290,16934713,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,dameos_1,"Once I thought I had no feelings, then I played this game and cried like a child.Beautiful.10/10.""Time stood still for a whileYour hand was holding mineThe stars that shined in your eyesDon't let them go byFly on you golden girlAnd take on your fearsI'll be with you in your dreamsThe world is darker than it seems""..."
76561197961153586,Recommended,256290,16847015,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Eddie Van Blundht,"Fantastic, beautiful, addictive little RPG with turn-based strategic combat.  Glad I played it."
,Recommended,256290,17210269,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,jovmorcy3,"Smiply put, A great Pleasing game with great asthetics and good story, Battles could get a little repetitive but it does keep you on your toes if you mess up. Bought it because it was on sale and it was worth every penny. I Would certainly recommend getting it. :)No problems with Uplay (yet...)"
76561198040280546,Recommended,256290,17213117,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Tabby,It's a fantastic game.  Try the demo and buy it on sale.
76561198072460168,Recommended,256290,16620020,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Madallion,"It’s a Fantastic game, has great visuals, sweet background music, annoying DRM, good story, fun battles (though it can be a bit repetitive if you use the same characters all the time, try lots of combinations),.... wait did i mention the DRM? Ok, to be fair it was annoying to set it up the first time but once Uplay was set to remember my login it was a fairly smooth experience after that. Though i keep hearing of deleted save files i never had the issue myself...... so it could just be luck.UBISOFT: stop trying to add drm to a game that already has DRM (i'm talking about steam). You don’t need two layers of DRM for a game, this is not national defence software. It'll just make your customers hate you despite loving the game.Game review:-Story: 10/10Art/Music: 10/10Game play mechanics : 8.5/10 (takes a little bit of time to get used to)Flaws/errors/glitches: very minimal to none at the time of review (if you could get uplay to work properly like i did)Overall expereince: 9.5/10Go Get it now"
,Recommended,256290,16630186,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OmegaJeff,"While the combat gameplay is not all that great, the platforming and exploration gameplay is charming enough.The story and characters are incredibly endearing.  The environments are lush, the art is gorgeous and the music is enthralling.My suggestion is to play at a low difficulty to minimize the time you spend within the combat system, so you can enjoy the areas where the game really shines with it's own distinct beauty."
76561197971661781,Recommended,256290,18377840,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Talqazar,"Cute. Whimsical, and Lemuria is an interesting and different fantasy world. Well worth it when its on sale.Uplay is admittedly a downside - the first puzzle to conquer to play the game."
,Recommended,256290,18188761,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Cure Lovely,"A good game prioritizes the innocent and cute... its creators I must salute!This game is filled with love come from above!To make reformation of video games progress, I want more games where I play as princess!♥I am Zecora.. hear me Aurora!♥"
,Recommended,256290,18225691,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Toadyyy,dank
76561198125468646,Recommended,256290,18032261,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,. : XeLagN : .,"Great theme music by Beatrice Martin, amazing visuals, and rhyming dialogues with nice storyline."
,Recommended,256290,18041446,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Anoimus,"Child of Light is one of the most interesting game I have ever played. I hardly play these types of games, but when Child Of Light was announced, it caught my eye. Bought it during the last steam sale, I could not wait to play it! When I jumped into the game, I could not stop and just kept playing, exploring every part of the game if possible, I never once felt bored while playing this game, or felt lost, the story is interesting and the enemies are balanced enough to make it challenging."
,Recommended,256290,18228308,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Rodello,-Beautiful art-Incredible history-Amazing characters-Nice music-Makes u cry-Do you ask for more?
76561197968594813,Recommended,256290,18110086,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Big Smitty,"Original, fun, and imaginative fantsy RPG!"
76561197994338277,Recommended,256290,18516338,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,roachestools,Y
76561197971446226,Recommended,256290,18560713,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,NastyNine99,"Fantastic game. One of my favorites.I recommend you start on the hardest difficulty for the most enjoyment.I recommend you do not use the free UBI goodies you get in the UBI Soft client. Things like ""More HP"" are rewarded for achievements. Don't use them, they make the game too easy. They just give you too many."
76561198019083379,Recommended,256290,18563084,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Barron-O-Beef Dip,"This is the best indie game that’s not an indie.When I first stared the game up, it asked me what difficulty I wanted. It let me pick between casual and expert. I then screamed at my computer, “I’m no filthy casual!” That comment proceeded my long string of defeats, reveling me to be what I feared the most.The Good:Lovable charactersTiming based combat done wellGreat soundtrackBeautiful aestheticsEverybody rimes!The bad:ShortUplay"
76561197994760155,Recommended,256290,18554242,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,shoofy,Pretty cool game with a nice feel.  The artstyle is very relaxing.
76561198015206516,Recommended,256290,11585560,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Calvin,"Played for about 5 hours ingame on expert as I write this. Halfway through the game.This game is awesome. I could say this game is one of the best i've played in my whole life. I have so many favorite games, so take that as you will.When I went into this game, i completely ignored the fact it used Uplay, already had an account so I was just able to jump in. Not a problem at all, for others this could be annoying, but w/e.This game is so unique, multiple party members (But you can only use two at one time), different locations, GREAT artwork.The story is interesting. Not many games catch my attention with story, but this game completely blows me away with the colorful chracters it provides, the dialogue is unique and it rhymes it's ART.You can play through the whole game in coop.Your companion (Igniculus) you get fairly early on provides a whole new way to play. You can use him to heal yourself, and slow down enemies in combat. Even on the map when your moving through the chapters you use him to solve simple butSimple crafting, Gems that you can combine to make stronger ones which make you stronger in combat, increase stats, get more experience etc. Very simple system like I said but it works extremely well.The game rewards you with exploring, you can find many helpful potions, occuli (the gems) etc.Enemies are unique, cool, boss fights.Tons of skills. Unique classes, golem is op for the DLC slow but extremely strong.I'm done, gonna go play."
76561198094094146,Recommended,256290,18550113,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Axel_VIII,8/10
,Recommended,256290,18545439,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,LittleNickey,Beautiful and cozy!
76561198056105843,Recommended,256290,18536313,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Manabolt,"Hands down one of the best games i've played in a while. If you have any RPG experience this system comes naturally, if not, it is still a super easy system to learn. The Lack of shops in the game seems odd at first but there is more than enough loot from monsters and dungeons to keep you stocked the whole game. The story is simple and Beautifully executed, the art is staggeringly good, and it's all wrapped together by a solid, intuitave system. 9.5/10"
76561198048358726,Recommended,256290,16482503,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Valencian,"If you like stories, you're in for a treat.  Child of Light is an adventure through a fantasy realm filled to the brim with wonders and sights that'll bring out the kid in you.  The game is simple, but complex.  The story is linear, but has depth."
76561198068082216,Recommended,256290,16488272,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MasterXaL,"Excellent game.  Superb dialogue, beautiful art, fine detail, smooth exploration, and compelling combat.  Child of Light s definitely worth a player's time and money."
76561198068933928,Recommended,256290,16490247,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Fishpillow,Great art and old fashioned gameplay. Very enjoyable game.
,Recommended,256290,16490543,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sinead,"Beautiful hand-drawn graphics, beautiful story, everything is amazing. I just love this game. The Turn-Based Combat is amazing & is hard to master. The characters are charming. Also, the music is great. One of my favorite games. Wish there were more games like this one!"
76561198095817721,Recommended,256290,16509196,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sv3nman,"Beatiful world, very good music, and suprisingly solid story. Just be sure to play it on hard mode if you want combat to be at all interesting."
76561198006811971,Recommended,256290,16509238,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ezzoterik,"Truly one of the most beautiful games I have ever played. Magnificent art, story, and music. Reminiscent of Braid in its style (minus the 16-bit characters), but plays and emotes more like early Final Fantasy titles. Runs only 10-12 hours of play time. The focus is on the character and the story rather than puzzles or battles, though the battles can be challenging especially on the second playthrough. Got it on the Steam sale, and worth every penny for this experience."
,Recommended,256290,16509883,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,arthurlamouniermoura,"Very fluid game, with really good turn fights. I recommend this game for those who like RPG with a interesting story and less non sense fightings. Very sensible plot and dynamic gameplay."
76561198050360364,Recommended,256290,16512214,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Wild_mon_mon,"Despite what others have said about Uplay, I really enjoyed this game. It's certainly worth the small amount of extra effort. The game art is beautiful, and I enjoyed the novel approach to turn-based combat. The rhyming structure of the dialogue was a nice touh, and makes you feel like you are in a story. I would definitely reccommend this game."
,Recommended,256290,16516627,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Nalydragon,"Beautiful. All of it. The story was barely there, but even it was magnificant. It's fun for all, a great rpg, the learning curve small, even for me."
,Recommended,256290,16517537,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,djiaxin,simple yet incredible story
,Recommended,256290,16518290,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ætherfafnir,"Child of Light is a great game! It has an intruiging unique storyline, likable characters, intuitive combat system and captivating graphics. Everything about it so far is great to me.Well, except for UPlay that is."
,Recommended,256290,16520093,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Daniexus,"I was never a fan of games with turn-based combat system like Final Fantasy, but Child of Light isn't as boring. In fact, I feel a false sense of success every after battle. Also, following the story of Child Of Light feels a childhood bed time story. Brings out the child explorer in you and just wants to continue. To someone who's hasn't recited a poem since elementary like me, the rhyming conversations makes me feel like a child. The background scenery is beautiful, I wish I could take a screenshot and make one my desktop wallpaper. If it wasn't for the battle-system and a few difficult puzzles, this is a perfect game for a child.The only minor annoyances are, you can't skip conversations and you need to login to UPlay, even if you're already logged in on steam. This is one of those games that you need to play, even once, in your lifetime."
,Recommended,256290,16501166,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,"Vivave""""","The best fairy tale game ever. :)I'm lovin it.AWESOME Art , Character , Story , Ablilty , Turn-by-Turn Attack !!10/10"
76561198158372653,Recommended,256290,16503812,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Krimsuun,Pro.Nice art style.Good soundtrack.Cons.Logging into Uplay in order to play the game-logging in does not always work.
,Recommended,256290,10006078,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Dwarfthorin Danando,"ABSOLUTE IN AMAZINESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RECOMMEND? WHY WOULD I EVER SAY NOSOUNDAMAZING,little repetitveness however the music is touching to not realise, the music is so original feelike lol and battle noises etc are as standard :D just dont like the sound of those ghost ladies :( it freaks me outGAMEPLAYfor being an RPG with mini puzzles and use a little oculis to help battles and puzzles so funHOURS OF GAMEPLAYpeople say there not enough hours for gameplay, but i think theres alot, and enough for the developers to expand on)FEELAMAZING,the created artwork in gameplay style feels EPIC!!!!!!!!!!) bit like those B&M biscuitsCHARACTERSAwe-inspiring, improvement in terms of extra dlc characters is a must though as i would love a 20+ character pool each with there own story and questlines as there is now ) so hope for more story and character- not to mention each team member is uniqueSTORYi HAVE just reached where there is a rat-town, must say, THE STORY WILL NOT WORSEN i guarantee itOVERALLl(IF YOU LIKE RPG's AND DONT GET THIS, YOU WILL MISS A GOOD STORYLINE/CHARACTER EMOTIONAL EVENTS/AMAZING GAMEPLAY)UPLAY(people are aguing and rating negative, however uplay works wonders with this game, so i dont know what the fuss is about :S)"
76561198112342070,Recommended,256290,13966605,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,JMkirby,A wonderful little game that feels like a fairy-tale come to life with a stunning art style and good story. A turn based RPG with a Metriod-vania feel to it. This is a must have for any RPG fan who just wants to enjoy a good game. A little on the short side but is by far my favorate game of all time.
,Recommended,256290,13948600,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ers_05,"Highly recommended.  Great turn-based platform sidescrolling rpg.  No annoying random battles.  Refreshing and uplifting story.  Beautiful and polished in every aspect, from the artwork, music, to the poetic dialog, and of course the gameplay.  Rich, enchanting, innocent and fun. An altogether enjoyable and fulfilling experience.Only negative would be that I didn't want it to be over at 14 hours."
76561197964226352,Not Recommended,256290,13949361,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sandtrick,"The dialogue rhymes. That doesn't mean it's good. I really wanted to like this game. The story is interesting and the art is pretty. But in order to know the story you have to read the *terrible* dialogue. At times it was charming, but far more often it was just unbearably irritating."
,Recommended,256290,13949539,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,HexicSparx,Vewy gooooooood
,Recommended,256290,13949910,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Khaleesi,"Truly beautiful game, a work of art. A playable fairytale with poetic writing, gorgeous art style and incredible soundtrack."
76561198027709366,Recommended,256290,13954048,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Mr. Mojito,"Beautiful game from dialogue, to music, story and even the gameplay.  I was quite surprised.  I did not expect much from this game and before I knew it, I was completely immersed.  Even after playing through twice, I still listen to the soundtrack.Definitely would recommend it."
76561198063860573,Recommended,256290,13946486,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,HappylilDemon,"This game was my first RPG, and boy did it hook me from the frist rymed couplet delivered. This game is one of my favorite games of all time, just because of the raw emotions it conjures. While other RPGs tend to be gritty and intense, this one does not plonk you down into the boots of the next ""dragon-born"", or some courier shot in the head, but into the pages of a grimm faery tale. Everything, from the animation to the Colorful characters, to the rhyming dialogue is donw to complement this feature. Speaking of the Dialogue s well, Hats off the creators to make everything a rhyme, it just serves to immerse you even more. The story is also excellent, dealing with troubling issues like Death(the main character dies in the beginning trailer AWESOME) and growing up. Leaving behind friends and family was also a theme that was also in the back of your head always, and unless you are a monsterous husk of a human being, you wil come to find a tear in your eye when you have to say goodbye to your friends. ALSO, your friends are all interesting and helpful in battle, from the coward wizard, specializing in elemental magic to the Mighty beast thing, which can tank damage, and deal alot in physical damage.Now, the bad part.the only real complaint i had during my adventures was the fact it required Uplay to play. Just, no ubisoft, no. It's weird, doesn't work well n steam, and sometimes just fails to do anything goodApart from that though, this game was great, and I would advise anyone to play it,"
,Recommended,256290,13947108,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,This is Redonkulous,"Accomplishes exactly what i set out to do, be a beautiful RPG with a fun combat system. Extremely tight. Everything feels important and you are never just grinding or doing busy work."
,Recommended,256290,13975293,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,LukeZC,"Kind of a metaphor for a light to shine over all the other (faulty) Ubisoft releases as of late.Child of Light is an excellent game, with an excellent history, strong characters, awesome soundtrack and a solid combat system.If it's on sale, buying it is a no brainer."
76561198073334053,Recommended,256290,13975326,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Musicman,"This is a wonderful game, very refreshing and very cool. I highly recommend playing it."
76561198050666569,Recommended,256290,14167780,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Ti-jo,"It's not a very long game, yet this RPG has it's own charm."
,Recommended,256290,14167936,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,BaKoZ,Good GameEasy to playNice SoundtrackNice Art Work
76561198086457357,Recommended,256290,14225814,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Jelogisa,"This an excellent game: Cute graphics, charming characters, nice story with a good plot and a few surprises, a large world to explore, full of atmosphere. This is a good experience.In addition, I can play this game with my daughter (8 years old) and we both find it fun, thanks to a (limited) 2-players possibility during the fighting (i.e. I'm playing the firefly ... but this still takes some strategy and good timing to have the best effect to hinder the ennemy and help the main player during combat scenes)."
,Recommended,256290,14226804,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,General Pardon,This is by far one of the most beautiful games I played in a long time. Watch and play while the fairytale unfolds before you.
76561197999354981,Recommended,256290,14182158,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Naldor,One of the best purchaces I've made in Ages! Totally captivating characters with unique personalities. Story telling is unique and fun to be a part of. One of the best things is music! Music takes you on a magical Journey trough Lemuria along Magnificent scenery and art. With 10+ hours behind me I cant wait to get back to gaming. Totally a must buy. Didn't get the DLC but I bet they are also worth the price.
76561198113602269,Recommended,256290,14219473,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Roka,"Beautifully made game. The art is gorgeous. the storyline is intriguing and well put together. controls worked well and were  simple. The only critique I would have is that the eding seemed a little abrupt, but I loved this game. Worth playing, and very casual."
,Recommended,256290,14219857,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Eybel3rd,"alright, first review, lets make it count:pros:+visuals are spectacular, the watercolor look is gorgeous+music is pretty well done and conveys well the overall ambience of the game+gameplay was a storke in the right direction. personally one of the negative aspects of an RPG is the grinding, here all characters level up at the same time, and they made combat not to much leaned toward the level of you character, so you dont have to spend hours grinding to be able to fight a boss battle. you can also mix items to create more powerful items, but i considered that a waste of time, since you can pass the game without even touching such itemscons:-The game is relatively short, for an RPG. andwhile it lets you continue playing after the credits rol, theres not much to do anymore.  i cleared all the side quests(all 3 or 4 of them :/ ) and enemies dont get stronger after a game completion, so im not sure what else, if anything is left to do.-THE SCRIPT!!!! its a weird thing to say of a videogame, but the way they try to force a rhyme on every single line of dialogue is just off putting! i know that they were trying to give the script a more faery tale-ish sound, but it just sound horrible, like something a ten year old would write as a poem. and it really hurts the game more than it helps.I'm going to try playing the game in another language to see if the dialogue is less annoying. but overall, its worth playing, i got the game during a sale, mind you, and i didn't buy any DLC. so keep that in mind as well"
76561198027237664,Recommended,256290,14220250,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Victus Venenum,I binge played this game over the course of 4 days. I love it. I'd definitly put it in my top 5 for the last couple years.
76561198102912436,Recommended,256290,14013695,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,DustySR,"Child of Light is a wonderful game. It's feels like a GameBoy game that was created for a PC. You'll feel nostalgia every time you fight a monster, hear the simple songs, or when you enjoy the artwork. The game contains about 10 hours’ worth of play time. So, if you paid under $10 you'll enjoy it thoroughly.This game contains one of the best paced leveling system ever made. You'll never feel like you're leveling up to slowly, nor will you ever be overpowered. Combat is fun.There are notes called ""Confessions"" littered throughout the world to help expand the lore of the world. It felt like much more had been planned around them, but due to limited budget concerns they go nowhere. And are very poorly implemented.This game misses a step about three quarters of the way through, this is the first time that you'll realize the budget was running low. The final boss battle feels lazy, the battle before it is much more difficult. The ending feels Extremely rushed!About three or four hours of gameplay is missing.Even with the rushed ending. You’ll still enjoy the game.Overall rating is 8/10."
,Recommended,256290,14005534,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Pinky,It's a slow but fun game xD
,Recommended,256290,10856013,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,rawrimmakitty,From the writing and prose to the brilliant aesthetic and watercolour art. Child of Light stays true to it's name and shines.Seriously tho. Cool game you should get it.
76561198105392176,Recommended,256290,10857877,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,galvatron079,"this IS THE ♥♥♥♥♥iest game ever..... dont waste A DIME HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Steam SUPPORT INVALIDATES YOUR PASSWORD... SENDS YOU TO THIRD PARTY SITES IN WHICH AFTER YOU SIGN UP... THEY STILL DONT LET YOU LOG IN.  i want a FULL refund ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.  AND AFTER THAT ....WE ARE EVEN.  yes i realize my cap lock is on - asswhipes.  AT THIS POINT IN MY FRUSTRAITIONG FROM YOUR PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥.. IM WILLING TO PAY THE BUS TICKET TO CAMP OUTSIDE YOUR OFFICE FOR REVENGE. SOMEONE ONLY DOES♥♥♥♥♥♥LIKE THIS ON PURPOSE... NO ONE IS THIS UNPROFESSIONAL AND GETS TO KEEP THEIR ♥♥♥♥ING JOB,  THE CODER BEING A♥♥♥♥♥♥ON PURPOSE.  PLEASE ♥♥♥♥ING FIRE THE GUY... OR ILL FIND YOU... MR ceo OR SUPERVISOR..... negative zero RATING.  eNJOY ASS♥♥♥♥ERS"
,Recommended,256290,10858431,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Greegga,"Just an amazing game with an amazing story, ambientation (art) and sound. Just finished it and 10/10 would play it again in a few more years when more games GTA-like style become more and more frequent, making 99% of the world's gamers 9-15 year old kids who yell ♥♥♥♥♥♥ without even knowing what it means."
76561198029739248,Recommended,256290,10740126,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,mohawksont,Amazing Game!! Highly recommend... If I could change anything it would be to remove UPLAY
,Recommended,256290,10170987,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Eden DeMarlo,bloody amazing. an excellent storyline and an amazing enviornment. 9/10 as far as RPGs go
,Recommended,256290,10862037,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AverageMango,"I've only played it for an hour but the story is amazing and as I firmly believe every good story needs good music to go with it, this game has both"
,Recommended,256290,11398835,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,rickylows2,"even do i didnt finshes this game yet i can tell its going to be great game and its really pretty to look at,its really fun and all that is upsideon the downside however is that there is a really big lag for me even when resolution down and when i turned off the full screen and i read that im not the only one with this problembut i really do recommend this game to everyone"
,Recommended,256290,11411938,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Legends Never Die,"At first I thought this game was your standard rpg turn based game but then all of a sudden I could fly with wings and♥♥♥♥♥♥ You can grief your enemies by using your ball of light which is pretty cool among other things that can unlock later throughout the game. The storyline starts with the child dunno her name its liek Aurora who gets sent to the shadow realm or something and is separated from her father. She's full sad and stuff and tries to make her way back in this new world using her newly acquired powers from pedophiles and witches. However, get ready for some feels. Would make a 6""1 male Russian activist shed a tear while he missiles down an Aeroplane with vodka in hand."
76561198102908772,Recommended,256290,11017090,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Missconfused,"The whole story is like a twist on Sleeping Beauty, Alice in Wonderland and Cinderella. Three classical stories, and combined with the beautiful design of the game, it's almost impossible for it to be any better. The Uplay however is a bit annoying, but the game is great anyway."
76561198125789864,Recommended,256290,11222241,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,DecrepidMrksmn,"Simply  the best written and beautiful turnbased rpg around. This game has undoubtably conquered a place inside everyone's hearts.The flow of the game feels natural and there is never a dull moment. A great deal of this flow is achieved by the game's turn-based system, it requires active participation instead of mindless waiting. Another part of the flow is the tiny ""puzzels"" you can do along the way. So moving from area to area isn't a dull interaction but rather a fun breather inbetween battles/quests.this is the kind of game you never want to end but unfortunately it does :/best 12 hours of my life if you ask me though :p"
,Recommended,256290,11223022,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Jad Panda,"The game is beautiful, I will give it that. The handdrawn nature of the game makes it nice to look at but I felt the combat aspect left a lot to be desired. The turn-based combat sounded cool in theory but how it was set up took a while to grasp (and actually, I still was going at it mostly blind) and the lack of ability to see enemy health pools left me just swinging my sword, hoping thaat it would be the last hit. I haven't spent a lot of time in the game, so maybe I would be able to figure it out better with a little more time. The platform is cool, the areas that are puzzle-like are fun to figure out, and as I said, I find the game unbelievably gorgeous, but I really would just recommend it for those who like their games to be pretty or are really into the story."
76561198007469567,Recommended,256290,11173833,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,olivarra1,"Although it's a very good game, with great art, I felt really disapointing that it ended so soon, too fast.I've beaten this game with 14 hours. Maybe the first ""real"" boss I killed it in the 12th...Anyway, it's a very nice game, with awesome art and an acceptable story. It sure was worth in the summer sale."
,Recommended,256290,11137380,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,DizzyE,"Oh Jesus is this game good.The game uses uPlay, which is Ubisofts DRM program. Some find this to be a dealbreaker, but for me, i just shrug it off. This one is worth it. Besides that, so far each character has a talent tree that has 3 branches. Each branch has special abilities to use in combat, and it seems like the progression is 1- Ability, 2- Same Ability Stronger, 3- Ability Hits All Enemys/Allies.  Id like to see that mixed up in a small way.Above and beyond that this game is pure art. It has a beautiful art style, and a classic JRPG combat style with a new twist to active timers. The music has been top notch in my opinion too. They also give you the exploring tool about 30-60 minutes in to the game, along with requiring you to backtrack for the story, so you dont waste half the game looking at chests behind walls, wondering when and how far you will have to come back to get its contents. I feel like this is very welcoming.Go go get this ASAP if RPGs are your jam."
,Recommended,256290,11466036,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Birdassasin,"+Beautifully designed+Simple, but effective story+Great combat mechanics+Amazing soundtrack-Maybe a bit on the short side?-Character equipment system lacks depthIf you are even a bit interested in this game, get it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,256290,11450282,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Rain,"9/10, will play again. Get the game, you won't regret it!"
76561198091033341,Recommended,256290,10853168,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,lilCHPPY,awsome story yo
76561198007205207,Recommended,256290,11456755,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Parsifal,"Have you ever wondered what a team of creative and artistic geniuses like say those that Disney worked with during the Fantasia period may have done with a media like games? I don't say this carelessly, but Child of Light is as close an answer to that as I've seen in the more than three decades I've been playing games. Don't get me wrong, this is not the greatest game ever made per se, but it does succeed at making a game 'art' in a way where I don't think anyone else has ever succeeded. The story, the art design, the sound, the gameplay all come together in an experience that really exemplifies that this is something more than a run of the mill short game you've signed on for. The game itself is a very digestible package, probably clocking in at about 5-10 hours to complete both the story and then go back and tie off loose ends if you so choose.At $15 the price of admission is a little on the steep end but for the quality of the experience it's well worth every penny. I can happily recommend this game to most audiences, in particular those with younger children just becoming literate and ready to begin RPG games. Also, as the father of a young girl I appreciate seeing titles like this that provide a leed female role that for too long has been absent in gaming's balance.In short, BUY THIS GAME. :)"
,Recommended,256290,12407319,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Mister Kikkoman,"Really fun and beautiful little game; not the most challenging or thought provoking, but definitely a lot of fun. Only real complaint was it was a bit short (again, for the price though it satisfied),Would definitely buy a sequel or expansion!"
,Recommended,256290,12407681,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,thepirateheart,"Lovely game. A bit repetive with level grinding, but the story, art and music makes up for all of that."
,Recommended,256290,12358649,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,manislane,"Most of all we love this game because of the beautiful animation it has as well as the wild imagination for the theme and background pictures. We love the music theme as well, we are planning to draw a lot from this game as inspiration. The only part that . The only thing that we found it a bit odd, are the rhyme of the sentences that seem are not making sense for us or being forced. But again that is probably the whole things about this game anyway.Above all ... recommended especially if you love good ANIMATION and Pixels!"
,Recommended,256290,10227824,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Eth3real,"My breakdown of why you should/shouldn't get Child of Light:+ the beautiful water colour landscapes and characters which gives the impression of watching a painting unfold+the characters who join you on your adventures (all of whom are decidedly unconventional and unique)+ the soundtrack, which is possibly THE standout element of the entire game (yes the art style is gorgeous but the music is absolutely flawless)+ the complex character advancement, which includes allocating points into a skill tree with several branches making it tough to decide where to commit your points+ and - the battle system, which may or may not be to everyone's liking, it is a combination of turn based and real time in that both sides move on an action bar and can be interrupted or knocked back with the right strategy- as previously stated, there are elements of combat which can be quite frustrating: sometimes you'll do a lot of damage to enemies with phsyical AND magical attacks, other times you'll do almost no damage with either, and it can often be almost impossible to know what particular type of attack an enemy is weak against which makes for some frustrating battles- the lack of voice acting. there is a little but it's pretty much just in the form of narration-the coop element isn't the best and while one person is able to control Igniculus it doesn't really give that person much to do besides take a back seat and play more of a supporting role"
76561198067090650,Recommended,256290,12362528,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,mayyonegg,Beautiful game. Easily one of my favourites.
,Recommended,256290,12361279,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Pearlescent Diarrhea,"The Trailer is what grabbed my attention for this game. The music. The artistic dream world. The poetic lore. It's a different game than I really imagined it to be. It's a bit challenging, but a quick pick-up in learning strategies. The battle system is very punctual and precise. It can become a problem real quick.The lore and story is quite beautiful, as well as melacholy. They did a good job with it and definitely put a long of time and effort into it. Rather expected from Ubisoft. You can't seem to pass a word that rhymes with another. Not a bad thing. It's definitely different from other games and that's what makes it stand-out and unique from other Action-RPGs.A lot of people are skeptical about this game, because of Uplay and of course a Female Protagonist. I have nothing against either. I don't see why anyone should either. There's nothing wrong with a female hero and you could just play the game offline. Either way, those 2 indifferences are best left for those who are ignorant and arrogant. They obviously don't know what a good game is. There is a demo after all.5/5"
,Recommended,256290,12374021,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,togetherness,nice
76561198102473124,Recommended,256290,12374235,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,ShatterHex,A simple fun game but you'll learn to appreciate every artwork masterpiece as you progress in game. Another great talents produced by one of my favorite video game publishers. Well done Ubisoft!
76561198036249666,Recommended,256290,12376148,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Vathelos,I have played only 3 hours because Uplay doesn´t work. I have payed for the game and I can not play.  It is a wonderful game (at least the beginning) but don´t buy it unless they remove Uplay.
76561198110753269,Recommended,256290,12376730,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Bucket,It's just awesome
76561198127436536,Recommended,256290,12422157,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Zedd,"Worth getting just for the art alone! The storyline is obviously a bit childish but the rhyming verse and the cool art managed to keep me interested. The combat system is a decent challenge so long as you set it to Expert. You can't just hold your finger on ""Attack"" and expect to win like in many turn-based games.My only gripe would be that you have to hold your finger down on the mouse a lot (to hinder enemies with your firefly ally) which is a killer if you have RSI."
,Recommended,256290,12427625,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,yampuff,"Refreshing, memorable and touching. In a time of dark, gritty, alpha-male heroes, the chance to be transported to a watercolored, fairytale world of fantastic creatures and beautiful princesses is one that could not be missed. I would have been satisfied will simply a beautiful, arty game - but Child of Light has so much more to offer.I honestly can not praise the art direction enough; 3D models such as Aurora herself blends seemlessly into the tradionally painted backgrounds. The world moves and breathes as you move, fog rising and falling, creatures tumbling about in the background and light filtering through branches. More than once I would just pause and stare at the detailed backdrops. All this accompanied by a wonderful musical  score.The question you might ask is; style over substance? It's not fair to blame other games for relying too heavily on graphics but giving this game a pass because it's 'pretty'. But while the style, music and atmosphere are very much an integral part of the game, it doesn't end there. Child of Light offers us memorable characters, an excellent RPG system, plenty of locations to explore, chests to unearth and open, bosses and minibosses to fight and a well-paced story to follow.For the first time in perhaps years I found myself in tears during a game, really caring about the characters and what happened to them. Yes, the poetic verse is occasionally stilted, but when it works, it truly works. Tristis in particular delivers some of the best-delivered, most harrowing lines of the game, as well as Aurora and Igniculus's little conversations.Is it a ground-breakng story, full of twists and unexpected endings? No, but then it doesn't have to be. The gameplay and character interaction were more than enough. In fact, the only complaint I really have with the game is it could have done with more locations to explore and more side quests. And when the only thing you want from a game is more, I think you have something good on your hands.I highly recommend Child of Light to anyone interested in an interesting, unique, thoughtful game. A game with a princess who has a sword and travels the forest barefoot - with a ragtag band of humorous characters."
,Recommended,256290,12429956,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,T-cat,"The art style of this RPG game is what drew me in and let me tell you,it delivers. This game is a gorgeous feast of beauty for the eyes! The player will explore several types of terrain inhabited by very different kinds of creatures, with the opportunity to participate in various sidequests. All speech/text is written in verse, which is both fun and humorous, and keeps your attention well. The controls are sparse and easy to learn. The combat is somewhat advanced and certain bosses require multitasking to defeat. By the end of the game, you'll feel like you've just been read a very good bed time story, or had a very good dream. I put about 13 hours into the game to complete it, and I feel that's just right.My only two gripes (which are rather small) are first that I feel there are too many (by one) playable characters in the game. Second, I couldn't figure out how to defend in order to avoid interruption during casting. Every time I defended and then casted only to be interrupted, a tutorial box would pop up and remind me that interruption can be avoided by defending. Pity it never worked for me but with a little patience, my progression was not hindered.If you're looking for a game that is beautiful to look at with simple controls and light content that doesn't require a large investment of time to finish, look no further than this game."
,Recommended,256290,12431712,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,MAKEOUT HILL,"Great game, the feel and ambiance is beautiful, i look forward to this teams future endeavors."
,Recommended,256290,12432681,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,junkrodent,Pretty decent game
76561198008932068,Recommended,256290,12392287,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Kryal,"Finally, an RPG that focuses on elegant art style and gameplay. Child of Light contains all the classic RPG elements without being overly complex. Instead of grinding for gear and stats, you will find yourself actually wanting to continue the storyline. Refreshing."
,Recommended,256290,12470473,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Lizard,Unleash the LITTLE PRINCESS WITH GIANT SWORD inside you.
,Recommended,256290,12470555,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Dseed,"Child of Light is one of those games I long heard about yet never gotten around to actually play it. I regret not playing this sooner.This is the first game in a long long long time where i felt compelled to finish, sure the story might not have strayed too far away from a typical fairy tale, but the journey was an incredible one. If you were ever read a fairy tale, or were told a story about a magical land somewhere when you were just a kid, this will bring some of those memory back, It almost felt cheezy, but then agian, what fairy tale story ended in an unexpected way to us adults. For a fleeting moment, I went back to being a kid, accepting that the road to victory over evil, while all but assured, does have a few bumps on it. Not many games out there can do that for me.That's enough on the story front, I did not read a single guide, just used all the ingame tutorial to help me along the way, got lost and became really confused serveral times before eventually finding my way. all the while loving the combat system, although not without a few curses thrown in there when things did not go my way.It is worth noting I played the game on Expert diffcultly, I am by no means a ""good""  player, but I did enjoy the challange it presented, some of the boss battles took serveral tries, some of the roaming mobs kicked my♥♥♥♥♥when I tried to play greedy. but with a few tweaks in the Occuli(essentially ""gear"") and party combination, i was able to take down everything without having to back track and farm levels.The combat system definatly took some getting used to, being turn based but not really turn based, while it was very well done and very enjoyable, making a traditionallly turn based game very very smooth in combat, it also made some skills very confusing, ( X skill lasts Y turns.) It was hard to tell exactly when a ""turn"" starts and ends, but visual ques are there to help you, and they are very well presented, you will have no problem telling what buff/debuff you have at any given time, but how long do they have left? well, I couldnt really tell until they fall-off along with the visual ques.according to the Uplay unlocks, I have completed all but 2 side quests in the game, the side quests are usually fairly straight forward, you will end up picking them up along the main story and doesnt take muccch time to do, I mostly stumbled onto them while trying to reaching the next zone. or got lost in a maze and ended up in the side quest objective.overall 9/10 game.P.S i love the artstyle and Coeur de Pirate's wonderful music,"
,Recommended,256290,12473415,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Skye L'fay,"An enjoyable game with cute graphics, an amazing soundtrack, and a poetic story that had me enthralled the entire time I played. I wish the game was longer, had more villains perhaps, and had more of those unique light-based puzzles. I have a few ups and downs in the game, being that surprise attacks are far too easy to get with the help of your cursor-based partner, and ambushes seem really random when they happen, especially when I can clearly see the enemy and walk into it before it's even midway through its defensive animation. I personally would probably not have designed a boss where my main character is basically overpowered for the boss itself... maybe just for the additional enemies have the light-attacks stronger, but for the boss itself it shouldn't need to have been quite so easy. (I played on casual mode, but it felt way too easy even for casual mode... almost anticlimactic.)"
,Recommended,256290,12255440,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,CrazyBones,"Beautiful game with  light elements of puzzles, a light element of turn based RPGs, deep combat system and a beautifully told story. I find it hard to pull myself away from the atmosphere created by this game."
,Recommended,256290,15483785,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,LandonAero,"This is a very delicate game. It has all of the right features for a fantastic game. I haven't beaten the story, but so far the story is amazing. The art is like nothing I've seen before, like a little children's story book. The combat is very simple but it's good. I also love the concept of the characters I've met so far and I like how they all talk in rhymes."
,Recommended,256290,15485963,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,juanMa2V,It plays more like a casual game with no rush.  The final chapter/story felt rushed (I read that someone on the Ubisoft team died... dunno if this affected it) .I found myself going back to it every day until I finished.No UPlay issues.  I even used some of the UPoints to unlock some goodies.
76561198051508046,Recommended,256290,15674177,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Flutterguy,"This game has amazing art, amazing music, amazing characters, and an amazing story...I mean to sum it all up, this game is pretty....                 cool, I guess...."
76561198112440107,Recommended,256290,15691088,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,novaboy525,"a refreshing game, thank God uplay did not messed me up while playing it.I loved everything, the characters, the art and that music!!! It was pure blissI want more of this! hope there will be a 2, much longer and complex than it. a real gem this one.Platinium star !!"
76561198116452070,Recommended,256290,15693705,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Coconut Head,Great game. Looks and plays amazing.
,Recommended,256290,15695251,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Ravenari,"Absolutely one of the best games I've played in a long time. With a turn-based RPG style battle system similar to FFVII, a nice use of an array of buildable augmentation devices on weapons, and a rotating, large cast of characters that each have different strengths (depending on how you want to level them), this game is a pleasure to do battle in. Not only  that, but it's visually spectacular, the soundtrack - while a little repetitive after 15 hours - is still absolutely beautiful, the kind of thing you could happily play in the background even if you weren't gaming. An interesting, in-depth story that felt like a true fairytale, and very smooth gameplay dynamics overall. Really enjoyed this one! Probably the best game I've played in years."
,Recommended,256290,15695774,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Azesx,"Magnificent game. Awesome art and music. The fairy tail storytelling and poetic dialogues make it one of the most unusual games I've played. It really worth the time and money I've spent.Maybe Ubisoft should better make more games like this one instead of new chapters of well known ""milch cows""."
,Recommended,256290,15782301,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Astwer,"I love this game, everything so far, the music, the atmosphere, the poems, everything! For me iit is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,256290,15785350,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Kahuna,Beautiful prose and beautiful art. This game is definitely worth your time.
,Recommended,256290,15778297,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,JijiPog,"I thought this would be a game I could waste a few hours on but ultimately not finish.I was wrong! This atmospheric game drags you in with an interesting art style and story accompanied by a great soundtrack. The combat system is pretty solid and is reasonably easy to get down (don't be scared to defend) and you pick up quite a few party members along the way who all have varying combat styles and abilities which mixes it up and keep it fresh.I heartily recommend this game. There will be some feels at times (hopefully they wont be ragey ones and UPlay related, setting it up seemed to work fine for me.)"
,Recommended,256290,15779922,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Joanna Playing on Joe's Acc,"Uplay would Uplay again.Bought this game for 1200 Yen.I wish she had a boyfriend named Ben.Waiting for DLC, until then.11/10"
76561197968838589,Recommended,256290,15796468,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Random Casualty,"Child of Light evokes a sense of nostalgia and wonder. It is bitter sweet, touching and adverterous. The game is a bit short, but I think its worth the price. The combat system is JRPG-lite which fits the pacing of the game very well. Make sure you experiment with what the firefly can do during combat, he isn't there just for looks!"
76561198121529439,Recommended,256290,15797454,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,krijgsvrouwe,"This game was beautiful, with excellent artwork that reminds you of old fairytales. the story and the characters in it are cute and all have a little of their own personalities. All of the spoken lines are in rhyme wich helps create the atmospheric style of the game. I also like the battle system although there were a few tricks that were not really explained. Each character has its own a skill tree for when you level up, and you can see in advance what kind of abilities you get from it.Duing the game there are lots of hidden places and chest you can find, and you wil get plenty potions and other items usefull in battle. There are a few little puzzels. you can also find crystals that you can equip, some crystals you can combine for other results, try to make the most fancy combinations. Overall this game is easy to undertand and easy to get into, but its fun enough and beautiful enough to make all kind of gamers happy. Just remeber you have to like the fairytale vibe, if you hate cutesy things then i don't recommend it, but for everyone else i do!"
76561198161275168,Recommended,256290,14719265,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mozão Pvpro.com,"otimo game, simple mas muito bem feito!"
,Recommended,256290,14719899,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,jjmuhfuh0408,"A lot of the rhyming was forced, but if you can get past that, it was pretty cool.  I do wish that more time could've been spent with the end of the story.  It felt rushed, to me.  I'm still kind of playing it some more/again, just for the sake of maxing things out. :P"
,Recommended,256290,14720177,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,h3knix,"great story along with wonderful art/visuals. Quick play through, but fun gameplay."
,Recommended,256290,14720886,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,ChiriBean,"An absolutely lovely game through and through, if you have not bought this game yet you are missing out."
,Recommended,256290,14433205,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Beard Finn,"Beautiful art direction, beautiful soundtrack, lots of gambling involved with the battle system and the story isn't super engaging.But still thoroughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,256290,14638045,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Kazimieras,"With the current scheduling needed in my life, being able to sit down and play a game for a while is rare. This one lends itself well to casual gamers, as well as the more hardcore (as I was able to play it for several hours in a row, while the little one looked on in awe).Gameplay is tight, story is decent, good music and the art is amazing! It wasn't particularly hard, which was a bit of a downer, but it wasn't a complete cakewalk either. (so I guess it would be a hard modern game?)"
76561198112437832,Recommended,256290,14306511,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Elisaya,"I really enjoy playing this game. The soundtrack is very calming, storyline is cute and shows a lot of imagination and the artwork is absolutely beautiful.One thing I don't like too much is having to get UPlay in order to play the game.."
,Recommended,256290,14285407,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Fluxuation,"Very good game overall. The story was quite good and has some serious elements, which I didn't expect due to the whimsical art style and silly dialogue. The art style makes the game look beautiful, and makes the differences between light and dark even more obvious. The music is great, and the dialogue is humorous, though the constant rhyming starts to grate over time. The combat reminds me of the final fantasy series, with the addition of being able to interrupt. The interrupt can be both a blessing and a curse. It's great because it opens up different strategies, but a couple of times I ran into the problem where the enemies were so fast and split up just enough that I couldn't do anything but defend for quite a few turns. However, late game this system can be extremely exploited (the final boss didn't even get a chance to attack me). On the subject of battling and difficulty, I would recommend that if you want any kind of challenge you choose the highest difficulty, otherwise there is very little challenge."
76561198042875927,Recommended,256290,14410544,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,thsteven13,"Holy moly, what a good game. I finished it in 2 days because the art and the music is SO good."
76561198057482188,Recommended,256290,11203016,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Reverud-san,"The hand-drawn style of this game is what makes Child of Light unique.Combine the beautiful artstyle with an entertaining story, and fluid turnbased combat, and you got yourself a great game 10/10 -IGN. No! Seriously!!.The combat may seem a bit easy for people used to final fantasy, fire emblem etc. but you play this game for the storyline and the eyecandy graphics.Bought this game on summer sale and it's definetely worth the money.11-13 hours of pure enjoyment.One of the greates games from 2014"
76561198102364593,Recommended,256290,14518535,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Darth Philius,"This game was fun and interesting. I enjoyed the painting styled graphics, the orchestral music, and the fairy tail story. I played it on Casual (there are only two difficulty options: Casual/Expert) and found it pretty easy for the most part. The combat was interesting and the Oculi crafting system was pretty cool.My only complaint is that this game is played through Ubisoft's ""U Play."" I would much rather it be played directly through steam so all of my achievements would be viewable in steam.It took me roughly 12/13 hours of logged time to beat, but some of that time was screwing around crafting Oculi or having the game paused. I'd say most people should get a solid 10 hours out of this game."
,Recommended,256290,14519071,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ulrich5000,"Recommended8.4 hrs on record""Child, tuck yourself in bed. And let me tell a story, Of Lemuria, a long lost kingdom. And a girl born for glory.""This game was amazing! The art style is absolutely beautiful and the gameplay is turn-based RPG goodness at it's best. From the opening, I knew this was gonna be a great game, but the game actually turned out better than I was even expecting and packed some amazing boss battles. The game is pretty long for a $15 and is very well done. I didn't get bored or tired of playing this game at all, in fact I wanted to scour the world for collectibles, level up my characters, unlock more skills and complete every side mission. Though I was so focused on the story itself, I was trying to get to the next area.The gameplay itself is more inspired by games like Metroid and Castlevania (Metroidvania) with stat buffs and items spread out around the world, there's a lot of hidden goodies as well. I did a few side missions here and there, collected some confession letters, but I definitely want to go back and complete every mission, get every collectible and max out the skill tree. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes old school RPGs mixed in with some great gameplay and a beautifully written story.If you have $15 to spare, definitely consider getting Child Of Light, it's great fun from start to finish!I give it a 10/10"
,Recommended,256290,14521099,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Timecrash,"One of the best fantasy games I've played in recent memory, though I say this as a total sucker for fairy tales, literary and subtle narratives, and the Paper Mario battle system. The art is gorgeous and breathtaking, the writing, especially the rhyming, is beautiful, witty and heartfelt, just so incredible for video games, or fantasy writing in general. The mechanics are fun and tactical, complex without being tedious. The music is nostalgic, wistful, perfectly accompanying the rest of the game.Really, it's just an amazing experience. It's such a wonderful experience, and I'd love if Ubisoft followed it up with sequels or sidequels. This style really deserves more than just one game."
76561198062846505,Recommended,256290,14610336,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,MessrsMoony,"Love everything in this game.Quite the journey was made,would play it again all the same.Just to wield that pure blade."
76561198210809500,Recommended,256290,14614327,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,saralg,"LOVED IT!!!!!! My new favourite RPG!!!If you're looking for a game with a really good story and beautiful artwork, this is definately the game to go for! Also really liked the way you fight and move, as well as the flexibility of the story. Really beautifully made and just the right mix of story, problem solving and fighting imo!My only negative remark is that I wish there was more!! XDHoping for more DLC that unlocks new areas and lets you know more about the story..."
,Recommended,256290,14542193,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,OdinBro,"I do reccommend this game,Audio - 9.8 brings inner peace/ or when the music starts to tremble to give a good atmosphere to the actionGraphics - 9.9/10 Best 2D game i've played since awhile back can be better but its a good catch and has a unique add to the artistic wayConclusion- Yes I'd buy this game again, enjoyable and the adventure can you bring new insight to the other games you can play"
,Recommended,256290,14682868,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Foehamner,"Child of Light appears at first to be an abormally good looking puzzle-platformer.  Quickly, its depth becomes revealed as you encounter turn-based combat with the unique twist of influencing your opponents' initiatve as well as a level-up and gear-enhancement system to customize your strategy.  I am blown away at the subtle little layers this game has as it blends a few different game styles together all while looking and sounding amazing!  This game is a must play for fans of rpgs, platform games, or just games with beautiful and immersive worlds.Watch my let's play here:{LINK REMOVED}http://bit.ly/1G17LfF"
76561198117550178,Recommended,256290,14689982,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ShikY,"I have finished this brilliant game yesterday but i still can feel its effect on me, its art design and music was so beautifull.. I recommend this game anyone who tired of the AAA♥♥♥♥♥♥that is going on nowadays. This isnt just a game it is more of an art instead."
,Recommended,256290,14694635,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,degg,"Beautiful art style, fun dialouge, and great gameplay. Playing on the normal/easy mode might make the game too easy, but I had a ton of fun not having to grind out levels and things like that. Great game, buy it!"
76561198049790538,Recommended,256290,14698260,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Farlander,"A stunningly beautiful experience. A game where you simply don't want to look for mechanical flaws, because who the hell cares? It's amazing."
76561197987743391,Recommended,256290,14679849,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Inkheart Artist,"I'm going to recommend this game on its merits alone. Having to run Uplay to play it sucked but this was a really enjoyable game for me. I think the things that I most consistently enjoyed about this game was the art and game play.I love the water color aethsetic they chose for the game and I found myself really enjoying all the details in the world around me, it was all interesting and very pretty. Lemuria is a very well realized fairy tail world with tons of fun and unique inhabitants that I enjoyed seeing and interacting with.I really loved the gameplay. The platformer adventure game with old school, simple JRPG style combat was a lot of fun. I fell out of love with JRPG's a long time ago because of how unnecessarily complex and flashy combat had gotten. This game opts to skip all the way back to a more Chrono Trigger, FFVI simplicity with a bare bones timeline and interupt mechanic creating the backbone of the experience. I played on expert and the game gave me some challenging push back without being too hard.While I enjoyed the  story, I felt the rhyme that it was told in was not consistently good enough to base a 20 hour experience around. It wasn't awful, just noticably not quite as good as the rest. I did enjoy the plot of the game quite a bit though.Uplay almost ended up not being a detractor from the game either. It had me set up an account at the start that reved me up to seeth at it until I gave up on finishing the game but it ended up dropping into the background and not giving me any problems while I played. It only reared its ugly head one time after the beginning in the form of an update that it failed to properly restart from that made me have to go into my task manager and force quit the process to restart it and get to playing the game.So Uplay is a potentially strong reason not to recommend the game if you don't want to deal with its garbage but the game is actually quite good."
76561198002191980,Recommended,256290,14532835,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,wraithguardstarcaller,"Such style, so shortness, much backstab.                                                                                                                                                             wow"
,Recommended,256290,14533488,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Arrakisdef,"I thought this was a great game.  Game play was fun, interesting story, and nice art style."
,Recommended,256290,14586097,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,[BFC]Holmsey,"After playing through this game, I can say this is one of my favorite games of all time. Intersting and face paced combat, a system where all party members are useful, great story that is presented well, and easily the best soundtrack of any game I have ever played. Game is incredibly worth the money and I highly recommend it to all. All of the dialogue is done in rhyme due to story reasons and while that might annoy some, it made me feel more immersed.BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,256290,14563934,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,BERT,A beautifully crafted side scroller. I wasn't expecting to board the hype train but consider my ticket well and truly punched. choo choo.Short but sweet. Worth a play through.
76561197982400327,Recommended,256290,16000133,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,>>Nova<< Phoenix,Awesome RPG with amazing artwork/music.
76561197972684196,Recommended,256290,11892930,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,crash and burn,"Edit: This game should be played on hard, it is much more rewarding that way. There is not enough challenge unless it is on hard. The satisfaction is great when you play it this way. You have to use tactics and strategy and quick wit to win.I repeat : Play the game on hard.Okay, so a lot of people are not as enthused with this game as I. I'm not super crazy about it, but I do really, really enjoy this game. And when I factor in the $15 price tag, even at full price, this game is superb. Especially when you factor in the price.First things that make me happy playing this game are the art style, the world, the way everything looks. It's beautiful and sucks you in. It truly is a special ""work of art"". Honestly, the term ""work of art"" is the best way to describe this. I know of no game released in the past year that has better art.The music and sounds are superb as well.But finally, maybe, actually yes, the most important factor is the gameplay. It is perfect. It is a medium skilled game. Not too hardcore, but not casual either. It is an RPG. With active turn based battles. It requires thought and planning but doesn't hurt your brain. I play this when I just want to have fun and be in a good story with beautiful graphics.It's a great RPG, easy to learn, tough to master, and fun the entire time. I can't recommend this enough. The low price is what seals the deal and makes it a 9/10 for me. Maybe 10/10 when you consider this compared to other games at this price point.Seriously, $15, and it's great. Beautiful, fun, challenging, and doesn't take all day to complete a small level. It's a perfect game that will suck you in for 2 or 3 weeks, depending on how often you play.Highly recommended. Especially if it's on sale, then you arerequiredto buy it."
76561197993237807,Recommended,256290,11606716,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,katamari_sheep,"Beautiful art, and surprisingly refreshing combat, and the story is... well, the story i dont understand because its all in rhyme, something about a girl and her father and a talking mouse in love and zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz........"
76561198055408225,Recommended,256290,11548887,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Rykan,"Praise for its artwork and rhymes, but shame for its lack of a great final battle and music that actually affects the game. The song Aurora plays with the flute is cute but nothing i would want to listen to repeatedly. Because of this and the very limited number of monsters in the game, I wont say it is replayable but it was definitely worth the first time through"
,Recommended,256290,11688001,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,PlatypusHat,"Excellent game from Ubisoft Montreal.Right from the start this game managed to captivate me.The music, beautiful visuals, and interesting background contribute to the general atmosphere and are tied together very well.Fighting is interestingly done, turn based. Large skill tree to choose from.Recommended experience!"
,Recommended,256290,11654023,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Roseaate,"This game is a epic telling of a young princess coming to a world of adventure.  Aroura (main) is a small but mighty little girl.  This game is  not expensive, and the art style is amazing. Also the music is lovely!  I would like anyone who enjoys adventure filled games to play Child Of Light. Play On!"
76561198005540893,Recommended,256290,12013943,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Drak,"Amazing game...long time since i seen something as exciting and beautiful as this. At first 11 £ seemed a little steep, vut it is worth every penny"
,Recommended,256290,11864804,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,zaphod_zarniwoop,"A gorgeous little RPG. Combat is a kind of Final Fantasy active battle time variant, but it's the watercolor storybook world that makes this worth playing."
,Recommended,256290,11949053,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Chernobyl Trash,The best way to describe this game is 'cute'.It's not exactly monumental and it's not exactly bad either.Don't play on normal mode. Go straight for hard mode.It was nice to change up the pace for RPGs
,Recommended,256290,10696043,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Asint,A fun and beautiful treat!
76561198040404245,Recommended,256290,10728864,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,cosyCoder,"How to describe this game... were to start? I really enjoyed this, let two days just pass by soaking up the art and music from this piece of art. The story and atmostphere is lovely, sad but warm. This game is to be enjoyed, not just ""played"". The combat is good, sometimes a bit stiff and simple, but I did not care, as the art and eyecandy keept charming me, draging me in a trance, wanting to just see all animations of this old fashioned (is it call oil-painting in english) oil paint, to maintain the fairy-taily atmosphear. I would give this game a 9/10If you love games and stories, then I highly recommend this tale."
76561198111487962,Recommended,256290,10730700,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,macwhil,Fun and beautiful game. Definitely worth it!
,Recommended,256290,10731177,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Snavster,"An amazing RPG / paltfourmer with classic RPG turn based fighting styles, cool graphics and an amazing story. It's like Trine but quite a bit better!"
76561198121540992,Recommended,256290,10698893,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,RedPanda [FIN],"My artist side is in seventh heaven when ever i play this game. it's graphics are simply amazing and work perfectly.as a game it feels somehow different from the rest of the lot yetI am not sure wether it is the watercolors or the fighting system. also the story is rather well written.so, if you want to take a small pause from your Dota2 or DayZ games and simply enjoy the smoothness of this game - please feel free to buy this."
,Recommended,256290,10705206,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,sad,"Amazing game. Gameplay is fluid, you just can't stop playing it once you started. Not to mention, the music is incredibly soothing. Ubisoft is making serious grounds in the indie game community. Highly recommended!!"
76561197990393348,Recommended,256290,10719337,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sweet Jones,"This game is more or less a must for people who like RPGs with a twist. Lovers of traditional or hardcore RPGs might not like it due to occasional faults in balance, but otherwise the game delivers. The experience is crated brick-to-brick from music, grapics and Grimm-esque storytelling, and is as refreshing as ice-cold apple juice on a hot day."
76561197999255995,Recommended,256290,10721024,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Shorai,"Magnifique! Les décors sont vraiment beaux, la musique est parfaite et le système de combat me fait beaucoup penser au grand classique Grandia 2 sur Dreamcast."
76561198062459739,Recommended,256290,10721856,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Airin.chan,I refer this game to anyone who likes tactic games. Moreover the animation or artwork is very cute. The story is very thoughtful.
76561198028225102,Recommended,256290,11089612,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Aaroxerxes,This game is a work of art.  Its weaknesses (campy story telling and shallow character development) are easily overlooked by its visuals.  This game is worth the play at a discount price.  Worth just experiencing it.
76561198104647655,Recommended,256290,11090600,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,pieandpi,"Pros:Beautiful art, both visual and written.The backgrounds and character designs showed a high level of attention to detail and supported the thematic content. There was one glitch I noticed where the main character briefly loses her hair (!!). I don't usually like poetry with repetitive hard rhymes, but in this case, the rhyming dialogue built up the fairytale aesthetic.Diverse cast of characters.Four (of nine) of the playable characters are female, and the three main villains are also women.The story features diverse female relationships not revolving around men (and definitely passes the Bechdel test). My only caveat is that that all characters were either light-skinned or nonhuman.Coming-of-age themes.The themes are well-supported by the story, artistic choices, character arcs, and even some of the game mechanics.Game mechanics.The battle system is an easy-to-learn RPG style that enables reasonably good game pacing (little actual grinding is required to get through normal difficulty). There's a little bit of platforming and a little bit of puzzling, but it never becomes frustrating.Cons:Story.The ending is rushed,as you proceed into the final battle directly after defeating the second of three main villains. There's a lot of build-upwith the confessionsthat for me never really paid off. I have heard that a sequel is planned, which makes some of the lack of resolution make sense, but there were too many questions left unanswered, and at that point, I was invested enough that the ending was disappointing.Verdict:Give Ubisoft your money. This game is too pretty not to play. Especially for gaming novices, it's a great introduction to several core gaming types."
,Recommended,256290,11091597,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,arkmabat,"Wonderful game. Beautiful RPG with a decent battle system. If you've ever played Paper Mario, Gameboy Pokemon, or old Final Fantacy, you'll feel right at home. If not, try the demo anyway."
76561198125732022,Recommended,256290,12653526,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,DaBroski,"The game mechanics are well made and nearly flawless, but the rhyming scheme gets very repetitive and annoying after about an hour or reading dialogue. But the story is really well written. It's like a spin off of the sleeping beauty story. Over all I love the game! I recommend it to everyone who can tolerate the rhyming"
76561198027435717,Recommended,256290,10096050,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Demsus,"A fantastic Visual Game, with great music, and fantastic Atmosphere you can feel.The game text is nearly pure rimes that complimets the game greatly.The Combat is not the best, but not bad either. has a cool final fantasy kinda thing.Many companions and cool skills.This game is a Good purchase if you want an adventure with feels."
,Recommended,256290,12667175,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,CerebralCort-X,"I absolutely adored the artstyle used in this game. Watercolor? Yes, please. The music was beautiful albeit a bit sad, but I think it's cool that it plays a part in the story. The way the story was narrated was rather enchanting. Although there were a bunch of cliches, especially with the choice of antagonists, the story had a number of twists of its own that made it different from the rest.This game is like a storybook brought to life wherein you control the main protagonist who, by the way, is a charming little spitfire of a princess who carries a sword that's obviously too big and heavy for her size. I love it when she struggles with her weapon after every fight. I'm not really fond of turnbased fighting, but this one was manageable. The protagonist and her band of equally talented misfits had their own list of backstories and interesting skills that made each of them important in their own right.Although the game is quite short, the whole package (story, artwork, music, etc.) that comes with it makes up for this shortcoming. I grabbed this game when it was on sale, but had I known that it was going to be such a fun experience for me, I would have gotten this game at its full price without thinking twice.If you're the type to find it hard to let go of a game after finishing it, then this one's for you. You still have to stay for a bit to finish some sidequests which, just in case you wanted to know, require a lot of patience and a keen eye since you would have to do a lot of exploring to find clues and hidden places you might have missed before. This isn't a problem for a wee princess with fairy wings though.I'm giving this game a 9 out of 10."
76561198144416776,Recommended,256290,12477816,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,akane20,"I've only played for 2 hours, but already hooked on this game! Stunning graphics, music, and an interesting story to follow. Exactly the kind of single player, fantasy RPG I've been looking for. So excited to play to the end!"
,Recommended,256290,12468319,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,matronicus,Child of Light is (in my opinion) an amazing RPG using the Active Time Battle system but introduces an interrupt mechanic that dynamically changes the way you fight. That alone makes the game worth playing. Theres a few different ways you can customize so the game isn't linear in character growth. However the one downside I see is the rhymes. It rhymes all of the times. It makes me lose my minds... I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys JRPG's even a little bit.9/10
76561198031674447,Recommended,256290,12491231,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Pooter,I really enjoyed this game. It is fairly short but art is exceptional.
76561198079102794,Recommended,256290,12485250,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,murmures,11/10
,Recommended,256290,12488750,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,InsidiousLoyalist,"This was a really good game, the worse thing about it was the moment I completed it and realized I'd never again play it through like it was the first time playing it."
,Recommended,256290,12489168,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Evly,"Child of Light follows the story of Aurora, a princess who has fallen into a deep sleep and awakes in the mythical land of Lemuria. Along the way Aurora meets strange friends who help her fight through the monsters of Lemuria in order to save her father from death. The game takes on many aspects of well known fairy tales such as Sleeping Beauty and is written entirely in iambic pentameter.The Pros:Combat - Combat is done in a jrpg style. It is indepth as well as entertaining. How combat centered the game will be is determined by your difficulty level. If you're the type of person who only wants a casual experiance and a story, great, you can breeze through the combat on easy. For those of you who enjoy a challenge, bump up the difficulty.Art - If you take one look at the beautiful watercolors of Lemuria, you will see why so many people are drawn to this game. From dark forests to high cliffs and to under water palaces, the artsits behind Child of Light never fail to deliver a stunning, graceful, and beautiful scene.The Cons:Characters - All though it's obvious that Ubisoft Montreal wanted to make the game feel like a classic fairy tale, they may have succeeded all too well. The characters, though unique in their own way, vary little from their classic archetypes. Overall this has damaged the game for many people.Overall, I would say buy the game. If you're overly concerned about the flat characters, buy the game when it's on sale. The experiance was enjoyable enough to play through it at least once, although I suspect that eventually I will play through the game again."
76561198076368962,Recommended,256290,10894674,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bees,"Since I saw the trailer a few months before release, I've been looking forward to playing this game.  Seeing a game starring a little girl on an epic hero quest is something I don't see very frequently, and my interest was piqued right away. While by no means a perfect game, I'd say it lived up fairly well to my expectations.This game's greatest strength I would say is the aesthetics. The environment, monsters, and characters (excepting Aurora, the Queen, and the Queen's daughters) are 2D drawings. The environments especially are gorgeous, evoking a storybook feeling. For some, the rhyming might be a bit off-putting, but to be honest it's only distracting if you're consciously trying to figure out the rhyming system as you read. At first, I was trying to figure out if they were going for couplets, or ABAB alternating rhyme, or limericks, or if certain characters used different rhyme styles. (On a side note, I found it amusingly meta that the other characters correct Rubella because she doesn't complete her rhymes when speaking.) The soundtrack is beautiful as well.I've heard that people complained about the gameplay - while I wouldn't imagine it would satisfy people wanting to get really hardcore into the game, I found it entertaining enough. It's simplistic and fairly easy, a scrolling platformer combined with RPG style battles. For me, the fact that you can fly more than makes up for it.My only big complaint is that the game was too short. I'm all for short games, even if they are RPGS but it was paced in such a way that the time between rising action => climax => resolution seemed too short and a little rushed. The fact that there isn't an opportunity to change your oculi after your battle with Nox before you get cutscened into the final boss fight with Umbra had me floundering for a bit. I suspect the developers were running out of funds or time. I think that is also the cause for the lack of character development for Nox and especially Cordelia. I would have liked to see more about their motivations. However, the fact that it's an indie game makes more forgiving of that kind of thing.All in all, I would say that this is a game that is definitely worth playing, despite its length/pacing and minor characterization issues. It has a beautiful design and soundtrack, it's fun to play, and it's wonderful to see a little girl as protagonist in the role of savior hero. If the confessions in the game are anything to go by, the developers were thinking of doing a sequel having to do with a woman from the modern era stuck in Lemuria, and I'd be looking forward to seeing."
,Recommended,256290,10913530,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jessedowen,"great game so far, looking forward to completing the game hope there is more dlc to come"
,Recommended,256290,10896779,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mrvnhrrr,"This is honestly a great game, the music, the art and the game play are fantastic. Definately a game for adults to enjoy but also a thumbs up if you ever want to get your younger siblings or kids into trying out RPG's."
,Recommended,256290,10898350,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Vectnin,"Beautiful hand-painted atmosphere, gorgeous soundtrack, rewarding gameplay, and one of the best stories written with clever rhymes. Although the combat is reminiscent of Final Fantasy's ATB system, it throws in the firefly mechanic, making it uniquely different from any other game. Each of the characters to join the party are memorable, with varying traits, abilities, and utility. A great RPG entity that rivals Bastion as a whole, and would be a great addition to any library."
76561198131543910,Recommended,256290,12688812,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,oß.Sagalicious,Great Art Style and very enjoyable story!!
76561198028099023,Recommended,256290,12690710,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,JKurayami,"Amazing and whimsical storyline. The art and music is a treat and quite refreshing. It's standard faire to the turn based combat using a time slider for actions and turns. It's not too difficult, but keeps you thinking in the combat. I must recommend."
76561198025782091,Recommended,256290,13817718,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,<3Less Nobody,I really like this game. It has been a long time since I have played a good RPG. The Music in the game is beautiful. The story is a mix of many old world folk tales with its own twist. The scenes and backgrounds are beautiful  watercolor paintings. The battle system has a little bit to be desired but what game doesn't have its problems. Over all I give this game a solid 8 out of 10
,Recommended,256290,13820059,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,NinjaQueef,"Awesome game, that has elemets from JRPG, well designed turn based figting sequence, and stunning visuals and music."
,Recommended,256290,13822206,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,garchompalot,"Rhyming gets a little forced, but the overall story is pretty good. :)"
76561197979505774,Recommended,256290,13703798,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Keypper,"Child of Light is a heartwarming RPG that pulls you into the world of Lemuria through its wonderful artwork and completely completely (yes two completely's) outstanding soundtrack.It can be slow at times, but this is not a game you want to rush through. This is a game you really want to experience. The watercolor and wonderful tone of art complements the beautiful sound track playing in the background. Be it the ambient piano playing in the background while exploring the 2D world of Lemuria, or the intense choir belting it out during boss fights, you'll never be left without feeling immersed in the game. The combat system may seem a little odd and hard to grasp at first, but it soons starts making sense and is quite interesting to experiment with with the multiple characters you can play with.Overall, if you just want something relaxing and beautiful to play, you will definitely not want to pass up on this game."
,Recommended,256290,13677816,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Audacity,the visuals. the story. the music.i cried when the credits rolled.
,Recommended,256290,13678431,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[HoD]Smiley,"A very charming game that is actually much more engrossing than I initially anticipated.  There is actually enough story development and gameplay available to warrant the hours consumed by the game.  The combat is not horrendous nor overwhelming.  A bit of strategy is required, especially later on when different enemy types start coming grouped together.  The slot mechanic of the special runes acquired by crafting and fighting is a welcome addition, but can require some grinding to really obtain the good stuff - this can be the most tedious and unenjoyable portion of the game, but is still better than not having the option.The entire game is written in 'nursery rhyme' and you will encounter some strange scenarios and characters throughout the story.  If you can't stand poetry, watercolor, or flying - don't bother.  Otherwise, this is a great game to add to a collection."
,Recommended,256290,13657866,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,JIFF01,"So AwesomeBTW, Uplay works wonders with this title, the cloud savegames allow me to play in my HTPC and my desktop and not worry about savegames, wish spelunky and several other games, even rayman from the same ubisoft allowed for this to happen."
,Recommended,256290,13661783,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,terminalstderr,Absorbing story and gameplay that has enough depth to keep you interested. The story is worth paying attention to. Short enough to play over a weekend and definitely worth it.
,Recommended,256290,13771632,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Tuanta,Really liking this one so far.Poetic bedtime story adventureland.Having to create and use a Uplay account is a major down vote though.
,Recommended,256290,13745390,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ao,"Awesome game. Great writing, nice story. Absolutely beautiful artwork, Well worth picking up."
,Recommended,256290,13962277,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,super cat,"i recmoned it mostly to evry person who want is daughter also to play but feels there is not enough ""girl""s video gameas i saw this seces with my own eyes at video game store and was quite shock about the effort the sellar did not make any game can be also a ""girl"" video game, but this one is good non-vilonet entry to the genre which needless to say also preety awesome for males :)"
76561198012271123,Recommended,256290,13964846,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,enderpants,"A beautiful rpg. The art style is phenomenal, the combat is fun, fast and fluid (and most importantly you have to actually pay attention during it!). Sure you have to make a uplay account, but honestly it doesn't detract, and I enjoyed spending my achievement points on in-game items. This game is the evolution of rpgs, its not overly long, no need to grind, plenty of upgrades and delightful characters and story. The only real detraction is sometimes the rhymes are a bit forced. 9/10"
76561198018403836,Recommended,256290,13965182,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Qualitym8,An amazing piece of art that had me glued to my computer for hours.
,Recommended,256290,13957227,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Dagron,"Excellent little RPG. A little short by most RPG standards, but it played very well. Good combat and good story. I'd recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,256290,14041526,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Princess Eru,A game with no obvious flaws; Expert level provides a strong challenge even to those experienced in micromanagement while bringing about a powerful story feelings of homesickness and home thorugh exceptional characterization and visuals. Strong recommend.
,Recommended,256290,14042666,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,MAGi,"The only draw back's the requirement for Uplay, still, this game's just fantastic."
76561198025169935,Recommended,256290,14045397,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,mrosenthal,"This game is beatiful, charming, and thoroughly engrossing. I loved everything from the art direction, characters, writing and gameplay (I especially appreciate the extra effort put in to turning all the character dialogue into poetry). It is immediately apparent from playing this game that Ubisoft put their heart and soul into making an artistic statement that pulls off the seemingly impossible task of also being a fun, challenging and rewarding game. 10 hours well spent!"
,Recommended,256290,14028582,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Lorelai,"Fantastic game, controls are smooth and fluid. Great combat system. Amazing sound track. It is sadly too short though."
76561198165831345,Recommended,256290,26584568,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,pfcwetzler91,"very good game. great rpg, wonderful story. def worth the 15bucks"
76561198091731526,Recommended,256290,26496706,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Giant.Celestial.Pangolin,"This game is absolutely brilliant. A great spin on the RPG genre with stunningly beautiful visuals and amazing backdrops that pull you into the world. A 2D pseudo turn based RPG that at times is more immersive than even the biggest of open world 3d games. The Leveling system of great and the sense of or lack of balance between the characters reminds me of an old RPG and just makes a lot of sense. Not all beings are created equal. The decision making when picking a spec is hard and feels rewarding when you see your new abilities proc at the right time saving you from certain doom. I could go on and on about this game but i'm telling you just spend the money and play it, you won't be disappointed."
76561198025610810,Recommended,256290,26578213,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,-A-,***** Absolute Perfection *****
76561198275796162,Recommended,256290,26570321,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,PatScience,"I love the beautiful art and fun exploration as well as interesting turn-based fights.  The sound track is relaxing, with some variation in different scenarios.  I don't like fast arcade-type games that wrack my nerves, so this is a real find for me.  There were only two places in which I had to use speed and frantic clicking to get through a difficult location and I had to try several times, but eventually got through.  Interesting story line.  Highly recommended."
76561198196135857,Recommended,256290,26570700,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,J.J,"Beautiful game, great soundtrack, wonderful art...feels like you are in a fairy tale. The combat system surpassed my expectations since I'm not a big fan of turn based battles. The game itself is not too short nor it's too long...for the price I highly recommend. If you allow yourself to be immersed in the world of Lemuria you will certainly have a very enjoyable experience!"
,Recommended,256290,26981644,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ν ι и о,Coolest rpg-fantasy game ever!
76561198092309276,Recommended,256290,26206358,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,ManosMorf,Beautiful game. Amazing music and atmosphere. 100% recommended.
76561198031190688,Recommended,256290,30915642,Posted: 2 April,all,CompletelyNormalGuy,"There are a lot of things going on with this game, so I guess I'll just break it into parts. I'll start with the gameplay:This game has a two-dimensional overworld. Enemies are shown on the overworld, and can be engaged or avoided. Combat takes place in a separate battle screen. From a gameplay perspective, the combat system is probably the most interesting and novel thing about the game. There are a number of options for slowing enemies down, and striking a foe at the right time can ""interrupt"" them. Of course they can also interrupt you if you aren't careful. This can often make combat feel like you are juggling enemies, which I liked.On to story and writing: The story is very much a straight-up fairy tale about a princess coming of age and saving her kingdom. The characters are fairly colorful and varied. Also, all dialogue is written in rhyme, which could be a positive or a negative. I personally found it endearing, but I can see how others could find it maddening. Overall, it's a fairly light-hearted adventure.I liked the visuals too. They were fairly simple, and high-contrast, which I thought worked well with the story."
,Recommended,256290,26981000,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kuarlos,This game has an absolutely incredible soundtrack.
,Recommended,256290,26982584,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PEWPEW MOTHERF#$%ER,"Downright one of the best games that I have played ever. Beautiful Art, Beautiful Soundtracks, Interesting J-RPG turn based combat system with skill tree, and my favorite: the poem-like dialogue with rhymes. Some argue that it gets annoying after a while, but I think its both artistic and appealable to the main audience."
76561197994379987,Recommended,256290,26970317,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Whiskey,Great game!
,Recommended,256290,26950094,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ghenki,"I love this game, the lore, the way everyone talks, the soundtrack, everything.One of my favorite RPG games of all time."
76561198028862267,Recommended,256290,27037025,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Red_Fatality,"I love the artwork. And, the story just feels good."
,Recommended,256290,27026721,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[iK1TCH] iStove,Awesome game. :D
,Recommended,256290,27005516,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Faux Real,"I've just started playing this and I am beyond hooked. The art, the music, the concept... everything is just beautiful."
76561198041977583,Recommended,256290,27042079,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fuzzy3202,After this game you will be rhyming your own life.
76561197971291772,Recommended,256290,26103786,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,amud,Was most enjoyable puzzle game. I will admitted I had to use the cheats to figure out a couple of them. The combat was fun and fair; loved the music and graphics. Controls were fine (kb/m). Story was also decent. Wouldn't mind slightly more complex battle also would be nice to see a child of light 2 (rumours sez there is one in the works). Big bonus is if it doesn't require uplay.
76561198051645868,Recommended,256290,26526754,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DarkFX,"First time i played indie, and loved it"
76561198032824820,Recommended,256290,26489993,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Lokana,"Good points:The artwork is amazing.The music is really good.Storybook feel was well done.Bad points:Combat became tedious after the first couple times, and really laborious for boss fights.  Combat felt tacked on.The Occuli gear stuff was lackluster, which was bad since there was no other gear.Character progression was a let down.  95% of the time, you'd get a point to use to make one of your stats slightly better.Otherwise, you'd eventually unlock 1-2 new attacks to somewhat change how the flow of combat went.Neutral:The few puzzles in the game were really simplistic, and too easy to solve, but maybe added to the cinematic of things.The side quests gave decent rewards, but didn't really affect the story or anything.The storyline was relatively short.  I would have competed the game much faster had combat not been so drawn out.The rhyming dialogue was kind of cool, I suppose.I didn't really feel like the plot had much impact for me.  I felt like the story didn't do a good enough job building into the ending.In general, I saw the game as more of an art game rather than a turn based combat platformer.  With that mindset, it was much easier to enjoy the game--which I did.I did a full Let's Play of this on my Youtube channel.Lokana plays Child of Light"
76561198016818946,Recommended,256290,26228875,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,animalmagic,"I'm enjoying this, i think at the end of the day that's the only benchmark that matters.It has a rare elegance to it with pleasing neat watercolor type graphics.The skills system is pertinant and just the right size.And it's not one of those games where your inventory ends with hundreds of items your never gonna use elegant definately.This elegance is present in quests, theres not hundreds of quests just to artificially fill the game.It's a beautiful adventure.Some days on and i have to add im still finding this game a real enjoyable delight to play."
,Recommended,256290,13829157,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Tetnis,"Not that far in but what I've seen, I'm in love.  Great art, great writing and old school RPG gameplay.  Thumbs up!"
76561198032536288,Recommended,256290,13409018,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Red XIII,"A surprisingly fun and sweet game.  the dialogue is all in rhyme and sometimes can lose touch with what they are trying to say in order to maintain the rhymes but it's not overly distracting.  the visuals are gorgeous, and the combat is brilliant, fun and quite unique. The game has bonus mode after beating it once for those who want to re-play the game with all their skills and loot from the first go around.  The story is simple but enjoyable, as are the character side quests. I recommend this game."
76561197969499372,Recommended,256290,13411804,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,SnArF,Absolutely amazing choreography.
76561197992262928,Recommended,256290,13381951,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Gabrimarso,"Way better than what you'd expect from Ubisoft.This game has beautiful graphics, amazing soundtrack and lovable characters. If you enjoy turn-based combat games then this is the game for you. The  fact that you need a Uplay account is a little bit annoying but not at all a reason not to play this game.It's definetly worth your money!"
,Recommended,256290,13290600,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,the_aY,"This revival of Japanese RPGs offers so much in it's brief, but satisfying story.Colourful characters, strategic and fast-paced combat system, and excellent artwork is strewn throughout the entire game.The world is made up of beautiful watercolour-like designs, and it's music is emotion-stirring throughout.The game is very short, especially considering the genre. By the end, the story seems to wrap up at an accelerated pace. However, in it's 10 or so hours it will take to get through the main story, you will remember why JRPGs were once so popular.8/10 ""Great"""
,Recommended,256290,13396387,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Geek0Guy,"At first it was child of light, And then it becomes a chick of light.10/10"
,Recommended,256290,13398725,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Swampernova,"Ubisoft hasn't had a good 2014, Watch Dogs didn't live up to it's hype even though I still enjoyed it for what it was, Assassin's Creed Unity became a buggy mess at launch and was considered dissapointing compared to previous games, Assassin's Creed Rogue is just DLC packaged into a full-game and The Crew also isn't looking too good, don't know about Far Cry 4 though. I hope that in time those two games (Unity and The Crew) get better through patching and updating.However, Ubisoft Montreal did manage to create one of the best RPG's this year, which is Child of Light and I enjoyed every moment of it.Child of LIght takes place in 1895 Austria where the Duke's daughter Aurora, wakes up in an unfamiliar land called Lemuria. On a ardous quest to return home, she starts encountering monster's who serve Umbra, who is responsible for the land's turmoil and for stealing the moon, the sun and the stars which are the embodiements of light, Umbra is the opposite of Light (Good) which is Dark (Evil). To aid Aurora in her journey, she meets several unique companions and begin's jolly cooperation with them, killing monsters for loot and recieving xp together, and completing side-quests for personal gain and to help Lemuria's townsfolk.Gameplay: The game starts out as a 2d platformer which is pretty solid in terms of movement and animations. In combat mode, it's reminescent to JRPG games with it's action turn based system. one of the game's mechanics is that down the bottom center of the screen you have a meter which sways to the right till it reaches the casting phase, at this point enemies can actually stop you by reaching the end of the meter but you can as well by using Igniculus, your firefly companion to slow them down.before the end of that meter, you get time to make your decision whether you want to initiate an attack, use a potion, retreat from battle or switch party members, your standard options basically. Combat in this game is fun and I usually prefer action-based combat like Dark Souls. The bosses are pretty epic as well.Story: It's like a story with two sides of the coin, one side is different from one another but they are at conflict. They cannot co-exist with one another and the main character Aurora, is dragged into all of this. Light and Dark and their place in the world start to unfold throughout Aurora's adventure. she is compassionate and friendly towards the people she helps, towards her fellow companions, her friends and her family. But she is also struggling to understand her situation and why this had happened to her. The other characters are also great and stand out, they have their personalities and indifferences, my favourites were Rubella and Finn. In terms of dialogue it's different to other game's I've played. Every piece of dialogue given by the characters in Child of Light including the Narrator, is told in a poetic manner and it's great and it works and It wasn't what I was expecting.Music: When exploring the world of Lemuria it's peaceful, and harmonic and the memorable piece played with the flute that Aurora uses has a powerful, cheerful effect to the nearby people, especially in their times of strife and despair. When combat ensues it changes it's musical style and becomes epic, and empowering. It's one of my favourite aspects of Boss battles and the game's composer Couer de pirate does a fantastic job at capturing those feelings.Graphics: It looks visually appealing, mainly through it's artstyle, the artstyle itself carries the game's atmosphere and tone. Lemuria is somewhat of a ruined land, corrupted by the evil queen Umbra, whatever beauty remains in the land, gradually becomes more and more barren and bleak. as Umbra continues to spread her seeds. The locations are varied too, Deep Forests, Coastal wastelands, Volcanic Tunnels, Abandoned Castles, A city on top of a giant humanoid mountain, A dark sunless fortress and Crystal lairs.Overall: Child of Light is a special treat, it's one of Ubisoft's best titles to date and also one of the best RPG's in recent memory. a memorable experience with great characters, fun combat, great soundtrack and beautiful artwork. Don't let the name Ubisoft fool you into thinking it's a buggy, half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game because I'm telling you right now, it isn't."
,Recommended,256290,13421136,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,7enkou,nice gameplay and graphic are really cooli love BGM and a poetthis game is worth to buy <3
,Recommended,256290,15153783,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,GrimDark,"Very atmospheric platformer with turn based combat, light RPG elements (crafting and skill tree), hand drawn backgrounds+characters and oh-so lovely music.Highly recommended for all ages."
76561198005505038,Recommended,256290,15157367,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,AutoHawk,"This is a beautiful game.  Came for the art style, stayed for the story/fighting."
,Recommended,256290,15369367,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Saanzan,"Good Game, but was way too easy on hard lol. I think I only died on the first boss in the game and never died again after that lol..."
,Recommended,256290,15221552,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Bia,"Awesome game, even better played in co-op."
76561198046796347,Recommended,256290,15327146,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ShadeOfTyranny,"This game is very fun, but doesn't really have much replay value in my opinion.The art style is very appealing, and the rhyming is an amusing quirk of the game that kept me enjoying the dialogue throughout the whole game. However, I feel that between the ability to backtrack anywhere even after beating the game, and the lack of any 'extra' bosses (that I know of), the replay value is very low.However, it is still an amazing game to play through, and has an enjoyable story (albeit not terribly complex or enthralling)."
76561198055500665,Recommended,256290,15332753,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,thechosenonesbrother,"Good game, nice visuals and audio, kinda like a playable art film"
,Recommended,256290,14932519,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Dreamy.Mouse,So creative!
,Recommended,256290,14952691,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,MadMechem,"It's so pretty, and the story and gameplay is great. I hope there is a continuation to the story of Lemuria!"
76561198062197497,Recommended,256290,14955254,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,gaben circulation,Decent story told by stunning hand-painted visuals and well-crafted dialogue. Combat system is nothing new but still chalenging enough to keep you on your feet.
76561198013911039,Recommended,256290,14955645,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Voojagig,"One of the most poetic, sincere RPGs I've ever encountered. The story is simple, but compelling; it felt much like a darker version of an older Disney movie. Prepare your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for the feels."
,Recommended,256290,14840133,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Apocrypha,Cute as f/uck.
,Recommended,256290,14964377,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,MadGonzo,"Astonishing game, the best ubisoft's game I've played in years.Playability is pretty simple, but do what it meant to do.The visual is simply breath taking, to me, this game looks like a interactive painting.The plot is quite simple, but the story telling is amazing.This all complemented with a beautiful soundtrack.Sincerely, to me this game is nearly flawless.I strongly recommend this to game to everyone who like a simple RPG with turn based battle."
76561197997418218,Recommended,256290,14941146,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Loosey Goosey,Just wish there could be more
76561198085583512,Recommended,256290,14972797,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,FinalDeimos,The artwork of this game is beautiful. It's a wonderful joy to see a game use watercolor in this fashion.
76561198085564259,Recommended,256290,15252089,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Antifaxer,A complete master piece. The incarnation of the word beautiful in the gaming world.11/10
76561198003883295,Recommended,256290,15252732,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,cuadro,Enjoyable.  Well worth the money.
76561197974589615,Recommended,256290,15271856,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,TFmoore,Great little game. light weight play style wont make you button mash or stratigise much but there is some thinking you can do if you want. just run around and explore the neat fantasy world. Great for twenty minute breathers from other games or daily tasks also has a nice rpg element to it as well.
,Recommended,256290,15260484,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Ravaniel,"This is an artistically stunning game with an emotionally compelling plot, and I absolutely love it. The combat can get repetitive, but overall it's both relaxing and stimulating to play."
76561198134424450,Recommended,256290,15264519,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,MidnightStar,There was absolutely nothing that I disliked about this game. Gorgeous in every way. Can't wait to play through it again!
76561198145137111,Recommended,256290,15175815,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Kum Captain,This game is beyond beautiful.
76561198031283774,Recommended,256290,15180632,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ctwmitch,"A simple story, with lovely character in fairy tale style.It is really attractive, not mentioning the Good music and exciting battle system.The auto-save system make the short game even more easy.If you like to watch a relax movie, it is pretty good for you.Besides, it need a Uplay account which is a little troublesome, but fine at all."
,Recommended,256290,15187761,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,nOoBiFier,"After reading through a few reviews I knew that this was a game that I wanted to play. The game is fantastic and it has an amazing artistic nature that truly pulls you in.The story is very good and the characters are very likable and unique.If you are an RPG fan you might find the battle mechanics without much depth but that is not what the game was designed for. The game was designed to deliver a story and while having that in mind the game is much more enjoyable.I recomend this game hands down and when you complete it, you will be like me saying ""where did the last 12 horus go?""PS: a lot of peple are mentioning game breaking bug etc but apart from a couple of graphical glitches I had no issues with the game."
,Recommended,256290,15145792,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,hardcorelogo,I just finished playing The Witcher and The Witcher 2 and I can  say I still prefer the RPGs of yore of which this game harkens back to.  The difficulty level was also perfectly set.  Some boss fights were a real challenge on difficult. I am tempted to go into New Game+.
76561198061374015,Recommended,256290,15297394,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Vancher,BUY THIS GAME!The storry is great!And the the artwork is even more amazing!It is a great experience!
76561197965258653,Recommended,256290,15299251,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Ben (Mbweha),So good! Play on the expert mode for a real challenge. Excellent story and gameplay!
76561198044964432,Recommended,256290,15079519,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,tl_Penrose,"The game does not start at all. No support,ok, I feel ashamed myself, because my problem is an allover Uplay problem,none of my Uplay+steam kombo games work!!Ubisoft support does not response. : (Sorry for the offense."
,Recommended,256290,15159487,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,True JonnyB,It's art. It's a turn based RPG. It's glorious.
,Recommended,256290,22623095,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,MoonManEDM,"An excellent game, filled with beatiful music and art that only adds to the story. Fun gameplay, and an excellent battle system makes this game amazing.The only downside of this game is the fact that you need to go through a uPlay interface."
76561197993295984,Recommended,256290,22639760,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Miinkee,This is the only game that I've played in my life that I bought the soundtrack from.
,Recommended,256290,22589111,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,bobbyk,Great game!  Just finished playing his with the help of my 6 yr old daughter.  Hours of fun and exploration!
,Recommended,256290,22589143,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Alielson,Very beautiful game! With a good story too!Many times I've lost mind looking the scenarios and listening to the musics! ^-^
76561197983872312,Recommended,256290,22651839,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Nick,awesome game but uplay sucks
,Recommended,256290,23034716,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,OhioMan,"The artwork to this game is excellent, the gameplay is really good and enjoyable as well. Runs extremely smooth as well.You won't go wrong getting this game."
,Recommended,256290,23077449,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Steeb™,"Wonderfully fantastical, brilliantly drawn and written, and just a blast to play."
76561198143795073,Recommended,256290,23088504,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Mitrixlance,"It is a really relaxing game, not only by the art but the music help a lot.The mechanics of the game are simple but its worth its price."
,Recommended,256290,23345532,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Beaust,So much beauty in this......charming and adorable.
,Recommended,256290,23339867,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Emiya,"I spent 13 hours in this game, and I am satisfied with what they offered. The style of the graphics and the dialouges may not appeal to everyone so its pretty much subjective. The gameplay is short, but the story is pretty much engaging. There are side quests which you can choose to do but the rewards given can help you in your gameplay. I do recommend players to pick this up during steam sales, its more worth it in consideration to amount of time you will spend in it.Overall, a rewarding experience with this artistic piece of work. Its fun to play this kind of game once in a while, There is post game mode, which is a new game+ mode, but personally, I don't see the value in playing it again at much higher difficulty since the battle system doesn't really appeal much to me. But a single playthrough is enough to let you experience the beauty of the game.Art: 9/10Music: 10/10Battle: 7/10Story: 9/10Overall: 8.5/10"
76561198026488663,Recommended,256290,24248478,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Slan,"Amazing game!At first glance it looks like a platformer but it's more like Final Fantasy with a fairytale story and characters. If/when I get kids, I'll be sure to show them this game! There's even a support-like backseat second player option to get involved! (But don't get me wrong, it was completely enjoyable as an adult.)Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,256290,24235751,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,lilybg,"Personally, I really enjoyed this game!The art was beautiful as was the music, and the story itself was charming! As others have said, the battles can get somewhat repetitive, though switching new party members in helps somewhat. Overwall, fantastic!"
,Recommended,256290,24281606,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,亜桜依,The game is amazing.The music is amazing.The story is amazing.The battling is amazing.All of it is amazing.There really isn't much else to say.. This game is honestly coming in as my second favorite game.
,Recommended,256290,24272283,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,juliamysommer,Very beautiful game and nice relaxing gameplay – I like the mix of ‘art game’ and rpg. The music is also fantastic! :)
76561198126834464,Recommended,256290,24393087,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,angeln1c,Game:10/10.Sound Track: 11/10.i will definately play this game again someday :') thanks and goodbye for this wonderful tale <3. and yes ill miss you Igniculus!﻿
76561198289066012,Recommended,256290,24358778,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Sun Knife,"Child of Light is a platforming role-playing video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft.It's a  sweet and calm game. The mechanics are quite simple and still require some timing to optimize your turns.  Think of it as a daughter of Paper Mario and some Final Fantasy with speed bars.It only has two difficulties: casual and expert. Expert is not THAT hard. It has some moments, specially in early game but that's it. If you manage your timing and oculis you will do nice. This is fixed in NG+ where it gets even harder.Pros:+Beautiful music.+Everything rhymes!+Easy to play and not so easy to master.+Lots of space to explore.+Good variety of characters and styles of combat.Cons:-The music might get you sleepy sometimes.-The ending felt very weak. Could've used more time.-All puzzles are too easy.Overall it's a good experience.If you see it on sale and like RPGs give it a try."
,Recommended,256290,24430741,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Sharkman,"A gorgeous, charming and difficult (on the higher difficulty) game  that drew me in immedietly.It has a beautiful artstyle, looking very much like a fairy tale combines with beautiful, mostly relaxing, music.The combat is your typical turn-based rpg with a twist; a timeline showing who's up next which you in different ways can manipulate depending on your attacks and abilities.If you want an RPG with a twist and an amazing style and sound I highly reccomend this. And please play on the higher difficulty."
,Recommended,256290,24285472,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Gem1ni,Amazing artwork such lovely relaxing soundtrack. Game to play when you want to just relax
,Recommended,256290,24288015,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,RogerThat,Live your childhood dream to be a Fairy Princess.
76561197994029265,Recommended,256290,24718637,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Domar,"This game was seriously great, beautiful artwork, fun gameplay, a nice story, I have absolutely nothing bad to say about it."
,Recommended,256290,12838218,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Ark-kun,"Child of light is very beautiful and pleasant game. Pleasant to look, pleasand to listen, pleasant to read, pleasant to play.All dialogues are rythmed. Flying through the moving and living world feels so good.I found only a few small flaws:Fights only have 2 player character at a time. The classical 3 would have been better. With only 2 characters, the support skills that target all allies become somewhat a joke.Oculi are a bit scarse. I still lament creating the Princess Stone (which uses 6 brilliant stones of each base color).Characters might be a bit imbalanced. I never really used Robert and Gen.Difficulty is non-uniform. I played on Expert, and beat some bosses, but then got stuck with silly armored spiders. Had to set the difficulty to Casual (thanks for the ability to change it during the game).Many boss battles are ""if you managed to kill one enemy until you lost, then you win""."
76561198097387422,Recommended,256290,13335289,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Lolly,"not even past the beggining of the game and i'm already in LOVE with this game, it's perfect."
76561198000026824,Recommended,256290,13336978,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,consul.marius,"This seems like one of those games that you will either love or hate.  In my case, I absolutely loved it and would strongly recommend it to all my friends.What I liked:The entire script was written in verse, which I found to be really effective in this game.  I particularly liked the poetry in the ""confessions"" that you find throughout the environment.I loved the story and thought that it was told effectively.I loved the characters.  I particularly liked the charater development of the main protagonist.Beautiful art throughout the game.Beautiful soundtrack.At first I was hesitant about the combat system, but I found it to be quite enjoyable and appropriate for this game--I like how they added timing into the classic pokemon battle formula.The length of the game felt good.What I would change:The rhyming scheme and rhythm felt clumsy at times.The big bosses were difficult, but I would like them to be even more so."
76561198048700046,Recommended,256290,13322350,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,TxOutlaw,Well one thing i learned from this game is that life is too short to have too much reasoning. So this game is amazing... I love the style of it and the BEAUTIFUL story is amazing. If you love getting chills down your body every time you turn around AND if you video games with an actual story then get this one.
,Recommended,256290,13323107,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,GodSlayer,A hidden gem!!
76561198012938827,Recommended,256290,13323626,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Buff Anime Grandpa,"the rhyming gets old. the combat system is really well done. the art is nice. if ubisoft needs to make more ACs so they can make games like this and valiant hearts, then ok."
,Recommended,256290,13324980,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,satna,A beautiful game. Don't let the Uplay nonsense keep you from playing!
76561198150645339,Recommended,256290,13326105,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,DreaM DesT1nY,Awesome game. I needed to use my brain for once because of all the tricks within the game. If you aren't burned out from doing homework then ths is definetely the brain-teaser game for you to play.
,Recommended,256290,13327005,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,cylau0,Just like to read so old forgotten nursery rhymes
,Recommended,256290,13327824,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Blue Jello,"This is an absolute must-play.Although I generally don't like side-scrollers too well, this one was an exception due to numerous factors. The art was wonderful, the music mesmerizing, the gameplay addicting, and the characters were memorable (and they speak in poems!). In short, this game's a masterpiece, and I would recommend it to anyone and everyone."
76561198152591734,Recommended,256290,13313411,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,eaterofdarkness,Amazing!
,Recommended,256290,13313955,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Sutefeni,"I'd consider myself to be a casual gamer. I haven't played any kind of RPG in years!I really liked that they had a ""casual"" option for us folks who don't get too deep into the game mechanics.It just made it all the more enjoyable.And yes, you do have to sign into a Uplay account which is a bit annoying, but whatever.The visuals and music of Child of LIght had me hooked.Could care less about the rhyming which was weird in some places, but it didn't really take much away from the rest of the game.I would probably try to complete 100% of it eventually, but I've already allocated a lot of my free time for this! Time for some actual sunshine!Wonderful game...absolutely fun to play!"
76561198043928634,Recommended,256290,13247122,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,LongDream,"I thought this game was seriously amazing. A surprise was how much I enjoyed the combat system, it was super satisfying and tight and good a great job in making the player feel skilled and allowed the player to make satisfying choices in combat. The rest of the game was super charming, with great art and visual direction. Would reccomend to anyone looking for a fun and gripping RPG."
76561197960788065,Recommended,256290,13248511,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Phibred,"This game is perhapse the only reason I have for bothering to make an ubisoft account.  The graphics, music, writing, and pace make this an unforgettable title.Make sure to have a clock beside you while you play or you might forget to sleep."
76561197970934215,Recommended,256290,13250853,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,siranthony,"This is a wonderful game. The levels are artistic. The story is wonderful. The battles are the best I have experienced from a turn based FF style system. There is a very well done character upgrade system. This game is for all ages. My daughter and I played it together. In this day when gaming has become so dark and grotesque, this is a breath of fresh air."
76561197972367362,Recommended,256290,13253986,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Badd,"I don't like how any Ubisoft game you buy on steam makes you use Uplay more than any other person. But with that said, this game is beautiful! The art style is such terrific eye candy that I am always excited to play the game. It is not the most technical RPG, and it isn't terrifically challenging. (Definitely play on harder mode if you want it to be any challenge at all.) The the sum of its parts are a very satisfying experience."
,Recommended,256290,13264134,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Freewind,"gorgeous visual, a combat system that keeps you thinking and highly varied among characters, soft melodic piano music, plus a story with characters that are cheesy but out of ordinary, this game is everything a RPG should beplayer is intended to explore the world very thoroughly and pay attention to small details, this isn't a speed run game you take your time and slowly chew through it10/10 from me"
,Recommended,256290,13267428,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mykoplasma,A game with very beautiful graphics and an interesting plot.Fighting is turn based and reminds very much of the Final Fantasy games.Definitely a game I would recommend to others.
,Recommended,256290,13272567,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Keita 'CycoGinu' Otonashi,"Loved the game, followed the story best I could, and I'm happy with it."
,Recommended,256290,13272972,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,baldwin_charizard,This game is absolutely fantastic.  The multiplayer story mode has brilliant mechanics.  It is one of the best multiplayer experiences I have ever had.  The combat system is also a blast.  Highly recommend finding a friend and dedicating 10 hours to this game.
,Recommended,256290,19007541,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Couma,One of the best game in my life
76561198075199072,Recommended,256290,19120762,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,redsuperhero,Good Game
,Recommended,256290,18973413,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Schnail,"lovely graphics and music. wish the combats could speed up. I myself am like playing rpg, turn-based combats etcetc a lot but the combat scenes in this game gets really boring after a while for me. Oh one other thing, I hate uplay."
76561198044959295,Not Recommended,256290,18973777,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Cole,Seriously Uplay. I have tried every online solution available and it still says 'Save Failed'.The game is beautiful but Uplay sucks so bad.
,Recommended,256290,19094534,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,rotblush,"The only downside of this game is the Uplay! But everything else is awesome!A beautiful game, with an awesome soundtrack (I must say: I listened to the entire soundtrack before even playing the first quarter of the game, lol).I loved the gameplay, it was smooth. The battles.. er, tbh, sometimes I’d just feel so lazy to battle some enemies I’d bumped into accidentally, but nothing to worry about.I kind of love/hate the plot twist almost at the end, because of reasons (won’t say any spoilers), but it was so good!"
76561198086953670,Recommended,256290,19094789,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Steven,"This is a great game and I highly recommend it. Normally I play more mature content type games, but this game is a very challenging and fun game. This game is definately comparable to much older quality RPG games. If you get the chance to play this game enjoy!"
,Recommended,256290,13141820,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,leenni,Fantastic~!!!
76561198118450489,Recommended,256290,13144764,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Luna,Beautiful!
76561198005649979,Recommended,256290,13148302,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,_vwvwv_,This is a beautiful game which captivated me for 10 hours.Try playing the demo to get a feel for the battle sequences and skill tree.Highly recommended.
76561198141094975,Recommended,256290,13193899,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Jess,Visually appeasing. Captivating characters. Love the concept.Would recommend.
76561198084554095,Recommended,256290,13196968,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,stuffsya,It's nice... almost as nice as watching other people play superman 64
,Recommended,256290,13198497,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Esoterik,"One of my favorite RPG's ever. It's right up there with the PS1 days of Squaresoft titles. The story is enchanting, the graphics are immersive and stylish, the gameplay is a brilliant mix of classic turn-based, ATB style with some more manual Action RPG elements making it much less grindy and more fun.It's not as long as the classics, only lasting around 20-30hrs to just beat it for most (full completion will take more grinding and a bit more time), but If you are a classic RPG fan, DO NOT MISS THIS. It is a fantastic story/game/ride!"
,Recommended,256290,13200561,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Tweez,"Gorgeous art and an interesting story. Add some simple yet rewarding puzzles, world exploration, character advancement, and combat and you have a very compelling game. Love it.My only gripe is with the DLC. I purchased The Golem's Plight Pack since it claimed to include a quest. Sadly, the quest takes all of two minutes. I suppose the new ally is worth the price though and I probably should have known better. I may pick up the Light and Dark Aurora Packs in the future for the additional skills and improvements."
76561197961084226,Recommended,256290,13200727,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Moodie,Calling it a game is an insult to this piece of art.
76561198062616607,Recommended,256290,13200783,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Godmaw,Best Game World
76561198038364833,Recommended,256290,13204853,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ultimatebrushi,This game is extremely good. SO WORTH the price.
76561198132623795,Recommended,256290,13205229,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,RavenFCook,An immersive game play that allowes palyer go head first in this beautiful and masterfully crafted storyline. the artwork is worth noting along with the outstanding music.The sotryline itself is what really got me. the classic battle of light and darkness pitted against each other this story. Along with the story there is the artwork which mixed media of watercolor and pastel background witht he artfull graphics of the main character. this is a highly recommened game.
,Recommended,256290,13206299,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Torres,"Child of Light is a warm dreamlike, sugar coated, fuzzy and light game about a princess that does stuff. You'll get no spoilers from me. The game is easy to play, easy to pick up, easy to get into, and a joy to explore. As I am writing this I haven't finished the game. But I wanted to write it since it is on sale and maybe many of you are on the fence about it.GraphicsLike a warm fire on a cold winter day. This game shows you a world where its ok to lean back a little and smile. The use of color and the smoothness of the animation, gameplay, short cutscenes and overall world are fantastic. Everything looks like a childrens book. And that is a fun and happy place to be.GameplayIt feels like there are almost two games here. In one you lazily float around in the world and collect items. You get to see all the cute buildings in the sky and solve increasingly difficult puzzles. And in the other game you have a turn based rpg. Where you can costumize your team of characters (via skill trees) and have an influence on their equipment. The combat is fast paced and fun. There is room in it to improve and really become quite good at it. Overall the gameplay is enjoyable and there really is more game than you think there is at first glance.SoundThey have done a great job on the sound. It compliments the graphics of the game. The narrator is smooth and not obtrusive. The rhyming way the story is told really does make you feel like youre in a childrens book and further engages you in the world. Music is clean and light, I haven't tired of it and I don't think I will.StoryIt is at its core a childrens tale. The story is simple and well done. You won't be blown away by it, but expect to be charmed by it. Like just the right amount of cookies before you get sick.Overall Score 8/10.I think the only thing that kept me from giving it a higher score is that in terms of scale it isn't as big as some of the other games. I don't think it is up to par with the heavy hitters like Bioshock and Fallout. But for the price I honestly considered giving it 10/10. For this to be on sale as low as it is, is a bargain. You are getting hours and hours of gameplay. The combat will want to make you try out different things. The characters are likable, the world is sweet and dreamlike, the music is beautiful without feeling overbearing, and the story is charming. Get it, eveyone should own this game."
,Recommended,256290,13207617,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Lolibot,"This game this game. I waited a long time before getting it, until it was on sale. and i am kicking myself for not getting it sooner. It has been a long time since i was so delighted by something so simple that i actually squealed and exclaimed out loud ""i can fly!!"" and took the next 10 minutes just flying around because it was funthe naritive is wonderful, the artwork is so very very pretty.if constant rhyming bothers you the narritive MIGHT bug you, but ya know what? get over it and play this because it is well worth it!"
76561198062367983,Recommended,256290,13208723,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,SamLah,"This game is absolutely beautiful, Where Okami takes some of the Japanese Lore and traditional music, this game it feels like to me does that with the European artwork and music, just absolutely gorgeous songs. Beyond that the Storytelling is in my opinion, magnificent, both with the narrator and the characters themselves. I also have to say get prepared for rhymes, the way people talk to others is poetic and constantly in rhymes, which made me like the game a lot more. To sum it all up, you're playing a poetic fairytale and it is beautiful."
76561198094268887,Recommended,256290,14489981,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Jurkfitz,"Wonderful game. The artwork and the soundtrack are beautiful, and the gameplay is also pretty good.Definitely a 10/10."
76561198087967175,Recommended,256290,14491000,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,deathmage390,"Great game. good gameplay, 8/10 story. beatiful in all aspects. and a great soundtrack. cant go wrong with this game."
76561197977176286,Recommended,256290,14551821,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,The Desman,"For all intents and purposes, Aurora was deadAnd yet... once upon a time. She awoke in a strange land insteadA land who sees no tomorrowwhispered fears of hopeless sorrowOn a hill amidst a sea of greenA remnant of all that's beenRising like the long lost sunThus her story had begunThe little girl who had departedLeaving behind the brokenheartedA child of duty beholdenFrom an ancestry so goldenTook cause with a world in needTo ensure their stolen light was freedAll you could hear and all you can seeIntertwines, elegantlyFairy-tail mist from a world of oldSwirl around with life untoldAspects that would her journey defineAlso made her cause to be mineOf somber heart and with a painted faceYet tenderly loving and full of graceOne of them who'd join us on our questwhom I feeling into would investThey were a lot and as suchPerhaps one or two too muchI think all of us suspectedAnd to some degree expectedA queen of night, clothed in despairDeceptively deadly and of darkness fairBut she was hollow in her coreAnd left me wishing for moreWhenever you use your voiceWhenever you make a choiceWhenever you carry a sword and fightWhether it's for wrong or rightEach step on the road of life's that's takenThe you who'll be will slowly awakenThe power of stars and moon so brightBlessings of good or a curse of lightPerhaps not harbingers of a time deniedJust mere reflections of what's true insideEarly insights in a time of warOur princess, a child no more- Linus Lindgren"
76561198086505175,Recommended,256290,13399821,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,[POEX]An-Tarxamon,"My rating for Child of Light: 100/100This game deserves it.  It shows a fairy tale. rich story, which changes dramatically and show us, that sometimes we have to grow to gain, what we want. Artistic impressions are beyond most games limits.""Child. Tuck yourself in bedAnd let me tell a storyOf Lemuria, a long lost kingdom,And a girl born for glory.""Story is rich and contains a lot of details, that give the chance to think about it. Despair, aspiration, resolution, fights and even love, are present during each moment of the game. All is situated as a fairy tale, but it is not only pretty and cheerful, but many times, it goes right under the skin and draws into the storyline, desinged as a poetry, there is even a storyteller here!Characters surprise in variety, their progress can also be seen during playthrough. Leading by firstly hesitating, then decisive Aurora, against forces of Queen of Night. Their changes are sometimes shocking, loyals are betrayed, exiled forgiven, sad became joyful, love fulfilled. There can by seen inspirations even from mythologies, like Cuchulain (celtic, here Kategida leader). Also, they interact within the party, revealing another deep ideas and findings. Mystic presence of Queen of Light linked with Aurora's dad's fate are completing this mosaic. Not forgetting the shiny, cheerful firefly, called Igniculus.Visual is beyond my expectations. Style looks like painted with watercolors, animations are precise, all looks soft and filled with magic. Backgrounds show variety and are meaningful for actual game moment.Soundtrack is also a masterpiece. Under the active supervision of Coeur de Pirate, we have here a composition of piano, violin, flute and other instruments, that help to enhance the atmosphere.  If you are eager to, there is a chance to buy it on Coeur's bandcamp for a reasonable price.Battles are designed in old-style RPG's as turns, combined with real-time element. This gives an opportunity to interact and make strategic moves to turn odds in your favor. But beware, some creatures are better not to be interrupted, which leads me to point, that also there is a chance of counterattack, what makes fights even more interesting.This brings me also to multiplayer. Second player can control Igniculus and be helpful taking unreachable chests and during fights slowing enemies and healing our characters. Roles are different for each player, which gives accent on teamwork. Believe me, everything is much easier then.There are some negatives, but they are not directly linked to the game, that is why I mention them here separately and do not affect my rating.Firstly, you have to have uPlay installed, which can be annoying, on the other side, completing the achievements gives you points to receive refinements for this and another uPlay linked games.Secondly, your CPU have to support microarchitecture SSE4, SSE4a for AMDs. So, do not be shocked, if your speed is sufficient, but text message will state, that is outdated. This is not mentioned in minimum requirements, but that is mistake for Ubisoft and Ubisoft Montréal, not game alone.I would also be glad to purchade the soundtrack with the game as some form of bundle, but this is just my desire, what was already fulfilled in another way (via bandcamp).To sum it up, if you are fun of high quality RPGs, fairy tales, rich stories, crystallis music, poetry, you do not have to look as many games to fill all your requirements. There is one, Child of Light, which joins them all.Aurora: ""Locked""Igniculus: ""I am not shocked.""Breathtaking. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,256290,13405080,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,TreacherousMoon,"Frankly, a must have to RPG fans, especially to JRPG fans. the whole game seems like a fairytale, the beautiful art, the amazing music, the lovely characters, especially Aurora."
,Recommended,256290,13297806,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,keltron,Beautiful game. Pretty fun RPG. Buy it on sale and it's totally worth it.
76561197970886316,Recommended,256290,13299211,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,CharonSquared,"Excellent combat and beautiful graphics. Simple but rewarding crafting system. Levelling up is a little simplistic, with only three paths to place your skills in, but with several characters it's probably for the best that you don't have to analyze each character's skill trees for half an hour to figure out what you want to focus on."
76561198044568567,Recommended,256290,13210476,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,RoX,I have nothing to say except that I love this game to bits. Many thanks to those who created it
,Recommended,256290,13211270,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,A Nifty Vacuum,"Amazing graphics, music, gameplay, and story. Best thing I bought during the Winter Sale. Definitely pick it up if you're into turn based RPGs.10/10"
76561198123294656,Recommended,256290,13212525,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Freikorptrasher,"This game is like a fairytale.....or rather a JRPG fairytaleI love the visuals, the simple battle mechanics and melancholy yet fulfilling storyline.I see this game as a palate cleanser after finishing any AAA game and before moving to another. Nonetheless, I love this game"
,Recommended,256290,13232249,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,317 | splinterx7,"Awesome game, brilliant balance of story telling and thoughtful battle sequences"
76561198081406701,Recommended,256290,13237315,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,caioKen,Beautifully done.
76561198097716715,Recommended,256290,18408759,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ichthyic,"This was a fun, relaxing rpg/adventure game.  Good game for the family to play together.  The two difficulty modes are well balanced, and the hard mode gives just enough challenge to require some thought going into some of the battles.You can grind for items and experience if you want, or you can just plow right through and still finish with just a bit more difficulty added.The artwork is quite a refreshing change from the usual fare.  Worth adding to your library."
,Recommended,256290,18411342,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,dmitriy_dokshin,"Прекрасная игра! Покупая, думал, что будет похожа на Rayman (прыгать! бежать! вот это всё…). Не тут-то было! Пока поиграл только пару часов. Но уже за это время стало понятно, что тут довольно многогранный геймплей, удивительно объдиняющий аркаду и стратегию, бесконечно красивый и душевный мир. Мимимишность зашкаливает в хорошем смысле."
,Recommended,256290,18426328,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,xxX_Vanila-Lover-74_Xxx,"well i can say its a very cool game+Epic story+Good fighting mechanic+Nice Artwork-If you have a PC that is not really compatible with this game the game will run ""slomotion""I cant say anyting about the price as i bought it with a -90% discount for like 2 bucks *evil face*"
,Recommended,256290,18429736,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Andy,I love the game's art design and it really feels good to play a game like this. The art and gameplay is just amazing.
76561198056536756,Recommended,256290,18436812,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,mundevel1,"For what it is, I enjoyed it.   Good story, easy to pick up game play, and a new game+ feature."
,Recommended,256290,18435826,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Almo,gud♥♥♥♥♥♥bruh
76561198012662469,Recommended,256290,18436311,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Paxtoranius,"Once started you just have to see what happens next. The graphics are smooth and very well crafted, similar to opening the pages of a beautiful coloured and animated storybook,the motion of characters easily connected to your expectations. I only have a few hours on this game but it is fast becoming a favourite 'go back to' daily.The setting and storyline would beg a movie from Disney as you take Aurora into a dark and fascinating world of shadows and hope.In most games I would expect to find something that irritates me usually a missing part of the 'learning curve' but even though you have to figure out how to use stuff that you pick up it is quite easy to do so. There are surprises that arrive when you least expect them and not all are baddies, there are also some cute ones that add to the story and strengthen your character traits.Visually it is simply delightful and has very good replayability. I am very happy to have this in my library."
,Recommended,256290,18375005,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Knock Knock,Fun. Beautifully animated. Well worth the money.
76561198007095386,Recommended,256290,18375209,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Lemon1990,"While playing threw this game, I kept staring over because I didn't want it to end."
76561198107076132,Recommended,256290,18376031,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,PoseidonK,THIS GAME IS SO BEAUTIFUL AND THE MUSIC IS SO GOOD. 100/10
,Recommended,256290,18376236,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Sinndra,"This game is whimsical and fun to play. The art and music are amazing and the story, while simple and not tooo terribly overly original at the point I've played to, is still entertaining. I would suggest people give it a try!"
,Recommended,256290,18371832,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Steelheart101,"This is one of the most beautiful games I have ever played. The story line is just amazing, the graphics are just beautiful and I can not get enough. If you love a great storyline then this is the game for you!"
76561198068422695,Recommended,256290,18372351,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,나는 나 자신을 죽이고있다.,A wonderfull game ♥
76561198164362851,Recommended,256290,14782482,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,rhconn,Super fun game. Story is all rymes and a bit strange but tons of fun. Worth a play through
,Recommended,256290,14785416,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ranka,"Stunning Game. Practically, the whole thing is a poem. (No, really, everything rhymes.)Also the watercolo(u)r graphicstyle fits perfectially into the setting. It provides the game with that childish and playful atmosphere, that emphasizes Aurora's character, since she still is a child.All mixed up with a classic RPG-Battlesystem it's simply a brilliant Game, even if it's not that long. (around 15-20h)"
76561198164148168,Recommended,256290,14765368,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,euphoriathebrave,"i loved this game, it has beautiful art and a very interesting story line! I highly recommend it"
76561198114834400,Recommended,256290,13984633,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,FFNFU,"It is simple RPG yet so beautiful. The story, the background, the music, everything is beautiful. Worth your while if you're looking for relaxing RPG. I mean, unlike most RPG game i played that get on my nerves when leveling. Thumbs up!"
76561198056429048,Recommended,256290,13990103,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Belsnickel,"Played this for seven hours in one day never really played a turn based RPG before so I was skeptical at first but it turns out I love it! Not only is the gameplay fun but the scenery is beyound beautiful haven't had a game awe me to where I just look at it in a while this is definitely an under rated game, the only complaint I have toward this game is that some of the enemies look boring. There is a part where you get to rock creatures and when I seen I was confused for a game this beautiful you would think they would have just as amazing creatures, but I digress this game is still fun to play and I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,256290,14005795,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Phroday,"A very good atb rpg. The music is fantastic. The gameplay is rock solid and in the vein of Paper Mario or South Park. Not too difficult, but rewards excellent strategy. The visuals are absolutely beautiful with a wonderfully done watercolor aesthetic. A+"
,Recommended,256290,18362072,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,~| Mare S.Ephemeral |~,"Lovely game with a wonderfoul soundtrack, even now, a few months after i played this game the soundtrack still gives me the same feeling from when i played the game."
,Recommended,256290,18362127,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Alee,Wings 10/10
,Recommended,256290,18370164,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Dr.ProfessorSir,"Pros:Interesting (though predictable) storyGreat skill tree progressionBeautiful localesOrchestra-like musical scoresCons:Awkward story pacingTough to master battle systemGrinding needed to advance at some pointsOverall:I absolutely recommend this game. However, I would recommend that players only interested in the story play on Easy mode as Expert mode has some very steep difficulty cliffs."
76561198137390444,Recommended,256290,18370201,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,D0NTK1LLMEE,"its asking me for the CD KEY, i bought the game already, where do i find that?"
,Recommended,256290,18369383,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ararebuttfungus,"For the amount of time I've played it so far, Child of Light is very whimsical in nature. It's a sidescroller with some pretty nice artwork in the background; the combat is fairly simple abeit somewhat unique in which there is a cast bar time and a window for you to slow down your opponents and get off more moves. I would reccomend picking up this title, although perhaps on sale. The music is nice, the story is interesting. I feel like I'm playing an old folk-lore faery tale from a book."
,Recommended,256290,18364005,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,BattleKasi,One of the best games I have played in a very long time. Definitely worth picking up and playing all the way thru!
,Recommended,256290,18363084,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,CHOOSE MEMES OVER DRUGS,Game is pretty awesomeLove the sound tracksince its cheap now get all teh DLC too
76561198037253886,Recommended,256290,18422275,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Veridian,"Positives:In a game where storytelling is the narration style, immersion is so important. Ubisoft hit it spot on. The quests, the vibrant areas, beautiful and fitting musical score, little details like a classroom of crows that you may miss if you aren't looking for it, it's all lovely. Lemuria is so alive! It keeps tugging on my curiosity strings every step of the way. What strange monsters and lush scenery will I discover next? Just feels like a constant flow of rewards.Minor negatives:Some of the poetry, flavor texts, are beyond my level of comprehension. They add a layer of mystery to the feel of the game though, so I can't complain about flavor text. They're necessary. Expert mode can be very hard, especially later with a certain three-headed boss. Some of the puzzles have my heart racing lolI never have reviewed any game out of the many owned, but this deserves every word of praise. Right now, I reached the Plains of Rambert and my mind thought ""Oh my goodness it's just getting better and better! This deserves a review! I want to spread the joy to people who haven't played!"" Granted it's not for everyone, some may think that they are too mature for this sort of game, but there is a sense of mystery and adventure that can captivate any age group."
76561197995051622,Recommended,256290,18495941,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Sheilin,"First, I have to say I love this game. I was a bit scared it was going to be incredibly short like some of the other games I've played recently due to a few reviews claiming it was. I rarely play a game more than once even if it has a Game+ mode. Even with the first play though, I spent 24 hours on it and I didn't find all of the chests and things. I'm sure I could stretch it out pretty decently if I tried. I did have to put it on casual. The first half of the game I played in expert, but it got a lot harder with the bosses so I had to put it on casual. I really wish there was just a normal mode.I love the story, the art, and the music. The gameplay, although received negative reviews, was actually really fun. It was a bit different but it kind of reminded me of Final Fantasy 13 battle mechanics(which I love). I just wish I could have had three party members instead of only two. Switching out was sometimes difficult because the one I needed healed was also the one I needed to swap a lot of the time. It really made me think."
,Recommended,256290,18495560,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Charxy,"Simple, fairy tale-ish, time killing RPG."
76561198077521746,Recommended,256290,18498104,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Sheercold,"Beautiful artworks, rhyme dialogues everywhere. And some real-life issues are blended in greatly and straightforward like in those kid's books."
,Recommended,256290,12869965,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Diabolos,"Positives: Good story, excellent atmosphere, quirky and entertaining dialog, combat system that's more than just pressing buttons and waiting for numbers to pop up.Negatives: Uplay"
,Recommended,256290,12940544,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Anitsu,"I bought this game thinking it was just a PC game, but I was surprised when I found out it was a port. The controls are very fluid and it honestly felt like a PC game. The story is great, and it's a pretty long game. This game is totally worth it."
,Recommended,256290,12982998,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,The CZ-ining,"I have no words about this game. Beautiful artwork, incredible battles, and the ""feels"" you will recieve make for a masterfully made game. Theres no doubt this is the best game i played so far.10/10"
76561197993516616,Recommended,256290,13171318,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,dragon-42,"Child of Light is a wonderful story with platformer exploration and typical Final Fantasy style combat. You have more skills than you can fill so you will choose how to make your characters effective. A limited combat system with easy fighter swapping makes for tactical choices in combat.The story is told well, rhyming most of the time, and when it is not, it is for comedic value. The art is wonderful and in the style of (to me) watercolor.A wonderful game to relax and just enjoy. And, your 'firefly' will give you some abilities you might not expect. While it is supposed to be able to be used as a second player, I don't think it would be fun. I played it solo."
,Recommended,256290,11016191,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,FoReVeR,Every little thing about this game is .... amazing.
,Recommended,256290,12377280,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,hughman,pros:fungood storygood art stylerhymingcons:requires uplay
76561198067606259,Recommended,256290,13114496,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Guaxinim,"I love this game, the art is awesome, the music is awesome, the gameplay is awesome, the history is awesome and the ending is awesome <3 penta awesome"
76561198053541321,Recommended,256290,13114871,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ziffi_green,"Beautiful graphics, well written story and an amazing soundtrack."
,Recommended,256290,13042540,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,FatKarate,"Put asside the fact this game is Ubisofts attempt to be ""indie"" for a second. It is a really great game. Beutiful in its art style, story and music. The dialog is simply poetic and for the base price you get a decent amount of it through game play.  The dlc is a hot topic for some but i think its all unnecessary with the possible exception of the golem dlc.  All in all child of light is a gread game and worth every penny. Enjoy"
76561198094446946,Recommended,256290,12999185,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Sensei,One of the best games i ever played. The game is story rich and with epic sound track. Visual effects are amazing. I started new game+ but this time with gamepad and it feel the same way like when i first time played it. Game is worth every penny and would buy it again :)11/10
,Recommended,256290,12999750,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,MalaNala,This game is lovely!!
76561198068089393,Recommended,256290,12976857,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Alfredao,"Beautiful game, cool turn based strategy, lots of gameplay value"
,Not Recommended,256290,19636204,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Subli,The game was goodUntil Uplay decided that I wasn`t supposed to play it....F**k uPlay
76561198076084516,Recommended,256290,19581561,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Alaris,"Amazing game. Beautiful, fun and touching. The ending is a bit rushed, but the story and delivery are superb."
76561198144021192,Recommended,256290,19737618,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,techaraptor,"beautiful game with touching story. everything is written 0in verse, so the atmosphere is pretty awesome 10/10."
76561198099600911,Not Recommended,256290,19741090,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,@thc,playu
,Recommended,256290,19742032,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Smu,Game was fun. Battles were simple enough to enjoy but had elements of strategy involved.
,Recommended,256290,30380332,Posted: 7 March,all,waelhadaya,"First of all, I think this is a must have for any Turn-Based RPG fan, almost everything about it is perfect, it’s simply very charming.The artwork, the atmosphere, the characters, the gameplay mechanics, the music, they are amazing, especially the music it’s so beautiful and emotional it makes a great memory for me, although I wish there were more tracks, sometimes they tend to repeat a little bit.I enjoyed the combat system so much, I stand to be corrected but I think it’s one of kind, I mean the way it handles the turn is so immersive, the way you can gain advantage and disadvantages based on the way you attack enemies (normal, getting ambushed, or surprise attack) is unique as well, the way you collect wishes to replenish HP and MP is nice and fun too.The way the story was written is again so beautiful, the way the text rhymes is one of a kind and I disagree with people thinking that it gets old, actually it’s so well written and perfectly woven from start to end, kudos to the developers for such an artistic touch.I lost count of all the thing this game does perfectly, but there are a very few minor cons as well even though they didn’t affect my experience at all, for example most of the potions you collect are useless, you have them as spells, also why can’t I use three protagonist instead of two? It feels like this game was designed for three anyway, also the leveling tree felt a bit messy sometimes, and I can’t help but to notice a balancing problem, and without spoiling anything, the way you can abuse the paralyze system end game makes the game too easy as you can literally freeze your enemies the whole game and win flawlessly.All in all this is a great game, a must have in my opinion even full price, I finished this game in 24 hours, but half of that time was just grinding to level up (I love doing that in RPG’s), it felt hard to say goodbye to this one after finishing it, I give this game an excellent 9 out of 10."
76561198001714815,Recommended,256290,10737830,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,tolliver,"Basically, this is what all the reviews say it is: gorgeous, interesting, but eventually the attempted poetry of the dialogue gets to be old. It is not *quite* artful, and if you can set that aside and enjoy the game without considering it too much, you will enjoy this. The little gameplay twists really did it for me."
,Recommended,256290,10742042,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PhoenixKoop,"This game... Wow, 11/10. The art is absolutely breathtaking, the music is unquestionably awesome & the story is adorably creative. The battle system is turn-based with a timeline that allows you to speed up how often your characters can attack, slow down how often your enemies can attack or interrupt your enemies ability casts. These & a few other intersting mechanics make the turn-based combat refreashing. All of the narration & every conversation throughout the game is all done in rhyme. It's amazing to read. I can not recommend this game highly enough. It has earned a permanent spot on my list of favorite games.The Making Of Child Of Light -Part 1:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PCSB9XPWVEPart 2:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-rTXUxDkE8Part 3:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1aT-fsytVg"
76561198073088368,Recommended,256290,10855055,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,The Silent One,This is a great RPG with some pretty good music & characters each with their own different elemental attacks & abilities. THe only gripe I have with this game and this is just my opinion is the constant rhyming in this game. If you like to play a really good RPG with extremely good music & graphics. This is your game.
76561197993330353,Recommended,256290,10855459,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Nightingale,"Somewhat short, but absolutlely a game worth playing."
,Recommended,256290,12381385,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,darkangelazuarl,The art style and music were wonderfull and maintained quality throughout the game.  I do wish they had added more voice naration during key cut scenes.  The existing voice acting and music do set the mood very well.  Overall it was an enjoyable game.
,Recommended,256290,12383127,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Marshie,"Brilliant game. I wasn't a big fan for 2D games like this. I bought it because it's on sale and all the positive reviews.I regreted why I didn't buy it earlier.I was thinking to play half an hour before going to bed, I end up playing for the whole 4 hours.The battling system is well-made. Instead of just blindly clicking attack attack attack, you can actually interact with it.The animation is smooth and the drawings are just amazing.The soundtrack are also amazing, totally fits the theme and is just a plain pleasure to ears.The only down side of this game is it's unclear instruction and maps. I've got lost a few time :/But over all this is a brilliant game! totally recommand it."
76561198071869908,Recommended,256290,12385552,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Cirius,"AMAZING, WHY DONT YOU HAVE THIS, WHYYYYYYYYYYY!?"
,Recommended,256290,12397155,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Chellie,"Aesthetically,Child of Lightis really quite beautiful.  All the backgrounds were hand drawn in water color, and you can really see the care and effort that went into it.  The character design is also ridiculously cute.  (Mouse Village!)As for the game play, it was really simple and perhaps too easy.  I didn't die at any point in the game and the last boss died before I really noticed what was happening.  The story is cute, but other than that, it didn't really stand out to me.  Most of the time I found myself flying around in circles to watch Aurora's hair swoosh back and forth...Basically, it's a cutely drawn game with a cute story.  If you're looking for something challenging, this definitely isn't for you.  Also, for those who are wondering, none of the DLC is worth buying unless you want skins....which don't really add anything to the experience."
,Recommended,256290,12399068,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,OM3,"Turn based combat with a pinch of real time strategy, some RPG elements, good music and an interesting story 8.75/10"
76561198047252327,Recommended,256290,12448673,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Solomonaefredichen,"Great game of the JRPG genre. the art, music and simple but enjoyable story blend together extremly well to create a cohesive fairy tale like experience. The turn based battles require decent thought to balance damage dealing and surviving while taking advantage of the ability to interupt opponents while considering the possibility of being interupted.  approximatley 15 hrs of gameplay (if you are intent on finding the chest on the open world) with a new game+ for those interested. definitley looking forward for ubisofts next JRPG sequel to Child of light.Should note that Uplay is required and can be an issue when trying get the game up and running."
76561198065754899,Recommended,256290,11092856,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,redrightampersand,"I wish I was telling people something they didn't already know about this game.  It is absolutely gorgeous and combat is challenging without being punishing.  The story is very strong as well, though a handful of times they rhymes get a little sing-song-y, which definitely pulls you out of the experience.  Totally recommend this game."
76561198134701797,Recommended,256290,11094243,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Rapscallion_Lad,"This plays like a ""my first RPG"" but that is not a mark against it, it has a good amount of depth and nuance to get your through the game and really enjoy it. it's rather short but the world is an inviting one that warrants exploration. in terms of battle its nice throwback to the snes era but it does give you a bit of an advantage with igniculus and the game does not let you organize your battle set-up, you have to do it during battle. the score is well rounded and has a rly epic boss battle theme reminiscent of pokemon. this is a good gift for a kid 8-10 and something you'll enjoy playing while they are sleeping or to buy for yourself. one thing that did irritate me was the rhyming, it was more miss than hit for me. 8/10"
76561198053452260,Recommended,256290,11234780,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,PCmasterrace,I absolutely adored this game. It was visually appealing in every way imaginable. Gameplay was also very enjoyable. The only critique that I have would be there was no voices for the dialouge. I would have to loved to experience how the creators would have been able to do that.
76561198070066261,Recommended,256290,14908016,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Sigma119,This story has literally made me shed a tear. It's so heartbreaking but exciting at the same time. This game will absolutely hook anybody you lays a hand on it.
76561198086515329,Recommended,256290,14910813,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Rick,Great game!
,Recommended,256290,14912127,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Rem Can Ward And Help too,Although I had to use Uplay but it was totally worth it.This game is just insanely good.Would probably buy another key as birthday gift for my friends.
76561197969422595,Recommended,256290,14887278,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,esimonh,"Beautiful game that relies on the mystique of prose to paint a lavish story of family and overcoming betrayal.  Nice combat system and upgrade tree system.  I enjoyed crafting gems for more powerful attributes.  The music and the poetry, though, was the major reason the story-telling was so gripping."
76561198103216271,Recommended,256290,14914036,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Zumoku,"I had recently posted a bad reveiw for this game, due to the crazyness you have to go through just for it to work. But im changing my reveiw on it now cause I got help and now everything is great. This game is amazing, the puzzles are great and the storyline is pretty good, has a really cool set of skills and spells to choose from and the fighting is fun.For others whole might have the same issue i did, when making an account on Uplay, it wouldnt connect to the server, so I got ahold of Uplay on Facebook and got help. Seems all I needed to do was turn off a setting in the options and I was good to go."
,Recommended,256290,14978995,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Ghusjil,"I can legitimateally say that this game is the best game I have ever played. The soundtrack is gorgeous the environemts are immersive and beautiful. The story is brilliant and I could reccomend no game more than this one. The second I started the game I remembered my childhood and the stories I used to dream up with my friends, it makes me long for the summer days in which I explored the forest around my house. This game is truly a work of art. Uplay seems unnesecarry but it does not hinder the gameplay and is only a minor hinderance. It is worth every penny that is put into it. In a time where most games focus on strength war and brutality, this game isa breath of fresh air. The combat is simple yet so rewarding. The exploration is not tedeous and the game makes you care about the characters and the story. Again, there is no game I could recommend more than this one."
,Recommended,256290,15072886,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Bert,"I enjoy indie games, so it will come as no shock that I reccomend this game to indie lovers. If you aren't into a decently paced story, quirky characters, a fun and decently quick paced turn based battle system, or rpg enjoyer then don't pick up this game. Released in a year of stagnent games and indie titles mucking up the name of indies, this was a pleasant gem I managed to find from ubisoft. Definitely pick it up if its on sale, its worth a play through with a new game + mode and a great soundtrack, its the replayability is decent."
,Recommended,256290,15076731,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,初音ミク,"good, really fun game, and music is too soothing"
76561198089269298,Recommended,256290,15079148,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Clara,"The colors are beautiful. The story line is poetic and intriguing. There is honestly no reason for you to pass this game up. It is a wonderful world where you lose track of time and almost make yourself late for work :) I think I paid $5 for this game since it was on sale. But knowing that this is such a good game, it's worth buying even when it's not on sale. It certainly is not a waste of money!"
,Recommended,256290,15070213,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,twitch.tv/bboytruen,"Pretty fun game. Finished in a little under 10 hours. Any longer would've been boring. The story was okay, the dialogue was eh, the music was great, and the battle mechanics is why I would recommend this game. Only thing I really didn't like is not being able to customize characters before stepping into a boss battle. Boss battles were triggered too unexpectedly. Overall fun to play :)"
,Recommended,256290,14385866,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,RudyMustache,"My Favorite Game,, Great Art, great ost, great Story is perfect"
,Recommended,256290,13806347,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Decapitator,"I'm really enjoying this game so far. The artwork, music, movement (flying is AWESOME) and combat systems are fantastic. Having been a HOMM player for a very, very long time and an avid Kings Bounty fan, the combat system hasn't taken long to pick up and master in expert mode and I'm really, really impressed by the execution of it.uPlay hasn't caused any problems with playing the game so far (it took me over a year to finally get HOMM6 working) and long may this continue. I would still love to hopefully see Ubisoft see the error of their ways and abolish uPlay alltogether and just partner with Steam to distribute their games.The only thing I don't really like about the game is that all of the dialogue is poetry. I don't like poetry.I don't like poetry because it's in my nature to speak plainly and poetry is speaking about things as if they were behind a veil."
,Recommended,256290,15160370,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,MistyNight,"So, I bought this game on a whim one day, and it took me a little while to actually sit down and play it.I wasn't expecting much to be honest, just a nice little game to pass the time.The little expectations I had got blown out of the water entirely.TL;DR: :1.You have to download a third party program to play, but it's not very intrusive, so I barely noticed it.2. THE GAME IS AMAZING AND BEAUTIFUL AND BEAUTIFUL AND BEAUTIFUL, BUY IT RIGHT NOW. 11/10Every part of this game comes together as a perfect package with a clear theme, it all fits so incredibly well!The voice acting for our storyteller is soothing, beautiful and grabs your attention. The dialogue for her (and everyone else really) is simple yet poetic and I really appreciate the rhymes and such which increases the feeling of immersion into this bedtime story world.The visuals are absolutely stunning, and if you spend enough time in areas and/or are observant enough, you will see background animations that are equally engrossing even though they're just there for exactly that; background that you're not necessarily expected to notice.The story itself is simple, beautiful and a little ""scary"" at times, just like a good bedtime story should be.And the music is perfect for this game, I know I keep using the word beautiful, but that's what this game is, so I'll repeat it; The music is BEAUTIFUL. I also really appreciated the sound effects, like the oddly pleasing sound of our main characters bare feet tapping against the ground when you walk.Personally, I love turn-based combat which this game uses, I also liked the added ""realtime"" component of using a helper to slow down/heal which makes you have to strategize quickly about what you want to do.You can to a certain degree choose how you want to evolve your character(s), do you want to be mage-y or fighter-y?Choose between playing defensive and offensive, will you focus on boosting your team or jinxing your enemy? Or maybe you'll go all out offensive and choose only fighters and have them use items for HP and boosts when needed? It's up to  you.Not sure I appreciated using the ""2 player"" mode all the time, (you move one character with the keyboard and a helper with your mouse) but it didn't annoy me either, so it's neither a plus nor a minus.It IS a minus though that they present it as a 2 player mode kind of thing, it would be incredibly boring for the person playing the helper unless they were usually the kind who preferred watching others play.Lovely little quest-system, with some optional side-quests that you can do for items.Crafting of oculi - Meh, felt kind of tiresome and chaotic at times, but at least it's made sort of useful after a while.All in all the most important part of this game is the story and you really feel like you're in one when you play, and it's a story you're going to want to hear/play again and again for many nights to come.Also! Plus for awesome female protagonist that's not sexualised in any way but simply amazing."
,Recommended,256290,10158974,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,changtau2005,"A beautiful world realised in watercolour - evocative music that brings out the all-encompassing dull ache of loss and longing of its protagonist, who awoke in a strange new world, alone and afraid, wanting nothing more than to see her dear father again. This game has plenty of heart, a straightforward story, simple, poetic writing, and an atmosphere unlike any other."
,Recommended,256290,13990968,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,mikecz,"I highly reccomend this game for anyone who loves indie RPG's. The story, music, visuals, gameplay and characters are very well put together. You feel like you are part of the fantasy world Lemuria and forget you are just playng a game. With that said At 15 dollars its a steal at 5 dollars on sale there is just no excuse not to buy it."
76561198058851558,Recommended,256290,13979054,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,k00p,"Child of Light is a casual platformer with combat vaguely reminiscent of some Final Fantasies; uniquely and creatively simple and engaging. It is not a difficult game by nature, though the more challenging of the game’s difficulty levels does compel one to spend at least some time thinking about their tactics and fighting enemies they could otherwise bypass to gain levels (not a bad thing at all, imo). I found myself impressed with the effectiveness of the design; it satisfies every basic expectation I'd have of any RPG.That said, the relaxing gameplay is simply a vessel for the game’s beautiful imagery, atmosphere, and story. The protagonist is a young girl named Aurora from Austria who awakens in a fantasy world, Lemuria, where she must restore hope for its denizens by reclaiming the moon and stars from the night. An array of eccentric companions join her on the quest, each possessing their own unique personality and abilities which become invaluable as she battles wolves, gargoyles, wraiths, giants, and other fiends. The entirety of the story is told in dialogue, and the entirety of the dialogue is told in loose rhyme, creating a very pure form of fairy tale to experience.Child of Light offers not only a lovely story and world to explore and save, but tops it all off with an outstanding soundtrack that echoes Lemuria’s own beauty and conflict. I’ve spent countless hours listening to it even while not playing; if you value music at all, it is easily Child of Light’s best quality and I strongly recommend looking some of it up online if you're curious.It can be noted that in order to play Child of Light, you will need to download Uplay and create an account. Most of the negative comments regarding CoL seem to revolve around this minor inconvenience, but I didn’t find it to be a considerable bother in the least. If you’re unfamiliar, Uplay simply runs in the background and can be likened to Steam, Origin, or similar programs. It takes minutes to download, puts no measurable load on the CPU, and can be literally forgotten about thereafter.*   *   *   *   *Child of Light is a fantastic game with enjoyable gameplay, quaint characters, fascinating atmosphere, charming story, and beautiful music."
,Recommended,256290,16485494,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BrownCoat40,"Previously I left a bad review. Child of Light doesn't really support different graphics options. I had no graphics card at the time, and no matter what game or computer settings I used, the game ran at about 1/4 speed. My experience was not unique; a lot of people had this problem. Even bringing it down to resolutions seen 10 years ago didn't fix it.Update-I got a 750 Ti and now the game runs perfectly. I still feel as if I should have been able to run this using on-board graphics with reduced resolution. Now that I'm running at full speed, I can see how artful both the gameplay and story of this game is. Leveling comes easy and the story progresses smoothly. It's an absolute joy to play.Also, once you deal with the original setup of Uplay, it runs fine. A minor annoyance, but it's not a deal-breaker"
,Recommended,256290,17458198,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,mochiinvasion,"you could call this a 2d platformer, but i feel it would do an injustice to it, especially as platforming becomes less relevant as soon as (spoilers) you can fly! (no spoilers)simply put this game is very fun, not that long but certainly worth your money, and absolutely beautiful. the art is fantastic, the soundtrack gorgeous, and i fell in love with the characters immediately. the fight system can be confusing at the start btu i worked it out quite quickly, and the same with the oculi system tbh.the one criticism i would have is that seeing as the party is so varied, once you find your fighting style, you don't use the others much/at all - i don't think i used tristis or gen once. also, yes, on easy mode the slow-mo can be annoying, but i actuallly found it helpful and that it made the game enjoyable as i could take my time and wasn't constantly stressed. tbh, i just wish there was more of it!(also, to everyone complaining about uplay, stop it. yes it's annoyin you have to install it, especially if you just want to play the game, but once it's there it's fine, it's helpful in game or at least i found it so, and if it breaks the game that's something on your end, because it worked just fine for me jfc.)"
,Recommended,256290,17458425,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,U B E R,"Games looks interesting, nice set, beautiful art style, great sounds, and then... Uplay. OK i will think it again.but why not give it a chance?why we throw it just 1 cons?"
76561198140307403,Recommended,256290,11101824,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,booty,Surprisingly a very fun game. Definitely worth checking out.
76561197979535847,Recommended,256290,12791108,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,✪ ROYALIZZLEEEE,Awesome game!
,Recommended,256290,13279321,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Hujan Lebat,"Amazing soundtrack paired with the good plot, it is a great game."
76561198153594939,Recommended,256290,13279565,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,xelhes05,"First and most importantly, the game is absolutely amazing to look at. The visuals, along with the soundtrack, are what make the game so enjoyable for me and the main reason I have replayed it a few times. The art style reminds me of a pop-up book with a hand drawn feel to it, all the characters minus Aurora and a few others (who are 3D models) matching this 2D storybook art style. Everything about the art is gorgeous and the 3D models contrast really well with the 2D, clearly showing the difference between the inhabitants Lemuria and the real world.The story of the game itself is incredibly short and ends rather abruptly, which makes the ending seem disjointed, rushed, and almost as if the game itself was not finished. A girl, named Aurora, is the daughter of a Duke who loves her very much and her mother has passed away before the start of the story. Eventually the Duke remarries and one night when Aurora goes to bed she falls ill then dies in her sleep, yet awake in a strange land called Lemuria rather than being truly dead. The plot is rather simplistic though the narrator does a great job of conveying it to the player through poetry, much like most of the game's dialogue.The combat system is your typically turn based rpg with the added twist that if you or the enemy take a hit while in the red ""casting"" portion of the action bar, you effecively lose your turn and are send back to the beginning (or 30% for the enemy) of the action bar. Battle effects are cute but not in large variety and later I found that some battles required either a little bit of grinding or some item tossing every few turns. Characters themselves have mostly defined roles in combat (buffer, healer, critical hitter, magic user, etc) minus the main character Aurora who is able to deal decent physical and magical damage (healing as well if you got her DLC).Child of Light also has a very good musical score with almost every piece of music being good to great in quality and fitting the atmosphere of the scene it is used in. However, there are not too many different tunes in the game and you will quickly realise that the game reuses the same tunes constantly. For me this was not a huge issue as I enjoyed the music a lot but later on I did eventually start to tune the music out unconciously.Gameplay is alright as well though nothing too new for anyone who has played a platformer. As Aurora you travel the land of Lemuria on your quest to get back home, finding various chests with loot, fighting enemies, and picking up some sidequests as well. The controls were responsive for me and I do recommend using a controller when you play as I found the keyboard a bit awkward to use for this kind of game. You also get to control a little blue ""firefly"" that can be used to open far away chests, activate switches, slow enemies, heal your party, and provide light in dark rooms. A second person can use the mouse to control the firefly as well, adding what is kind of two player experience to the game. You are also able to craft and equip Oculi, gem stones which grant various buffs to the player depending on the type and slot it is equip to. If you know what colours make what when mixed, you will handle the crafting system just fine.For me the game was basically glitch free as well minus one glitch that has appeared a total of three times, one for each play through. While not game breaking or altering, the glitch many happens when I fight an enemy midjump, which sometimes seems to cause the game to not render Aurora's hair, effectively making her bald for the duration of the battle. Other than that the game gives me stable frame rate the entire time with no other glitches so you should not have to worry about any of that.Lastly, and most disappointing of all, is the fact that the game requires the use of uPlay. Yes, it requires it. If you do not have uPlay you will have to download it to play this game for what I can only conceive as double DRM. If you launch the game through Steam it will automatically open up the uPlay service and have you register the game if you have not yet. Please note that this registration only apply to one uPlay account and cannot be moved so once it's registered you cannot use it with any other account. Should you delete your account or anything the game is effectively gone. After uPlay launches you will have to hit play, at which point uPlay will then launch Steam and then the game itself. This is by far the biggest draw back to the game as uPlay itself is not all that great and it may be a deal breaker for some people who do not already have uPlay on their computers. This also means that you will want to make sure your specs are above the recommended level as your computer will, as far as I know, run both Steam and uPlay at the same time which can heavily drain resources over time.All in all Child of Light is an incredible game, though very short for the price tag given (at full price.) If you like artsy games, turn based rpgs, witty poetry, and a cute story the game may be for you, but just be warned that uPlay will try to impede your progress the first time you boot it up and then less so every time afterwards."
76561198073290339,Recommended,256290,13279929,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Orginal-Ted,A beautiful game from beginning to end this is one of the brightest gems among indie games. Like a fairy tale told with perfect pace forward combined with battles to break of the rhyming dialogue.
,Recommended,256290,13281874,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Tennin,"i love the simplicity & story, great ubisoft!!  Without U-Play will be better :D."
,Recommended,256290,13282448,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Just A Regular Guy,"By far one of the most beautiful games I have ever played. Everything about this game is like a work of art, from the watercolor world to the awesome music. I highly recommend this game to everyone who can play it, it is by far one of the best."
76561198119788054,Recommended,256290,13258709,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Johnny Bravo,Great game ...10/10 would battle alongside a jester again
76561198042146239,Recommended,256290,13275661,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Korazy Koala,"This game was great, i loved the combat system and art style but, the game, i felt needed to be longer and some parts of the dialogue was poorly written. All in all was a fun 15 hour game.***** Uplay Warning ********** Uplay Warning ********** Uplay Warning ********** Uplay Warning ********** Uplay Warning *****"
76561198141835185,Recommended,256290,13276791,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,gingersnap2016,"I love the art! The story is fun, a bit hard to follow. I enjoyed the missions although the skill tree is lacking added perks.Overall a great game that is visually stimulating and easy enough game play and controls without being boring."
,Recommended,256290,13277118,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Molerfred,"Absolutely gorgeous art, great story, beautiful use of rhyme (and lack there of), and an extremely addictive battle system. I would reccomend this title to anyone who loves a good storybook, as well as beating the faces of monsters inside out."
,Not Recommended,256290,19694510,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,3k0,"Before trying it I didn't understand why people were ranting about uplay (especially for a single-player game).Now I do. I've spent AN HOUR trying to create an account, ""updating"" that piece of crap of ""service"", registering the game, and trying to connect so that, at least, Child of Light could appear as the games I own (coz offline mode doesn't allow a new game to be listed). Eventually, just when I started that REVIEW OF UPLAY APPALING SERVICE, a ubisoft server was working (hurrah!) and I logged in!But... but... There was still no game in my list... WTF?! I have however activated Child of Light some dozens of minutes ago!!! So I did it again, and, eventually, after a gruelling journey at the frontiers of the lame world of ubisoft service, the game appears in the list.So excuse me but I must rush to finish it before I need to log in again to renew the key. (If this is ubisoft's idea of metagaming, it really sucks.)"
,Recommended,256290,19695259,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,RoseSheepy69,This game is probably one of the most enjoyable game i ever play on steam. Would highly recommand anyone to play it.
,Recommended,256290,19542796,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Chrissy,"LOVED IT! Cute story, relaxing music and visuals, good character development. I played it on casual and it was way too easy, but that meant I wasn't frustrated ever also. I'm going to re-play it on a more difficult setting for a bit of a challange. Read up on Oculi before just randomly giving them to your character, it helps a lot. Make sure to complete all quests as soon as you get them... I didn't realize Gen would be a party member until after I beat the game... Would love a sequel!"
76561198189456261,Recommended,256290,19540961,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,TropiNana,"What it lacks in a challenge, it makes up for in the storytelling and the soundtrack. I am a fan of the battle system too."
76561198021192043,Recommended,256290,19539864,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,RipRiot,"Graphically interesting design, and some mildly challenging turn based combat. I would recomend this as a good starter for kids to get into this style of gameplay."
76561198050693305,Recommended,256290,19546232,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,joeymorgan14,U PLAY SUCKS !
,Recommended,256290,19564071,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Jhon778,Solid RPG. Be warned expert mode involves a lot of grinding.My favorite part is when Aurora gives herself a buzz cut and then her hair grows back instantly/s
,Recommended,256290,19267426,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,BuNeBu,"This is 100+ worth every minute and every coin you invest in it.  Excuse me while I ""tuck myself into bed...""  and cry."
76561197979610241,Recommended,256290,19303347,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Noyiz,"Enjoyable, good story. Absolutely Gorgeous. Loved the art Style. Sometimes the combat felt dull but other than that Great Game 8/10"
,Recommended,256290,19226997,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Doktor Slytha,"This game transported me back to childhood. It's fairytale charm sucked me in, and I couldn't tear myself away. The music was fantastic, and the art style was whimsical and gorgeous. I highly recommend this game if you enjoyed fairy tales as a child, great storytelling, and a colorful cast of characters."
76561197997076018,Recommended,256290,19281915,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,hayasuhade,"Great game, beautiful art. Love the gameplay, wish the story and gameplay was longer (finished it in two days). Make sure to install everything on the same drive (If you installed Steam on D:\ drive then make sure the required UPlay DRM install is also on D:\) otherwise you'll have problems saving/playing the game."
,Recommended,256290,19284908,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,TheDeluxeTux,It's like playing a painting.
,Recommended,256290,19376111,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,emeRald-,If you enjoy Platform-Puzzle games (like Trine etc.) this is definitely a game to check out!Pretty cool artstyle and a great game for its genre
,Recommended,256290,19375427,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Juanmower,RPG with puzzle and adventure style hooks. Really liked the combat system. Grinding can leave one very overpowered though and leave a lot of the later game to be VERY easy.
,Not Recommended,256290,19373617,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TwixtorOG,Boring I never finished this game
76561198254429468,Recommended,256290,19443186,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Woigucca,"Child of light is first game I bought from Steam. I'm gonna say I'm really proud of myself. This game is beautiful watercolored fantasy land, which feels like big dream. You can travel trought villages, deep forest's and mysterious water. You can train yourself to beat the enemies on your way trying to save your father. Fly everywhere you can and don't get too lost. Heartbreakingly beautiful music on the backround will make you cry."
,Recommended,256290,19428370,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,spadingo,"Fantastic art style, fantastic music, simple yet engaging gameplay, decent plot, horrible rhyming. Really great game, give it a try. 9.5/10 at least."
,Recommended,256290,19377440,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Gasai,I absolutely love this game. My first time playing was when it first came out on the Xbox One and I just could not put it down. The art is fantastic and the characters are quite likeable with a lot of interesting and funny dialogue. The rhyming can get a bit cheesy and even down right tiresome at times but it adds to the particular charm of the game in both positive and negative ways. Overall the game is great and the story really roped me in for being your basic storybook fantasy.Story 8.5/10Combat 7/10 (turn-based with a twist)Characters 7/10Art style 10/10 (I ♥♥♥♥ing love it)Music 10/10
,Recommended,256290,9986033,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Maestro Shim #3064,추천드림시작하실땐 하드로 고르시고 하세요.
76561198025306662,Recommended,256290,11815064,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,omnibusdriver,"FANTASTIC! I started playing the game on expert mode, and after a litte while, was glad I did! The game can be a little punishing very early on before you've added new party members, but once you begin picking up quests and companions, the full versatility of the battle system really starts to shine. It's a perfect blend of the classic turn-based style, with some interesting new functionality and mechanics. The artistry in the game is top-notch. The rhyming verse can be a tad hokey at times, but the music, the beautiful simplicity of the story and art, are all hypnotically good. I could play this game again and again!!!"
,Recommended,256290,12061647,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Cemi~,"I played this game all the way through in one go. It took me 8hrs but it felt like no time at all. The graphics, story, soundtrack and characters are just stunning and the story grabs you right from the start and makes you not want to turn it off.10/10 one of my favourite games of all time!!"
,Recommended,256290,26851283,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cniq,This game turned me into 10yo girl with wings.26yo man with beard from Russia.
76561198062051653,Recommended,256290,27028716,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Elias Ainsworth,"Child of Light is a wonderful game with a simplistic story that still captures you in how it's told, like a fairytale. The art is absolutely gorgeous. Most would complain about the combat system, but I thought it was simple enough that it didn't bog down the game, but interesting enough where I didn't get bored.If you love storytelling, and are a fan of fairytales and poetry, this is a must play!"
76561198141997666,Recommended,256290,21590807,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Aletheran,"Let's nominate this for the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award!---So you're not looking for just a game? You want an experience, you want to be sucked right into the world you're playing in?Well, that's what this game did to me.The saying ""the whole is more than the sum of it's parts"" was never more applicable than with this game. And it's exactly that, what makes this game such an awesome experience. The beautiful unique graphic style, the interesting rhyming theme and above all the stunning music by Coeur de Pirate, made it all come together in this rough but shiny gem of a game.Let me be honest... It's not perfect.The gameplay mechanics are solid, but not revolutionary. The battlesystem is comparable to the Active Time Battle system from Final Fantasy, with a few interesting tweaks to it.The story is also decent: it has it's interesting moments, but can also be quite predictable at times.But it's where all the elements are combined, what sets this game apart from it's kind.All the characters have their unique stories and personalities to them, which made me feel for and with them. Most of the time I was just too involved with what was going on to even notice the little flaws in the story.I never found myself craving for a more complex or interactive battlesystem, as the battletheme and graphics made every battle into an something epic. Besides, using each character's strenghts and weaknesses to their best can make the battles a lot more interesting, if you're willing to familiarise yourself with them.At times, I found myself not wanting to progress to new areas, because I didn't want to stop listening to the music and instead just explore every interesting corner of the beautiful landscapes.No, it's not the perfect game. But all the elements just seem to come together so naturally, that for me it left nothing more to be desired from.I often still listen to the OST when lying in bed, reliving the experience and falling to sleep peacefully and satisfied.Simply put: this game makes me happy..."
,Recommended,256290,26913551,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Al-Crypt.zu],a must have :)
,Recommended,256290,18035074,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Ivanov V,"Amazing game, story, music, visuals, ... everything is really amazing. Surpassed by far my expectations.I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,256290,26853132,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fliqpy,"Great game, loved it especially the soundtrack"
76561198012358150,Recommended,256290,13274037,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,iliphar,"The is a true masterpiece. IMO, best game of all time."
,Recommended,256290,26903078,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,XynohtnakraD,Excellent Rpg game from Ubisoft:-The decor and the characters draws are very successful.-History emotional and captivating.-The life of the game is great. (Hope 50 hours to complete the game has 100%)-The poetic theme of the game which is very successful and implanted on the game.-The combat system needs some skills-And finally the soundtrack of the game is great.
,Recommended,256290,26902274,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fucktard,"Beautiful game, where all dialogues are poems and a beautiful musical score. Combat is a little bit repetitive/Some things are not polished (Character swap/skill tree) but I easily forgive the game."
,Recommended,256290,26673784,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Alierris But Spoopy,"While by no means the best game I've ever had the pleasure of playing, on a personal level this is my favorite game of all time.Pro'sEven though it's a really solid RPG, like 8/10, the real pull of this game is it's exceptional art style and good characters and story. The combat uses a really fun system, where by hitting an enemy with a skill or attack while there casting you can bump them back on the timeline, effectivey making them miss a turn, but beware, they can also do this to you which adds layers of depth to the game. The game uses the same engin as Rayman Legends, making the game breathtakingly beautiful. The orchestral soundtrack is also briliant, sounding wonderfully melancholy.ConsThe two small problems I have is that the system involving Oculi can be a little clunky at times, making equipping and removing them get a little tedious at times. On top of that the skill tree system, while I like the customization for every character it gives you, is rather cluttered, making it hard to have each character be exactly what you want them to be.Child of Light is a briliant game, amd it's few flaws are more than made up for by the great gameplay and exeptional presentation. All in all, an easy 8.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,256290,26742587,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Ripberger -{CC}-,One of the best JRPG style games ever.  Whimsical world and it respects your time.  Never seems to drag or grind.
,Recommended,256290,26739174,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,alright angel,"for me, child of light is less about gameplay and more about the beautiful, atmospheric, hand-painted water color style of art as well as imaginitive realm-building through story.  the combat system is interesting but excellent"
76561198098613322,Not Recommended,256290,21484987,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Warchese,"Bought it through Steam, downloaded it, installed it, and now I find out I have to install and use ""UPlay"" (whatever that is.)I thought I bought the game on Steam.Haven't decided if I plan to return it yet.(P.S.: Haven't played the game yet, don't know if it's good or bad.)"
,Recommended,256290,21538904,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ScyAnide,
,Recommended,256290,21522493,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,shunter,"Cute game. Cinematic and game artwork is beatifully produced. Simple story, with straightforward puzzles. Typical RPG game structure with cute twist to combat gameplay. DLC items aren't worth getting. Also UPlay is annoying to load up as usual . Otherwise nice overall."
,Recommended,256290,21537493,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,JimisPerfectS,atmosfairiko me panemorfo art direction kai rpg stoixia pou ikanopoioun
76561198031027183,Recommended,256290,21520200,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,lacanseven,"Very fun, quick, and quirky, good to pick up on a sale.  8/10"
76561197999453083,Recommended,256290,21555185,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,thetruemalik,Amazing!
,Recommended,256290,21477630,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Katsudon Fatale,"Well, this one is cute.11/10 would play again"
,Recommended,256290,21691868,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Antiquarian,i like itthat's it
,Recommended,256290,21615499,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Teslagrad,"This game so far has been really calming and it is just a great game if you are into turn based.   The artwork is pretty unique if you ask me also, another thing that brings the people in."
,Recommended,256290,21613941,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Dicetower,"(Unless this is your first RPG, you're going to want to play on Expert mode and consider increasing the battle speed.)Child of Light is a beautiful game. Its overworld is like a giant, living painting.Exploring plays a bit like a platformer (though you are given a lot of freedom in how you move around), and battles are triggered by touching enemies. There are countless secrets littered all over the map.The battles are turn-based and use an interruption mechanic. Being attacked while casting your attack/item/spell delays your turn. You can utilize this to disadvantage enemies, sometimes forcing them to take numerous hits in a row. Very satisfying.The biggest flaws are the low difficulty, and writing. Expert mode feels like Normal mode in other games. You'll solve the few puzzles in seconds. Challenging enough to be fun, but a higher difficulty mode would have been great.The entire game is written in rhyme which gets old very fast. It holds back the character interactions, and I think the game could have been much better without the gimmick.That said, Child of Light is a fantastic game and I think it's well worth its price."
76561198111537375,Not Recommended,256290,21681827,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,whitemagus2000,"Pros- Great Graphics, music, and artistic styleCons- Uplay (Mostly this one)Combats feel grindy and you need to fight everything you see to get enough experience to level up.Norah is NOT a permanent character. When she leaves, she takes all her stuff with her. In my case, the loss of resources was so bad that I had to restart the entire game."
,Recommended,256290,21694415,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,"Charles ""Tex"" Watson","Im inside a giant of rock and lava with a town on his back full of trader rats wearing 18 century costumes. The giant travels the world so they make trades and buy\sell stuff.This just to say that i could be in a acid trip, but im just playing Child of Light."
,Recommended,256290,21675910,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Kimmyboy,"Good game, one of the few RPG’s I played from beginning to end. Has a simple but inventive gameplay mechanic that doesn’t get boring after a while. However, the game might have been a bit more difficult at the end. Sometimes it just felt like I was rushing through the game without any ‘real’ competition.Nevertheless, Child of Light looks gorgeous and has some nice music as well. Unfortunately, the rhymes get a bit annoying as the game progresses. But that is pretty much the only bummer during the playthrough. Absolutely recommended for every fan of RPG’s and an easy starter for gamers who want to step into the genre."
,Recommended,256290,21785045,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Yuck_Fou ツ,best storyteller/TBS game
76561198025214377,Recommended,256290,21816321,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,luzonfe,one of the great games I played.fine soundtrack and vary enjoyable
,Recommended,256290,21739910,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Lenn,
,Recommended,256290,11515016,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,m4n715,"Completely gorgeous game from top to bottom, the brilliantly simple interface gives way to a character customization process that is just deep enough to enjoy without getting bogged down.  The turn-based combat is innovative enough to feel fresh without abandoning the roots of that style.  This is what Square should have been doing with the Final Fantasy series."
,Recommended,256290,11538289,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Orm,"A work of art. Everything, the graphics, the music, even the script are beautiful and thoroughly crafted. While the beauty attracts it is however the gameplay that truly captures the player. Combining oculli, choosing skill trees and navigating the battles gives the game mechanics a lot of deapth."
76561198016540280,Recommended,256290,11510059,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,葫芦娃,One of the best RPG I have ever played!
76561198082382902,Recommended,256290,11527274,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,the scarlet pimpernel,"Awesome game, amazing art!"
,Recommended,256290,11484702,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,NADRIGOL,"Stunning game!The artwork is simple but beautiful. The characters are well developed, and unique enough to remain interesting. Huge applause for writing an entire games dialogue in rhyme!  The interesting take on turn based fighting is brilliant and original as it could possibly be (unless someone else did it first, in which case my apologies).Buy it. But it now."
76561197999263967,Recommended,256290,11485061,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,lizardsuncle,"This is a nice ""rpg lite"" game, one you can play to take a break from the ""hardcore"" rpg games. Plus the artwork is amazing."
76561198097193878,Recommended,256290,11485475,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Snow Miser,"This is a timeling based RPG, with a unique hand painted artstyle. The story is not the greatest, but is interesting enough to care about where you are going and why you are going there. Sadly there is no good DLC for this game, there are 2 side missions, but besides that there are only pay to win packs. Child of light is a good game with some small problems, but it is worth 15 USD."
76561198057904924,Recommended,256290,11486548,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Majestic Space Whale,"Good- beautiful and soothing, the dialogue between characters is fun, cute miceMeh- the story is not the most creativeBad- the gem crafting system, clunky menusOverall 8/10"
,Recommended,256290,11475428,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Enriqué,"Art.If given one word to describe this game, that is what I would use. Loading up this game is like stepping into a watercolour painting, in a room filled with poets.The question you'd most likely be asking at this point is;""would that really be my kind of thing?""It's not really a major selling feature for most people. But, even though this game at it's core is an artpiece, it is wrapped in extremely good gameplay.You play a young Austrian girl called Aurora, who awakens in a strange world touched by darkness, in 1895. You'll explore the vivid landscapes, interact with the colourful characters, and slowly transform from a naive young girl into a bold warrior. This is aided by soon finding a sword.And you'll need that sword, because there are always enemies lurking. These encounters is where this game really shines. It's a pseudo-real-time-turn-based-strategy combat, where each thing is represented on a time bar. When you near the end, you're in a ""Cast"" zone, where you choose your attack/defense. These have different speeds; higher powered attacks will take longer to complete. If you hit something that's in this zone before they hit you (or vice versa), then they will be interrupted and sent back along the timeline. I cannot express howdeeplysatisfying it is to overtake an enemy by the smallest margin and send it back. There is an edge-of-your-seat level to this that I was immensely addicted to.Enemies can be tough, and attack in packs, so you know you shouldn't be alone. You'll find controllable companions along the way, who will join your party. Each of them are experts in certain types of combat; you'll find a jester which helps with healing/reviving, and a wizard that deals great elemental damage, to name just two. However, you can only battle using two at a time, but switching mid-battle is possible.You'll also have a small luminous droplet following you, which when controlled by the mouse, can aid in many ways, such as blinding enemies to slow them, or heal your party members.My best advice is to play this on expert initially, unless you want to easily win each battle. I did have to dial it bask to casual after a while, though.Aurora also soon gets the ability to fly, which greatly helps with the exploring aspect. And explore you will; there are chests and goodies everywhere for you to pick up, most importantly the Oculi. These gems, when assigned to your party members, give certain attack and defense buffs which can be critical for particular enemy types. They are also craftable, opening even more types of buffs. The sheer amount of combinations means you'll spend a lot of time here.The story is charming, with lots of humour sprinkled throughout. And although the dialogue is spoken entirely in verse, I find it refreshing.Easy 9/10."
,Recommended,256290,11478335,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Not Divine,The game is awesome.
76561198086362688,Recommended,256290,11609900,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,System.out.println,Good game.
,Recommended,256290,11610559,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,ArkMan,Respectable 40 hours of completionist gameplay while finishing every quest available. Definitely a must play for anyone who needs a nice relaxing game to suck you into a original world full of feels.
,Recommended,256290,11624454,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Empyrean,"It's as if FInal Fantasy VI turned indie, and I absolutley loved it.  A very light hearted story about good vs. evil, and very easy on the eyes and ears with its artwork and soundtrack.  Despite this, it was actually pretty challenging at times -- even on normal.  I'm giving Child of Light a 9 out of 10."
,Recommended,256290,11709548,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Raigatsuma #FF30th,Amazing Game :-o
,Recommended,256290,11762507,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,-Faolan-,"this game is amazing. i dont know how else to describe it. the music is amazing, you could honestly just turn the game on and listen to the music. and the artwork is great, the characters seem so real. the game is great, its well worth 15 dollars and your time. i didnt think i would be a fan of the battles, but theyre oddly addictive."
76561198059089552,Recommended,256290,12160606,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Malencius,"I very highly recommend playing this, the visuals and gameplay are striking and fun, and the story is charming, even though its a tiny bit simplistic. The music is especially fantastic, I listen to it all the time."
,Recommended,256290,12160700,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,krazydiamond07,Beautiful artwork and story. The dialogue is written in verse. The fight mechanics are actually interesting and more complex than they appear. I would recommend it alone for the stunning watercolor theme but being able to fly just made this game that much more fun.
76561198041370743,Recommended,256290,12188450,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Fix-it,"This a magical game, Its a consol game at heart but looking past it the game play was fun and challanging"
,Recommended,256290,12190620,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,djtothemax,"Whim-si-cal1. playful quaint or fanciful, especially in an appealing and amusing way.That is exactly what this game feels like. It has that oh so classic turn base system like a majority of rpgs do and you go around collecting friends that aid you in your quest. There really wasn't anything that I disliked about this game other than it was really short and straight to the point. However,,, I would play this game again. OH! Yeah... you have to download some other program game to run it and that sucks if you're short on space but over all worth it."
,Recommended,256290,12142697,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Heatseeker96,"Child of Light is unlike any game I've ever seen: something like an interactive painting. It also comes with a great soundtrack and challenging combat (especially the boss fights). It's hard to capture it in a text, you should've played it to fully appreciate the game, but I definitely recommend it.Good:+ beautiful artstyle+ great soundtrack+ unique, challenging combat+ provides a lot of Uplay points and rewards that you don't really use/need, I now have 590 spare points from just playing this game+ fairly good story+ dialogs uniquely written like poetryBad:(- no real voice acting)- only 2 difficulty settings- fairly predictable storyConclusion: an enjoyable and unique game, that I definitely recommend.Score: 9/10"
,Recommended,256290,12202399,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Cathroad,"9/10 Very enjoyable story, easy to folow along with. And about the music? One word. Briliant."
,Recommended,256290,11319026,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Kuhanten,"You play a 19th century Austrian princess who gets transported to a fantasy world after falling into a coma.  If you're not already hooked, this game has some of the best 2D art I've seen in a game, along with a memorable soundtrack to accompany it.The combat is interesting once you get more than 2 people in your party as you have to swap them out for hitting different enemy weaknesses.  Character progression is based on an upgrade tree that lets you specialize characters for certain roles.  I played through the game on Casual difficulty, but it still wasn't easy, really.  About 15 hours of gameplay to finish getting maybe 80-90% of collectibles."
,Recommended,256290,11114125,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Cuhbrewin,"Child of Light Review (August 5th, 2014 - build 1.0.31711)Quick-read Section(Contains conciseness)What to expect?RPG elements (skill tree/EXP, elemental weaknesses), turn-based combat, platforming, lots of narrative and rhyming, a really nice aesthetic, and an awesome soundtrack.  ...Oh, and Uplay.  Because Ubisoft.Hypothetical and Arbitrary Numerical Rating:9.5/10Would I recommend this game?Hell yes I would.The Apropos Review(Contains rhyming)Gamer, take a seat and relax.And let me express my thoughtOn a story called Child of Light,A game which I have enjoyed a lot.Aurora, an Austrian princess,Finds herself in a magical kingdom -Surrounded by darkness,And begging for freedom.When, lo and behold,A Firefly comes to her aid -Igniculus is its name -A new friendship, madeThe two set off on a journeyTo collect the stars, moon, and sun.For unless they are found,Lemuria is surely done.Characters from across the landAre, to say the least,A band of rag-tag misfits,Including an armored beast.The gameplay is awesome -Half-platformer, Half-RPG -And if I could assign it a grade,The least it would get it is a B.Luckily, the narrative itselfMakes up the scoreFor unlike Call of Duty,The story does not bore.In a time where gamesAre at an all-time low,*I highly suggest this story,Buy it, give it a go!*Note: I do not think the games are at an all-time low but there are disappointing games out there.The In-Depth Review(Contains more detail)So what is Child of Light? Child of Light is a fantasy platforming role-playing game developed by Ubisoft Montreal using the UbiArt Framework engine (the same one used for the more recent Rayman games).  Despite being developed by a branch of Ubisoft, some people consider this game ""Indie"" (especially due to its short playthrough times - 8-10 hours for one playthrough).Story (9/10)The story revolves around a young child named Aurora, born to the Austrian dukeand the Queen of Light, which therefore makes her the ""Child of Light""sometime before the game.  The gameplay opens in 1895 Austria, where Aurora falls into a deep sleep (I believe she is actually considered comatose in Austria), after which she is transported to the magical world of Lemuria, wanting to return back to her home.  She is tasked with finding the stars, the moon, and the sun, in order to return home.  Through the guidance of Igniculus (who is the Firefly that a second player can control), as well as the encounters with the inhabitants of Lemuria - the Populi (Mice), Capilli (Dwarves), and Cynbel (Aquatic folk) - Aurora goes through her own coming-of-age storyand eventually becomes the new Queen of Light, to succeed after her mother in Lemuria.  And that ends the story section because putting any more content will involve serious spoilers.  Surprisingly enough, this is probably the only RPG (or one of few) where I've actually bothered to pay attention to the dialogue to understand the story.As mentioned before, there is a rhyming motif that follows this game because of the way it's presented: like a fairy tale.  The rhyming does seem forced at times but I would assume that's just to keep the story going smoothly.  Luckily you'll only need to deal with rhyming during character dialogue (all of it, including NPCs)...and the objective hint...and the inventory...Gameplay (9/10)Aside from the story and the way it's presented, whatactuallyredeems this game and makes it worth $15?  Well, the turn-based combat is a nice throwback to older JRPGs (while I said Chrono Trigger and FF series, the system more accurately follows the Grandia series).  CoL uses a timeline to gauge who acts when.  There is a long ""Wait"" period followed by a shorter ""Casting"" period.  Hitting an enemy while it's in the ""Casting"" section causes that enemy to be interrupted.  Likewise, if your party members get hit while ""Casting"" they will be interrupted as well.  The battle flow is kind of interrupted if you're waiting for Igniculus to heal your party members or you're struggling about what to do, but other than that the combat mechanics work smoothly.There's also a basic elemental motif, where Fire > Earth  > Lightning (Air) > Water > Fire. (no party members learn Earth magic, but there are Earth-type monsters)  The element of Light, however, is - as TVTropes calls it - an Infinity+1 Element, which means it's basically the OP element of the game.  Aurora is,surprise, surprise, considering she's the ""Child of Light"",theonlycharacter in thegamewho can use Light magic, which is super effective against Dark-type monsters and not resisted byanyelement. (Even though Aurora herself iskindavery squishy in the beginning)The platforming itself is easy enough to manuever, although the graphics do obscure which parts of the world are able to be traversed and which parts aren't.  Considering I'm not much of a fan for platformers, I found the platforming quite do-able.  Plus, the platforming leaves room for exploration.Some elements of the game are basic versions of more modern RPGs, such as the equipment section (which actually isn't ""equipment"", just gems you can craft and socket into weapon, defensive, and support slots) and the skill trees (which reminded me of FF10's Sphere Grid or FF13's Crystarium, and is also highly reminiscent of Far Cry 3's skill trees).CoL offers a good 8-10 hour playthrough, depending on how long it takes you to progress through the platforming and bosses.  (It took me 10 on casual... but I hear you can do it in 8 or less)  There is also NG+ (New Game+), where you can restart the story with higher-leveled enemies but keep all your oculi (gems), skills, and inventory items.As a person who normally likes shooting up people in FPS games, this is a nice game to enjoy on the side while taking a break from all the bullets.Music (10/10), Aesthetics, Graphics (10/10)*this is not my area of expertiseThe music is well-composed (by Béatrice Martin, aka Cœur de pirate).  It touched my heart during cutscenes/dialogue and invigorated me during battles and bosses.  The game engine (UbiArt Framework) makes for some really nice 2/2.5D aesthetics.  There's also some 3D graphics for the battle animations.  To me, the aesthetics are pretty amazing and I enjoy them (a lot).  Er...other than that though, I really don't pay attention to graphics that much... :PThe VerdictFinal Score: 38/40 = 9.5/10Is this game good? Yes.  It keeps the RPG genre simple and instead focuses on a deep and very enjoyable narrative as well as outstanding graphics.Would I recommend this? Wholly and highly.  If you don't mind the Uplay that is.Is it worth the money? Yep.Get this game! ...Do it."
76561198124975036,Recommended,256290,11560560,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,dzdncnfsd73,"Beware , this game will pull you in and before you know it , you be playing for 10 hours. It`s a nice atb game with a nice story of a lost girl trying to get home , bumps into people on the way she helps and helps her. Theres a nice story with puzzles to solve and an amazing amount of skills for all characters ,Game is definetely worth the 15 bucks"
,Recommended,256290,11560734,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,fishrule,A real gem of an RPG with a brilliant art direction and engrossing gameplay. The only real con I can think of is the low difficulty curve in this game even at the hardest setting.
76561197994078172,Recommended,256290,11561359,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Omegaruin,If you love RPG's with puzzle solving on the side then this is your game. The artwork and animation is astonishing. The combat system adds an extra element that no other game really has. Over all I'm loving this game so far.
76561198047824611,Recommended,256290,11564145,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Park Bear,You do your self a disservice by not playing this game
76561198128917642,Recommended,256290,11122304,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,♥ Oshino Shinobu ♥,thgfghfgh
,Recommended,256290,11124059,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,J0M0,"Loving this game so far. Playing on the harder difficulty so the combat was a little tough to get good at in the beginning, but it is a nice challenge. The visuals are wonderful to look at and I enjoy the style of writing. The dialogue (which is of a rhyming nature) really fits the storybook art style and I feel it is unique."
76561198025132336,Recommended,256290,11126293,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,ESS,"Lovely graphics, intriguing world and characters, and fun gameplay!"
76561198034629887,Recommended,256290,16914600,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,demonflowers,"I really loved this game.  The art and sound design are amazing.  The whole game is styled like a children's storybook and it works really well.  But not only is it beautiful (seriously this is one of the best looking games I've ever played), it is really well made.  The level design is amazing and the battle system is really good.  I actually dismissed the battle system at first, thinking it was just super simplistic turn based game play, but there is actually a lot of depth and complexity.  Being able to manipulate the turn order was really important, very fun and required a lot of skill.I do have a few little quibbles.  First of all, the rhymes.  While it is a cute idea, I found a distressing number of the rhymes to be kind of weak.  Thankfully most of the game isn't voice acted (there is a narrator occasionally, but that's it), so you can sort of ignore this.I also didn't like the fact that you can only use two characters at once during combat.  You can get eight playable characters (nine with downloadable content) with a really diverse set of skills and limiting us to only using two at once is sort of frustrating and basically meant I never used most of the characters except occasionally in boss fights.  This is especially perplexing as there can be three enemies on the field at once.That being said, this is still an amazing game.  Although obviously it is not a game for everyone.  Are you a gamer that needs everything grim and dark and shooty?  This is not the game for you.  But if you can get in touch with your inner child (or inner fairy princess) then you should really get this game."
,Recommended,256290,17292302,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,MobileTortoise,Child of Light is a simple RPG made amazing by wonderful art and beautiful music.
76561198028292136,Recommended,256290,17294053,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,clinz,"Very nice RPG, while a little bit grindy, combat was actually quite deep and required a lot of thought and also requires a strategy. (If you raise the difficulty to high)The combat is great (for turn based rpg fans)The game poetic from start to finish.The story is like a fairy tale (cute but not very deep.)The art is great, the music is too."
,Recommended,256290,16476915,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,vapore0n,"Played the Demo and fell in love with this game. The graphics, the music, the battle mechanics.Bought it instantly. Played it to the end and will play it over again. Wish the game was longer, and more challenging on basic settings. Also wish I didnt had to install UPlay to play this game."
,Recommended,256290,16452291,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,CalonMarchog,"It's a good game for passing the time. Very sweet and the rhyming is thoughtful and cute. Haven't played too far into it yet, but so far I'm enjoying the story and the characters, though I feel the game is definitely for a younger audience. I would definitely recommend this as a family game for sure and a good step back from some of the more intense, dark games I tend to play. Uplay hasn't caused me any problems so far either."
,Recommended,256290,16452821,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,RAINMAKER,"Beautiful RPG with a good story and fun combat system. UPlay is a little annoying, but it doesn't change the fact that this game is awesome. Highest of recomendations."
76561198046646677,Recommended,256290,16454727,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Nigerian Sailor,"Child of Light is a visual masterpiece. The art design is unique to the characters, enemies atmosphere and theme of the game, complementing the plot and gameplay. The game itself, along with the turn-based fighting style, and creativly designed levels makes you crave more each battle you conquer. Witty, beautiful, and exciting only briefly describe this spectacualr game."
,Recommended,256290,16455226,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Zeust3ef,just wow !
,Recommended,256290,23832650,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,toby_fly,终于找到了一款不费脑子，视觉与听觉双重享受的游戏，游戏并不复杂，战斗系统也很简单。如果白天劳累了一天，那么这款游戏就是你晚上舒舒服服泡完澡后空调房里的最佳享受！
,Recommended,256290,23782189,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,m1n02,please make sequel for this epic game
,Recommended,256290,23769877,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fairy2Fiddle,"This game is rather semi-typical for an RPG. Some grinding required, but not entirely. I got to what I believe is the next-to-final dungeon without needing to grind a single bit on the easier difficulty. The game's story is directly from a fairy tale book, and is a nice breather from all the anime plots. The most important part of it, though, is the acryllic art aesthetic and how it interacts with the character and world design. It all blends in perfectly. You'll see no Grim Reaper here, only a dragon or two, perhaps. There isn't much post-game and new game+ content, bear this in mind.If you are reading this during the summer sale, I would call this RPG a must-have for RPG fans. Just don't mind the Origin download-wall and you'll be fine."
76561198170957458,Recommended,256290,23800751,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Magpie,"This game is so very pretty!  Every scene, from the maps to the levels to the cutscenes and fight scenes is beautiful.  I love the character design and art.  I have found the gameplay to be intuitive and easy to grasp without being dull.  Fights are fun because you can swap between your party members on their turn and tailor the fight to what you are facing.  The boss fights were very challenging compared to normal encounters (at least I thought so).  Haven't had any trouble with the Uplay interface, though I know that some have.  One glitch that does pop up now and then is that Aurora's hair doesn't always populate into the fight scenes.  Odd, but not game breaking.  I haven't finished the game yet, but I plan to continue playing.  Plenty of replay value in my opinion.  I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,256290,23790278,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Cherish Eternity,good game but realise that you will need Uplay to run it other then that I totaly reccomend this game.
76561198138418055,Recommended,256290,23810765,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Nevermoire,"Without a doubt, this is one of the most stunning games I've ever played.  The sheer amount of art in the game is incredible.  You could just stop and stare at the background forever.Pros:-Amazing graphics-Hand painted enviorment makes the game come to life-Fun and intresting spin on the traditional JRPG battle formula-Leveling up is something that you look forward to instead of just being another thing that happens like in traditional JRPG's-Good character development for the main character.-no backtracking for the main story-60 frames per secondcons-60 frames per second slows down the game if you don't have a top of the line computer (like me)-very little character development for certain support characters-poetic style of dialog can be a little difficult to follow.-side quests do have some backtrackingoverall9/10.  Would play again in a heartbeat if only to see the amazing world again."
,Recommended,256290,23784000,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Corven,"great explorable world. beautiful art. fun combat. good plot, though predictable, was well paced and well written. The dialogue made me talk in rhymes for a while but that was fine. The OST was just OMG. Always made me hyped for a battle.the rpg elements are average. leveling up was too quick and the skill trees seemed a bit off to me. you could say there was nothing very exciting about them when that is kinda the core of an rpg but there is enough variety in the skills to satisfy.the oculi system as well wasn't all that great or inspired.an ok rpg but great game and definitely recommended.i tried making a review that rhymed but the best i could manage was - such rhyme, much review. that was bad, sorry please kill me"
76561198122672542,Recommended,256290,23908772,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,seserakh,"Recommending this game with reservations. It was fun, charming, and entertaining in parts, but the story is very solidly aimed at a lower age level. If you like exploring interesting, beautifully rendered worlds and crafting gemstones, this game could be your cup of tea. If you don't like people speaking in rhymes, steer clear.Seriously, everyone speaks in rhymes. All the time. After a bit, it tends to grind."
76561198135722772,Recommended,256290,23952184,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,martinecvojtech,"Okay, so this game was very nice. Very engaging soundtrack, nice battles. You might want to impose challenges on yourself however, as abusing certain NPC followers kind of breaks the game."
,Recommended,256290,23600432,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Fürst Leopold IV. zu Lippe,"Amazing game! Beautiful, fairy tale game, makes fun to play and to enjoy.Pro:+ Music, it fits perfect into the game and the soundtracks are beautiful+ Graphics, the game is made with beautiful ""drawn by hand"" graphics, the artwork is the best i´ve ever seen+ Narrator, the story is told by a really good narrotor, it makes fun the listen to it+ Writing Style, most of the dialoges are written in rhymes, makes them interesting and ""fairy tale"" like+ Fights, they are good, some kind of tactic, but not that hardContra:- Short, i finished the game after 9 hours, but havent done all the sidequest, might be 1-2 hours more- I dont see a reason to play it again, i think i will wait 1-2 years before starting it againConclusion:The game is recommendable, really good game for a low price, makes fun for 10 hours, want to see more of these kind of games from Ubisoft.Edit: Normally i play shooters, tacticgames, RPG and MMOs, none of them are this good."
76561198099480458,Recommended,256290,23880269,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,guardianfan138,"Very fun, I would recommend. This game is enjoyable and has strategic fighting and very pretty art."
76561198071285222,Recommended,256290,23875984,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Caiit,I love this game. It's art and game play is beautiful as well as the story. Not often that I find a game that I lose time and spend hours playing. Highly recommend. Very enjoyable.
,Recommended,256290,23836896,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Whiskey_MAMA93,i absolutely love this game :) so prettyy!!!
76561198097954446,Recommended,256290,23872827,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ZanglorOfCats,"This game has a very interesting and engaging take on the standard turn based combat that alone would make it recommendable; however, combine that with a fantastic story, absolutely beautiful art direction, memorable characters and sublime music... truly an incredible game."
76561198109917437,Recommended,256290,23806584,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Shurikitsune,THIS GAME ROCKS!! It's a high fantasy RPG with pretty watercolor-esque scenery and a very storybook feel as all caharcters speak in poetry. There are no random encounters (thank god) and battles work on an active battle timer keeping you engaged during them instead of just mashing A. Dungeons are kinda worthless though with puzzles consisting of get to a button and press it. You don't get new eapons and armor but you can get different types gems which add new abilities to them like elemental effects or status conditions like poison. Their are tons of party member that are all unique which makes it hard to choose who to use. Each character also has their own seperate skill paths for unlocking new attacks and upgrades. 8.5/10
,Recommended,256290,24077101,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mikazuki,"beautiful arts, good story, and somehow we have to get used to battle system since we can only bring 2 people and fight 3 enemies at once. but thats no problemi played this on psvita and now i bought it again"
76561198092861002,Recommended,256290,24075732,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,maxknowlan,"I've only been playing for an hour and I can say if you like yourself, buy this game. If you hate yourself, gift it to someone you do like. If you hate everyone, take up a religion and gift it to your god(s)."
,Recommended,256290,24060769,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Morion,"Nice ""platformer""."
,Recommended,256290,24096538,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dead Winter,One of the most beautiful game I have ever played!
,Recommended,256290,24064101,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TrejoYahir,"Gorgeous graphics, beautiful music, touching story and superb combat. Totally recommended."
76561198120725102,Recommended,256290,30744917,Posted: 26 March,all,Orion Pax,"When I was about eight years old, my father introduced me to RPGs in the form of Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars. I've been hooked on RPGs ever since. Child of Light is the perfect modern-day RPG to start a child out on. I'd even say it wins against the Paper Mario games. I love this game so much that I bought and beat it on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PS Vita before purchasing it on Steam. That ought to give you some idea how much this game is worth to me."
,Recommended,256290,25308419,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Evenstar,"This is actually one of my favorite games of all time. The music and the art and the story are so beautiful. I have played this on Xbox and PC, and both are easy and fun to play. Would very highly recommend."
76561198054127849,Recommended,256290,25288740,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Vikunja,Fun to play with your children if you have any. Good local co-op function.
76561198207445511,Recommended,256290,25285359,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,mypattytoo,"This is one of the most charming and engaging games I've played in a long time. You explore the world in a sidescrolling platform style, but with some mechanics that are pretty unique to this story. (For example, you can control both the main character and a mote of light as well. Both have abilities and unique ways of interacting with the environment.)There are simple environmental puzzles, which makes it interesting without being particularly over challenging.When you interact with villains, the action becomes very Japanese roleplay game turn based play but with an emphasis on timing and a few other twists. I felt like I was engaging with something new, rather than simply playing in a certain known style due to these alterations. It was great!You can collect characters for your team, explore the environment, fly, and influence character builds in meaningful ways with interesting skill trees and add on items.The storyline is like a child's fairy tale, with all the innocent sing song quality and the underlying heavy themes.I found the play to be pretty stress relieving, as I could take time in combat to really think through what I wanted to do. I could also go back to earlier areas and just explore with low level foes for a bit, if I wanted to game without thinking much about it. After you finish the game, that is also an option. You can go back and revisit and explore areas, just for the joy of doing it.Visually, the game is just beyond stunning and the attention to detail (like the cursor being able to make the character's hair swish about in different ways) were suprising and charming.The only criticism I have of the game is the somewhat abrupt and rushed feel to the end. I would have appreciated a bit smoother transition.All in all, one of my favorite games in recent years.Gorgeous. Sweet. Entertaining."
76561198025049368,Recommended,256290,25277682,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Faolain,"A beautiful fairytale, with Final Fantasy inspired combat and a wonderful soundtrack.Sure, mandatory Uplay is terrible.  But not having this game in your life is terrible too."
76561198048371813,Recommended,256290,19796079,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Mole Man,"A well done 2d rpg with some obviously beautiful artwork.  What I enjoyed was the 2-player aspect- one person gets to be the firefly light, which does have an impact on the game.  My wife loved it because she could help me, but if I died it was my fault.Con- Story presentation is a bit lacking.  Underneath, it's a good story but on the surface everything rhymes, sometimes poorly, and it's irritating.Game length is just about right.  Enjoyable."
,Recommended,256290,20158668,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Blaze,"child of light is an indie adventure turn based game .it tells the tale of a princess unlike any other . one that does not wait a knight in shining armor to save her .pros:-extraordinary art that is a sight for the sore eyes-extraordinary soundtrack that fits well with the game and is still stuck in my head-poetry and wordplaycons:-too short , they could have extended the story 2 or 3 times more at least and it would have been amazing-nothing to look for/do/collect after the main story is over except diamonds for crafting but then again  . what are you crafting for ?7.5/10if it's on sale and you like playing titles like this specially for the story , art and soundtrack . trust me it is worth your money ."
76561198050304518,Recommended,256290,20138894,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Booyah!,Beautiful Artwork. Fun Story. A great game. Worth every penny.Well done Ubisoft.
76561198096298131,Recommended,256290,20131723,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,katey4ever,"This is such a beautful game! It isn't incredibly hard, but it is very fun. :)"
76561198200390515,Recommended,256290,20189149,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Katarina Main,10/10
,Recommended,256290,20238802,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Del Mingus,"tl:dr version:- an enjoyable and beautiful looking game that combines metroidvania style levels with jrpg style combat though it start to feel dull and repetitive towards the end.Full version:This game sees you play as Aurora, a young Austrian princess who wakes up in a strange land called Lemuria and must try and find a way to get back to her father with the help of some friends who join her along the way. The gameplay is interesting as it combines metroidvania style levels with jrpg style combat and its actually a good combination. It also has a greats setting in Lemuria and is a visually beautiful game.Good points:- the game looks beautiful and the animation is like something from a fairytale book which fits the game really well. Lemuria makes for a great setting as well with its strange and varied inhabitants and locations- i quite liked the combat in this game. You can see enemies moving around the levels and bumping into them initiates combat. A type of active battle system with a progress bar is used, where the key is to interrupt your enemies attack during the casting phase or avoiding having your attacks being interrupted.  On top of this a firefly you control can be hovered over an enemy to slow theirprogress to their next attack, hover over allies to heal them as well as picking up hp and mp boosts. This lends a tactical approach to battles-the soundtrack for this game is quite nice and really adds to the games atmosphereBad points:- the games story is a bit dull which is a shame. The characters all speak in rhyming lines which kind of limits story development and gets annoying after a while. Given Lemuria seems like an interesting place it feels like a missed oppurtunity to not have an interesting story to go with it.- the game does start to get a bit repetitive towards the end. There is a new game + mode but after playing the game once i didnt feel like i wanted to go through it again."
76561198049449160,Recommended,256290,20242001,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Shirow,"I don't know why people bit--- whine about uplay.Yes, my 1st reaction was annoyance too, but it takes seconds to register and THAT'S IT GUYS. Go and play.The art is beatiful, the sound is great. Love the combat system. You can end a fight without even taking damage, if you're smart about it.Characters are interesting, story is... sad? Not even half way in, so can't say for sure about it.I enjoy this game greatly."
76561197960854096,Recommended,256290,20233986,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,luciddre4m,"Gorgeous graphics, great music, and gameplay with a surprising amount of depth.  Highly recommend this game!"
76561198027189265,Recommended,256290,20209736,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Stanley,"A beautiful touching fairy tale.Highly recommended.Playing and finishing this game felt like watching a great Disney movie, having the power to wake up an inner kid in you.Pros:1. Great music and atmosphere2. Good story3. Interesting characters4. Good combat (if you like turn based Final Fantasy like combat)5. No issues with Uplay.6. Just the right length for what it is.Middle ground:1. Storytelling. It was strange to get used to everybody talking in rhyme, but I came to love it and think it ends up adding a lot to the atmosphere.Cons:1. Some NPCs aren't as strong as others, which makes you not want to take them with you, favoring the stronger ones.2. At some point, combat may seem repetitive, fighting same types of monsters, but you can skip many of the encounters if you wish."
76561198127395776,Recommended,256290,20227958,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,give me aliens or give me death,"By far, one of my favourite games. Absolutely stunning."
,Recommended,256290,19886005,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,denizozakinci,Unique and enchanting. 10/10 would sneak up on a weird flaming spider again.
,Recommended,256290,20208453,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,nicoleonfire,"Very cute and fun RPG! The graphics/ art style are beautiful, as well as the character animations. The turn-based combat is fun, I haven't played many games like this in the past but am enoying it in this game. Also, I really like the customization of each character in the game, the skill trees are designed very creatively! Looking for an exciting, heartfelt and creative platform RPG, then this is a must have for your Steam library."
,Recommended,256290,21065734,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,rowley1080,After having to wait so long to play (needed to buy a new laptop and figure out Uplay issues) I have to say the wait has been worth it. This game so far is great. The graphic and sound are beautiful and the gameplay is fairly simple but enjoyable.
,Recommended,256290,21206115,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Izeuld,"What a unique piece of art!Visuals are stunning! More often than I care to admit, I found myself hovering over certain locations just for the plain pleasure of looking at the backdrops.The musical score fits nicely - its soft magical tunes compliment the hand painted, watercolour style and as a whole give a nostalgic feel to the game. True, after continuously flying around in the same places (while trying to level up with some sweet fighting) it does becomes a little tiresome. Nonetheless, I still hummed it on my way to work so they must have done something right ;)Before buying I read many negative opinions here on the necessary UPLAY login and was quite hesitant. It was also my first Ubisoft game played on Steam so I wasn't sure what to expect. NOW, having played through the entire game and holding more than one Steam-Uplay title in my inventory, I can safely say that I haven’t experienced any of the dreaded sync issues and login problems.The gameplay in itself is not revolutionary and the battles do become a little dull after some time but it does not take away from my overall score. I give it a solid 4/5."
76561198136359070,Recommended,256290,16392518,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Eldarwen,Lemuria is a beautiful place..+Beautiful hand-drawn art+Challenging combat+Great Setting and Characters-Puzzles don't entertain-Story told through force rhymes and lines of dialog with no rhythmI had great fun exploring this fairy-tale world. People of all ages should take the time to enjoy this Game!
76561197998238645,Recommended,256290,20882138,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,kolat_ray,"A wonderful game with an excellent soundtrack.The story is simple, yet reminds me of old fairytales.Well worth the price of the game.It can be played with controller or keyboard, neither has an edge in this game, it just depends on your preference."
,Recommended,256290,20537519,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,☑ 322,10/10 ign review BEST GAME OF ALL TIEM
76561198058863137,Recommended,256290,20791330,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Shiori,"To make Uplay work. Download it from the site not through the steam liabary, it worked for me"
76561197994242300,Recommended,256290,21055543,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Dr Climb Medicine Woman,"I just finished playing this game and I loved it! It was so nice to have a female lead character in a game and not have her look like a sexual object.  The story told in the game was superb; the writers deserve a lot of credit.  The art design flows so well and fits perfectly with the game mechanics. The world they created was lovely and the ambient music is the icing on the cake.It was also nice that it wasn't a solo adventure. Aurora, the protagonist, was strong but not obscenely strong. She still needed help along the way from her companions.  That made her more relateable as a character.  The dialog between the characters was really well written and I got emotionally invested in them.I will definitely replay this game.  I cannot recommend this game enough"
76561198055962806,Recommended,256290,21086798,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Dormouse83,Great game if challenging at times. Controls are quick to learn and the art style is amazing as well as the music. Definatly worth a buy :)
,Not Recommended,256290,21083419,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,DiegoMachado,"The game is fantastic, but their uPlay system is useless, horrible and doesn't work, making it impossible to finish the game. Their cloud save doesn't worked as announced. It's a shame but It's better to stay away from this game."
76561198070975842,Recommended,256290,21166664,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Summit5,"Story is good, exellent narration, interesting story, unique enemies. So far i like it a lot. Nice game."
,Recommended,256290,20987291,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Lord Cutler Beckett,"I dont understand why people dont recommend a perfectly fine game soley because it uses uplay. That said, step one of playing this game is to alt tab and close uplay from the system tray, as at least with my computer it makes the web browser and other network features turn funky.That said, the game itself is good, the mechanics wont change the world but they are simple and fun, and flying around the world exploring is a good way to spend time. The story is average, and i feel like a lot of the rhymes dont actually quite rhyme, and i only ever used 3 of the party members because their different styles were never quite worth pressing the 3 buttons required to change them.Solidly average game, 7/10"
,Not Recommended,256290,20867261,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Hecabutter,"There is a problem connecting Uplay Service.Uplay , hmm... what a ♥♥♥♥er"
,Recommended,256290,21014148,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,King Kazma,This game is amazing. Amazing Art and Soundtrack. but Uplay is suck. It's took me an hour till i know how to play this from Uplay. ♥♥♥♥ Uplay.
,Recommended,256290,16341473,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,THANKS PONYISLAND,"So pretty and cute! The fights are nice and I love the characters, I'm greedy though and I want to battle with three characters. The story is written in rhyme and that's pretty cool!"
,Recommended,256290,16342080,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Turner悲,"Enjoying it so far, and for $4 I can deal with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ uplay."
,Not Recommended,256290,16344867,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Nattokun,This is a masterpiece that requires Uplay
,Recommended,256290,16345692,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Spicy Tuna,"Beautiful graphic design and probably the most amazing soundtrack to boot. The rhyming dialogue feels a bit forced and it really limits the impact that the dialogue can really have, but that's a minor nitpick at worst and doesn't really detract from the overall experience of the game. Possibly one of my favorite games to date."
,Recommended,256290,16345901,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,merryWOAHman,10/10 would ugly cry again.
,Recommended,256290,16346518,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kronos,I highly recommend this as it is a very enjoyable atmospheric RPG.
76561198137792031,Recommended,256290,16346882,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,LeakyLycanthrope,"Great story, great characters, unique mechanics, gorgeous art style, interesting crafting system. The only thing I really didn't like was that all the characters speak in rhyming verse, but the developers clearly don't have a good grasp of poetic/lyrical meter, so half of it limps in easily fixable ways, and lots of it feels extremely forced. I don't mind *that* the characters speak in verse, it just bothers me that it's done so poorly, and the overall effect gets rather annoying. But I have no complaints about the gameplay, and I thoroughly enjoyed the game overall."
76561198044571925,Recommended,256290,16347416,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Elodie,"looks great, has geat music, and a solid story.I also liked the combat system"
,Recommended,256290,16347814,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Orochi Yashiro,"Absolutely beautiful art and the gameplay is very well done, totally recommend it!"
76561198119775577,Recommended,256290,11209242,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,antiga9019,The watercolour artwork and the piano and violin soundtrack created a hauntingly beautful atmosphere that immerses you in the world of the game.
,Recommended,256290,16348467,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ChipsAhoyMcCoy,"A gorgeous-looking game with a well-written story that really captures the charm of fairy tales. While the fighting mechanic is quite unique, it does get a little repetitive after a few hours."
,Recommended,256290,16351824,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Wilhelm Klein,"So far, what I have seen of this game, I thoroughly enjoy. Beautifully constructed, Awesome musical features, all around amazing RPG. I love the concept of the female protagonist, not something you see often in video games now a-days. I give it a 8.5/10. The only thing I would like to see is more optimal modes like maybe an easy haha. Graphics can be a bit of an eye sore after a while but if you play it long enough it grows on you. Thats all from Darkdan^^ Enjoy."
,Recommended,256290,15865337,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Elfa Isa,"It's a magical take on the classic RPG adventure game. The graphics are simply beautiful, the characters are pleasant and the story is adorable.Up until now I didn't have any issues with uplay.I strongly recommend this game if you like original stories with female protagonists."
76561198097606911,Recommended,256290,15866127,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,rastislav.pencik,8/10
76561198151292953,Recommended,256290,15914165,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,pyromaniac,beautiful art style and atmosphere to the game. nice gameplay and dynamics.
,Recommended,256290,16050563,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,TheLumberjack,Cmon you dont really need a review. If you're even thinking about looking at the review. Just buy it already.
,Recommended,256290,16748780,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,VermiVermi,"I was totally excited with the game until I read some comments. I have to agree, the game is not perfect, but it's quite good. I really liked the atmosphere, sounds and graphics.Some negative points that I saw in other reviews that work to me as well:1) Battles are quite similar, not every character is that usefull. I bet I played 90% with two or three heroes. I started with killing every enemy on the map, but after 5 hours of gameplay I started to avoid fights as they are quite similar. I have 1 last chapter and final bosses to play and I'm already annoyed with battles - that's probably a bad sign.2) Skills descriptions are not available during fights. You have to remember dmg and effects. Almost everything is hidden: you can't check enemy's HP, skills, resistances etc.I saw a lot of complains about upay, but it worked fine for me (tho I had to refund my FC4 as it just didn't start).Nontheless I would still recommend this game.7/10"
,Recommended,256290,16752295,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,M i l l e r,great game but ♥♥♥♥ uplay
76561198121478013,Recommended,256290,16435501,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Zombie Chinchilla,"I don't often review games, but I felt like I should for this.First off, this game is great. Very JRPG-esque, with timed battles and leveling up. It plays through wonderfully, though, where you can slow your opponents down and give yourself health while waiting for it to be your turn in battle. The battles are fun, especially since I'm not often a fan of this style. It's also nice that you see the enemies and can avoid engaging in battle. You can even shine a light on them to make them cower so that you can pass by without engaging.The setting and art is fantastic. Probably my favorite of any video game, not even kidding. Every part of it is gorgeous.Finally: Uplay. Yes, it's frustrating DRM. But it's not a reason to pass this game by. Just put in your email and password, check that you don't want any updates from them, and that's all. The fact that people are not recommending this game because of the Uplay is cheap and dishonest, honestly."
,Recommended,256290,13313778,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Speech-hime,"You play as a cute Loli. She's cuter than anime lolis.This is Ubisoft's only legitimately good game. Uplay is awful, but it's worth playing."
76561198028120655,Recommended,256290,16439763,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Clefras,"One of the best game I have played. Well worth buying! Beautiful art, a sweet story, and a character you will get attached to. Do not lose out on this experience."
,Recommended,256290,16439837,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Blackhawk Aya,"A game with a fantastic and whimsical start full of fantasy and promise ends up pittering out in the end with a rushed ending and a lack of what it held so strongly in the beginning.I loved the start of this game. It had me entranced so fully and I was sucked into it at once. The music is lovely and the art is something special. The drawn world with the 3d girl. It's beyond lovely. It's beautiful. The fairy tale like beginning of a little girl who is in this magical world. I was truly in love.The game play is clean with its little faults here and there and the combat is simple. There is room for thought and cleverness when you fight  or you can just push your way through every battle.About half way through I feel the game starts to lose a lot of it's charm. A little after you meet Aurua's sister is where I feel the magic starts to fade away. The story teller speaks to you for the last time till the end of the game and it's where you lose your sister as a party member that the magic just seems to fade away. And by the end it's just gone.It's a rushed ending with a final boss just thrown at you with no build up. It just happens. And it ends about as fast as that. Your little child of light spends half the game not being a child and certainly doesn't end being a child. The issue with her father feels empty and forgotten. And Umbra, your big bad, feels uneventfull and not really that much of an issue.Understandably this is not a big game and there is only room for what there is room for. But I feel, despite that, the ending shouldn't have been what it was. The story, to me, is just as important as everything else and when you fall so terribly short it's disappointing though I do not regret any money or time spent on the game. It was pretty and good for what it was, even with the lack luster ending.It's said this game is boring, though I can see how one might feel that way, I do not find it so. It's a typical rpg with talking. You walk some your characters stop and talk. You fight a couple battles your characters stop and talk. That's just familiar ground to me. The story itself is simple, perhaps boring? I found it enchanting. I suppose if you like whimsical and fanciful fairy tale like stories this would be a game for you, otherwise, perhaps not. For all it's faults and troublesome little issues it's a pretty game with a strong story start and a faltering end. Worth a single  playthrough and the few dollars it costs when it is on sale."
,Recommended,256290,16649123,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,D.K,Awesome graphic and storyline9/10Minus is because of Ubisoft
,Recommended,256290,16661450,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Natural_1,"Child of Light is a game that is more artistic and entertaining than powerful and entertaining. It brings you into the beautiful world of Austria. With a story that flows pretty fluently you are also accompanied by stunning scenario. The gameplay is pretty simple, but simple is not bad. Masters of this system will really show how to exploit it, while the average will be able to play it regulary. It has a bit of a go-fetch problem with its treasures and the customizing of your party may get out of hand, but it really is fully optional. The difficulty might fluxuate between hard and too easy, but that can be helped with a simple switch as well. For 14,99 EUR it is probably a stretch as you can outplay it in a simple 15-20 hours, but the next big sale you might want to consider."
,Recommended,256290,16662866,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,OrchidReverie,"It's good but it lacks depth.If you like a light-hearted story (no pun intended)you'll get it here, some breadth.Though the fights feel early ended"
,Recommended,256290,22070530,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,doubleboe7,Child of Light makes me think of:- Odin's Sphere- The Triplets of Belleville- Pan's Labyrinth
76561198020699712,Not Recommended,256290,22087690,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,justinhamilton3,"Bought this game a few days ago haven't played it yet because -Uplay- I buy a game on steam and then have to create an account on uplay so ubisoft can feel secure about their crappy games, the only reason I bought this game was because it was under 4 dollars and I like artistic side scrollers, Ori and the blind forest, and Trine, As soon as I beat the game Uplay and Ubisoft will be completly removed from my computer and I will never play another ubisoft title again!"
76561198205638249,Recommended,256290,22090155,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Pasiklydau,This game is purely beautiful. Soundtrack is very nice aswell.
,Recommended,256290,22030203,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,MercuryLemon,"Beautiful, beautiful game with a great story and an amazing soundtrack."
76561198010765850,Recommended,256290,22032207,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,xXWeedHacker420Xx,Great game.
,Recommended,256290,22053173,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,echipare,"I love the game, its all in there, the graphics, the story, the music and the game isn't that difficult.Highly Recommended."
76561198066899297,Recommended,256290,22052421,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,多贺,Incredible soundtrack and beautiful game! thank you for this experience
,Recommended,256290,22057621,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,TallontheFirst,"Child of Light has beautiful artwork, storyline and a unique twists. What it lacks is a varied combat system. I find myself just spamming through fights that become more tedious than rewarding. But you can skip them which is a bonus. Overall 4/5 Great Game!"
,Recommended,256290,22057822,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Polkaroo,Absolutely gorgeous and fun to play.
,Recommended,256290,22051172,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Chef Vortivask,"Child of Light was one of the best JRPG's i've played in recent memory. I felt like I was in a fairy tale. It's amazing artwork, lovable characters, and beautiful music are standouts of the genre, and it introduces a few interesting battle mechanics, such as the ability to slow any particular enemy down and the whole interrupt system. Plus there's just something impressive for a story in which every line rhymes.The only downside is that it's a bit short, only about 10 hours or so, but I enjoyed playing it twice with the whole ""hard mode"" thing. For $15, it really can't be beat, and is an absolute steal on sale for anything less."
,Recommended,256290,22074926,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Fidgie0,"Yes, yes we all know that Uplay is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ However after making the account and just leaving it logged in I would never have noticed it was there. The game launches from Steam fine and what a wonderful game it is.I 'finished' the game in 8 hours but it is a lot easier than other games of this style and there is more stuff I could go and do if I wanted to.If you, like I did, look at this game and think, 'Hmmm, I think I might enjoy this', you should just buy it because you will enjoy it."
,Recommended,256290,22075186,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Methodical,10/10.
76561198042530487,Recommended,256290,22071500,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ShaezoNai,"Not exactly a GOTY, but definitely worth the money. Nice and relaxing."
76561198025176931,Recommended,256290,22019253,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,shannae.darkehart,"I love this game. The art style is charming and reminds me a children's book, and the poetic speech patterns used by all the characters are endearing. The music is also gorgeous, if not exactly a masterpiece, and certain tracks would work very well as background noise on repeat. The story was well told, if a bit tropic, and if you allow yourself to care for fictional characters as I do, there are many ""attack of the feels"" moments. If you would like to enjoy all of this leisurely, the ""story"" difficulty is hilariously easy, although by all acounts I have seen the ""expert"" difficulty isn't that hard either (learn to manage the ""interrupt"" mechanic and deal with counterattacks and you're gold).Sadly, it is very short. I finished the entire thing, and all side quests, with every collectible, in only thirteen hours, on my first attempt and without a guide. If a sequel is ever released, I will probably buy it immediately."
76561198102710558,Recommended,256290,18902254,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,EpicToast,This game is very light hearted and I loved every minute of it. All the subtle poetry was fantastic. If you want a game that you can spend time on i would recommend this game. I would have it in your wishlist until it goes on sale.
76561197972521217,Recommended,256290,22033254,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Vincent-,Very fun light game wish it was longer to flesh out more of the party but what can you do when the company only wants to make one kind of game for one kind of audiance it leaves the rest of their portfolio feeling empty
76561198037555174,Recommended,256290,22036534,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,R1chard69,"The game is great. It reads like Dr. Suess vomited on a fairy tail. The gameplay itself is fun, it plays like an old-school rpg and platformer had a baby.Uplay has not been an issue for me. Not even a little. It opens when I run the game, and does nothing to interfere. I wouldn't give the reviews that make that their main complaint any consideration.Now I have to go fight more monsters. *flies away*"
76561198105010584,Recommended,256290,22001831,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,PrinceVinc,"Beautiful Story, good old ""new"" school RPG Gameplay, nice art Style and totally worth your time.If you lack the money, well just watch it on my, you know... <.< it's good."
76561198060562984,Recommended,256290,21984395,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,vchernis,Great RPG with beatiful art
,Recommended,256290,22208713,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,SunDream,"Looks fantastic.Sounds Fantastic.Plays Fantastic.IS Fantastic.This game is probably the most charming i've ever played. After reading through the negative reviews It's easy to notice that 90% of them complain about Uplay, which I personally had no problem with. Maybe it's the difference in computers but I'm not entirely sure where the problem with Uplay comes from. Thats just me though.Now lets get into the details.From the trailers and images of the game, you can immediately tell how pretty it looks. While it's not an AAA title with mad graphics, It IS beautiful, and in particular parts of the game it just kinda made me say ""Wow."" After the graphics, comes the sound. And hot damn I ♥♥♥♥ing LOVE the music in this game!!!! There are some songs in particular that just had me jamming all along the way and others that are super soothing. Probably one of if not the best parts of the game; the music.The gameplay in this game is not extremely complicated and I think some negative critiques complained that it got repetetive, which I can understand. After a while it may get repetetive to some people to continually use the same abilities and strategies, but even then the combat animations and effects are pretty cool so if you can ignore some repetition, then I think all in all, gameplay is pretty nice. Though there were some parts of the game that had my headsmashing into my keyboard due to irritation of not being able to beat some enemies, though that was because of me trying to cut corners and ignore parts of the areas i explored which resulted in me being underequipped. My personal tip if you play this game: Open every chest, explore every corner because chances are you'll probably need the gems, or occuli as their called, that you get from them since you sometimes NEED to use enemy vulnerabilities to your advantage.I myself enjoyed the story and had a lot of fun playing this game. I loved the rhyming speech everyone used, I enjoyed playing along with Aurora and I found it easy to get attatched to their plight.Do I recommend this game? Yes. Yes I do. If you enjoy nice music, RPG's, and fantasy settings, I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,256290,12381738,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,[wDt]TiHKAL,"Amazing game! Purchased due to the steam sale, lost the weekend.I'm not normally into turn-based rpg's but this one hooked me.++ArtSoundFast progressionEntertaining Puzzles but not overly complicated--Uplay. (Why does every company need their own sh** launcher?)The enemies could have been a bit more diverse (minor issue)"
76561198284089043,Recommended,256290,22186012,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,mansour14au,"Beautiful game for a Fairy tail story. From the first minute I found my self amazed by the atmophere. Loved the Classic JRPG battle system. The only downside well at least for me is the text dialog, I normally skip through that if I can predect the story. Short game but worth trying."
76561198201689297,Recommended,256290,22184763,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,RedFoxGamer,I love this game and everything about it.
76561198065034678,Recommended,256290,22160244,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,เฤ่าฤ้อนน์,7.5/10
76561198036808281,Recommended,256290,22154778,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,jamescrab1,"Fun, not too challenging but not too easy.  Lots of exploring and hidden treasures.  Great art and locations, colorful characters.  Turn based battles with a twist, you'll have to find your rhythm in combat.  Varied party members to help you out.  A very charming game."
,Recommended,256290,22157536,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Shadow Knight,Its soothing and beautiful c:
,Recommended,256290,21929379,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Shen,I enjoyed it a lot!Just be aware that it requires uPlay
76561198075684661,Recommended,256290,21942780,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,shou 。シデ,"Heartwarming story, beautiful art, & good soundtrack."
76561198027095256,Recommended,256290,21975995,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Dreadger,"Story is not uniqe, but the way it was told completly through limericks was. Combat was also surprisingly difficult on it's hardest settings, not ever defeating me, but gave me a very tough challenge in some battles.The combat system is uniqe as it relies on slowing down your enemies, and timing your attacks to interupt them to keep them from attacking, while also avoiding getting interupted yourself.The art is well done, and gives a whimsical feel throughout the game like a storybook. There are also a fair degree of platforming like challenges throughout the game.Some problems i have with the game, is that it's fairly short, you can't have more then 2 party members fielded at a time, and the talent tree's feel lack luster with pretty limited types of attacks that often time do little more then speed up/down the turn timing and change the element of your attack type to the enemies weakness like a form of pokemon battle.Overall though, it's a good experince, and if you like the style, i recommend checking it out, however it's not a must buy."
76561198239513450,Recommended,256290,30742287,Posted: 25 March,all,nobbersly,"This game is amazing, playing up on classical fairy tale elements makes it cute and endearing. The gameplay makes it the only party-based RPG I've ever enjoyed combat with."
76561198063169937,Recommended,256290,22112470,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Dantemi,Stunningly good!A fairytale to play through.
76561198256773486,Recommended,256290,22111056,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Emperor Palpatine,"I'm pround to say that I've made Lemuria great again, and that I was able to build a wall around the kingdom to avoid the arrival of all these capillis, who bring with them all this mint."
76561198025434087,Recommended,256290,22125595,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,robertdrake910,"Overall this is an excellent game.  Shockingly it  brings both excitement and tension to ATB style turn based combat, a feat few games can manage.Starting with the bad to get it out of the way:-The characters and story seemed to have been designed with the hopes of being whimsical and wonderful, but to me they fell flat.  It doesn't help that all speech is in rhyme (with the exception of one character), a feature I found more annoying than endearing.-The ending is very abrupt, and leaves one with the sense that the developers were encouraged to cut the game short in favor of other projects.  My play through was less than 15 hours, even with a hearty helping of side-quests and general exploration.Now on to the good:-Tricks, traps, and puzzles are scattered throughout the levels as well as a plethora of useful treasures. This makes exploration both interesting and satisfying.-The mouse is fully integrated into the game in the form of a helpful light spirit who can gather certain treasures and stun enemies.  I was surprised just how engrossing this small addition can be, as it draws even more of your attention into the game as you consider both what to do with your character and her spirit companion simultaneously.-All party members have unique specialties and are readily swappable during combat, opening a wide strategic field from which to choose your methods for defeating the enemy.  Played on Expert mode, you will need them all!-Played on Expert mode, combat is tense and thrilling.  Each character, both ally and enemy, appears on the shared ATB bar, moving at different speeds according to their speed.  When they select an action on their turn, they then move into the ""Casting"" section of the bar.  If struck during the casting phase, they will be interrupted and set back significantly on the bar!  Being that your spirit companion can be used to slow monsters (yay for mouse integration!), you must now carefully consider how to manipulate the bar to ensure that the enemies are the ones to be stunned rather than your party, and mistakes can turn even a normal battle into a desperate struggle!  This extra dimension is, quite frankly, genius.  I have never been so engaged in ATB style combat.Overall, though Child of Light is a short game, I would still absolutely recommend it for the current $15 price tag.  Don't miss out on this one!"
76561198123535714,Recommended,256290,22096429,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Elldren,"Abousolutely beautiful game!! The artwork and music if fantastic..some of the best I've seen in a game.It really goes to show how a game can be great without high-end 3D graphics or the over use of violence/gore.One of the main reason's I purchased this game is because of how FEMALE FRIENDLY it is. The heroine is a little girl and is something I can feel good about letting my young daughter play. Too many times have I seen a game's treatment of females molded to appease pre-adolescent boys who get an errection if you just mention the word boobs.This is 2016, it's about time a company takes this type of stance. Bravo UbiSoft Montreal :)10/10!"
,Recommended,256290,22096615,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,EthaN =),just a masterpiece
76561198296809674,Recommended,256290,22099047,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,jasmine.jiamin.chen,Hauntingly beautiful with an immersive soundtrack. You are also accompanied by a little shiny companion so you won't feel lonely. <3Girl-approved:Would make a nice gift for girlfriend.
76561198263884549,Recommended,256290,22099962,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Drinkopop,"An absolute gem, and this is coming from a guy who hardly ever plays any RPG's."
,Recommended,256290,22264384,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Escanor,Great game!!!!!
,Not Recommended,256290,22264522,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,troy4u,"Yes this game is beautiful. Yes this game has great music. Yes this game has some of the most stylish art. Yes this game has great controller support. But... Why isn't this game any fun? Here's why:1. The writing is average at best. The dialogue in the game tries to be poetic and gets annoying.2. The main character is boring and the story itself is not that great.3. The game feels like a weak RPG and there's just not enough meat to the gameplayI bought this game because it had great reviews everywhere and as I get into the 6th hour of play, I realized I was still not having any fun. This game is a loser for me."
,Recommended,256290,22302016,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,tricksie,"They tried rhyming ""side"" with ""outside""you know... You are just using the same word...That's okay, I guess i'll let it slide."
76561198107363560,Recommended,256290,22501956,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,boomytang,"Excellent sound and music. Nice gameplay. If you like turn-based style, you shouldn't miss this."
,Recommended,256290,22508109,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,thelorddeathknight,Good storyOrnament sound when the boss fightChallenge to play in hard modeI recommend this...
76561198088693243,Recommended,256290,22486690,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,=MBLM= D.roppin I.t,"This game is beautiful. The engine is a little bit funky, and it does require a pretty chunky PC to REALLY play it. Otherwise a great game."
76561198274579039,Not Recommended,256290,22456247,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,sidewalksurferXX,"Stuck in the darkI bought this but have never played it. Basically, I click play and my computer becomes frozen and I have to restart it.I have spent hours trying to find a solution online but all I've found are forums filled with dozens of complaints about the game crashing(not necessarily freezing the computer but close enough) and claims that Ubi-Soft offered no solution and no refund. If anyone knows of a fix for this game crashing the entire OS(windows 7 in my case) I would really appreciate it not only because this game looks really good but also because of the fact that I purchased 3 copies of the game and all 7 DLC(3 times as well) for myself and my 2 children."
,Recommended,256290,22567941,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,mustakrakish,"A solid RPG with a beautiful aesthetic sense. The game's style is just stunning, and I really appreciated the literal poetry of the dialog. The gameplay is a bit on the repetitive side, and a lot of the decisions you make just don't seem to matter. Overall, I'd say it's well worth it to play through once."
,Recommended,256290,22610211,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,cutie patootie,"THIS GAME. Oh man, where do I begin? This is the definition of a ""feel good"" game. The movement it so fluid, and the art is gorgeous. Like a watercolor painting. The score is so lovely. I immediately bought the game soundtrack off amazon after I finished, it's just that good!The game mechanics are what you'd expect, I didn't personally encounter any glitches. The battles can be a bit tedious and repetative at times, but that didn't take away from the experience. I like that there's occasionally little puzzles you need to solve to proceed throughout the game as well. The storyline is like a fairytale, narration and all, which is something that might seem overdone, but it was a unique, refreshing take on the trope.I'd definitely say there's a lot of replay value to this as well. It was just an overall fun experience."
,Recommended,256290,22580179,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,MAX II,"Piece of art. Nearly flawless.+ music by Coeur de pirate.. I mean, what more?"
,Recommended,256290,22345209,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kasares,amazing game beautiful artwork as well as storyline. The message woven into the story really brings u into the world created in the game. the battle system is challenging and fun loved every second i played the game
,Recommended,256290,22371771,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Pomf ==3,One of the few things to support ubisoft in. Show them that good games is better than microtransactions.
76561198048812868,Recommended,256290,22342162,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,haelian,Amazing game. I loved the fairly unique battle system which doesn't take much to learn but a bit to master. Only wish the game lasted a bit longer or had some kind of end-game/reason to find the all of the secrets after the ending. One of the best games I've played in a long time still.
,Recommended,256290,16038998,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Lusoka,"First and foremost, there is no reason to tell you it is pretty or ugly, or it sounds wonderful or you should invest in ear plugs.It is completely an opinion thing that has no real relevance in a review. Unless it is causing an actual issue in the game (Which this game actually does have one.). There isn't a point to say anything about it.This game has a lovely combat system stemming with many tactical options if you figure and decide to use them. The little wisp you get is not only for puzzle solving and healing from smacking traps and the like, but for combat as well. All this is implemented wonderfully, though I will say, it is alot easier to manage with a mouse then a controller, since it slowly moves towards the location with weight.The platforming this game has, while mild, does what is needed and doesn't unfairly damage the player in any real cheap ways, except for maybe one area, but there are usually plenty of healing around, even on the hardest of settings.The story seemed well thought out, at least to me, supposedly there was more to the ending from what I hear, but it ended ok. One thing about it peevs me a little bit, but I'll mention that later.Now the irksome stuff. Let's start with characters. Despite the characters having multiple paths, there are only so many that really matter. The game only really has two mages in the game, and once you figure that out, it feels more like a punishment when you go down a less optimal path. Alot of the characters go into this category. I don't mind mentioning this one character, he is remotely close to the start. You'll run across a wizard who can do fire/water/lighting. Now, you can split them up and maybe get all the medium single target spells, OR you can go all Lighting, get a dmg bonus to all spells by 30% at the end of the chain and as a added bonus, most things tend to be weak to lighting late game....ya, not really much variety when you screw over the fire and water builders who play the game.This kinda goes with most characters, since if you decide to do that sorta thing, then you need an attacker, removing thefirst character from the other tree, yadda. There also is something nasty about the main character if you decide to go melee instead of magic and vice versa. For me, she skyrocketed Int, the other way was str, It seems to balance out more if ya go into both early, but I saw most intellect growth for about 90% of levels.This is an art issue, it doesn't happen often. The background will get in the way at certain points and it can be very easy to run into damaging objects. Bout it there. Ran across a glitch where my main character didn't have her flowing locks. Was kinda funny. Think is was a resolution issue, also caused slowdown.My first run was a 3 speed, 2nd was a 5 speed. Healing is so much better on 5 speed. Like 3 speed is basically the equivalent to 1 with how slow the healing can be, 5 is just snap done. It just feels really slow. Probably gonna make me a 5er for life.Overall it's a good game, the variety feels like it could use more to make different replays worthwhile. You totally could do melees and such, but it's just extending battles way to long for no real reason or benefit. It's the only real gripe I have with the game. The difficulty is about medium I think once you figure out how things work, which the game either straight up tells you how to do it, or just the littlest of experimentation can lead you to.(Example: I figured out I could heal while the game was paused for my action.)Little tidbit. While I don't like having another thing open for what seems no real reason, it is actually way better then if steam launched it. One main reason. The achievements can actually lead to you getting something. Like, omg right, your unlocks in game are actually useful? :O Amazing. Now I don't know if it is trying to shovel trojans and♥♥♥♥♥♥at me or slowing my computer down, but I could really get behind the trend of ""Achievements do something.""Now to end on something witty and clever. *Burp*"
76561198053975973,Not Recommended,256290,22330713,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Fat grills and feeders,There are better games of this ilk out there.The art style and music are awesome.The gameplay and writing are bland.
,Recommended,256290,22286773,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,tak0_n,"A magical journey for the liberation of Lemuria, a fantasy world with gorgeous landscapes accompanied with a beatiful soundtrack.The fighting scenes is well designed and tought of, it tends to be too much repetitive though throughout the game.UPlay was the main drawback and some graphic glitches here and there.I definitly recommend this game."
,Recommended,256290,22492193,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,sil,"I do love this game.  The distinct art style, the wonderful music, the fun characters and silly dialog, the streamlined familiar combat system, and the story it tells.  The only thing I do not like is having to install the incredibaly stupid and pointless uplay.  I don't need it and don't want it.  I would recommend this to everyone if it was not for that."
,Recommended,256290,22699738,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,ninjapandaowl,"Beautiful graphics and story. It went on for longer than I thought it would towards the end, but it was good. A relaxing yet challenging enough RPG. Suitable for more casual gamers who want in on some RPG action. Loved it!"
76561198079670855,Recommended,256290,22661095,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,CuddlyCuttlefish,"This game is fantastic.Do you need the Uplay client? Yes. Is it a bit annoying? Yes.But it's a small sacrifice to be able to play this game. Don't not get it just because of the Uplay client.Atmospheric, inredible artwork, gorgeous music, rewarded exploration, crafting, turn based combat, and optional difficulty levels -- this is one of the best adventure games I've played in the last couple of years. It's so beautiful. Just get it."
,Recommended,256290,13709655,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tmark,This game is a piece of art. You should all play it and understand what that means.
,Recommended,256290,13714641,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,KingKeiffer,"Wow, such a fun, fun game. Great battle elements, sound, music, characters, etc... My only complaint... Just wish it never ended! Would blindly buy any sequel or additional content made by this ubisoft group."
76561198065427797,Recommended,256290,13440227,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,The Moustache Wrangler,"First thing's first: I highly highly recommend this game. Buy it!I can't think of anything bad to say about this game so, having just completed in on the story difficulty (Normal, as opposed to extreme) I'm going to list off everything I loved about it.The graphic style is perfect for the game, the background art as well. I even love how the bloody screen transitions in certain scenes. Visual 10/10The music is aboslutely superb, I sit here now listening to it as I write the review. Music 11/10The story is written in such a way that you really want to do everything to help Aurora, the main character. Between that and the rhyming script it's incredibly endearing. Also applies to the characters. Story + Characters 9.5/10 (I didn't like that mouse!)The combat system I personally like. I'm sure there is a term to describe the combat style but its essentially turn based (With ways to influence the time between turns, this happens often). I like how the combat system works, the skills you can develop on each of the many characters is varied and you could probably use any combination of characters you wanted. The combat wasnt challenging in story mode, I didnt use any consumables until some of the very final boss fights. (However story mode is not supposed to be difficult). I'd say 8/10 for the combat system as it did look nice but with so much variety among the characters I'd love to be able to use more of them simultaneously and pull off grand battles.BUY IT! It goes on sale all the time, if you're reading this review on sale, buy it even more. Buy it twice?"
76561198075010850,Recommended,256290,13440715,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Samuel,Beautiful game!
76561198066006167,Recommended,256290,13442272,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Josh,"Preliminary note:  Child of Light requires UPlay to... well, play.  I personally haven't had issues with this, but if you don't like the idea of handing over your personal data to yet another steam knock-off, well, you've been warned then.Aside from that, Child of Light is a really well-done game, easily one of my personal contenders for Game of the Year.  I've played through it twice, completing both the normal game and the game+ variant.  I'm even considering playing it through a third time because I continue to find new details each time I play through it.  Not to mention, the music is just wonderful.  If anything, this masterpiece is worth it just for the soundtrack alone.To understand why this game is good, understand that every detail in this game feels like it was put there with a purpose.  Everything from the background music, to the shades in the landscape, to the characters you meet, to the art of the landscapes themselves, all feel well-placed with regards to the story.  Everything follows the story arch beautifully.  There's very little backtracking involved (unless you want to look for extra treasures), so it feels as though the story progresses at a nice pace.  It may sound like the game is narrow, but it doesn't feel that way at all as there are a lot of optional areas you can explore.Even the combat, which one would suspect could most easily fall victim to redundancy, is very well done.  Almost every chapter, you are introduced to new combat styles and enemies, so it never really gets old.My only criticism of the game is that the end of the last chapter feels a tad rushed, and apparently it is because there was a section between the end of the previous chapter and the final boss that was omitted, per the creative director in a reddit Q&A.  And it is a real shame too, because I just want more!If you like fairy tales, JRPGs, normal RPGs, story-driven games, or even just Coeur du Pirate, you should play this game.  Nowadays, I rarely spend more than $15 on any base game given the frequency of steam sales, but this game was worth every cent and then some."
,Recommended,256290,13521939,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ultimate waifu,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,256290,13504934,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,lucklobster,"Above and beyond being a well designed and fun game, it is amazingly beautiful. Not only in the visual, but also in the poetry of the narrative and dialog. The characters, while fighting in typical RPG fashion, are sucsessfully written and managed in a way that does not turn them into aggressive warriors despite the combat element of the game. This is how ""strong female protagonist"" is done properly. Aurora is not simply given a masculine attitude, rather she follows the Hero's Journey as a young girl without any indication that more masculine traists should be expected."
76561198135966203,Recommended,256290,13517069,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Coeybill,"Absolutely beautiful game. Very easy interface and learning capabilities. The art was my main reason for getting the game, the story, characters, and overall atmosphere within the game kept me playing. I cannot wait to return to play once again."
76561198055514957,Recommended,256290,13728146,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,soeccentric,I thought this game art was beautiful and the music was equally well done.I highly reccomend if you are playing local co-op. It's a very unique partnership that I haven't seen anywhere else.It has a feeling of a comfortable favorite fairy tale. The characters are unique but has tones of familar fairy tales that you might have read. I found it an absolute delight.
,Recommended,256290,13728458,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BadIndieGamer [Takeda],"When I played the demo of this, I really didn't like it, but after researching more about the game I decided that it was worth buying the full version. Turn up the combat speed to counter my earlier complaint and off I go. It is beautiful. Probably the most beautifully designed game I have ever played. The art style is so unique and pretty. Aside from that the combat is fun, the storyline seems very interesting and the overall feel of the game is very engaging. I can't wait to get deeper into the game."
76561198041649599,Recommended,256290,13729390,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Superduperlative,"This game is extremely pretty, fun and has great combat mechanics.Levels, characters, quests are all fun.Art style is extremely pretty.Only thing I didn't like was that the game was too short. I wish it had gone on and on..."
,Recommended,256290,13730565,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sgt. WantCuddles,"A beautifully crafted experience with a moving score and a lovely (if straightforward) story.  Highly recommend - the music alone puts this in my top 10.  They did have to cut content towards the end and it's noticeable, unfortunately - I would have liked to savor it longer.  New Game+ will have to do for now."
,Recommended,256290,13730746,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Abelli,"An old fashioned RPG in the form of a fairy tale.  If that sounds like something you'd be in to then it's worth checking out.  It's good enough to put up with UPlay, but don't buy their DLC, it's a rip-off."
,Recommended,256290,13731956,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tiggz,"Oh My God.I haven't even beat this game yet and it's one of the best games I've ever had the chance of playing. Bought it for 5.99 during the Winter Sale and can honestly say, one of the best purchases I've ever made.Seriously. Read on for more.Gameplay wise, you can fly around and do pretty much everything. It kind of reminds  me of Dust -An Elysian Tail in how the map works, but combat is turn based instead of hack and slash. Speaking of gameplay-  i LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE how the characters interact with each other! Everyone speaks in a rhyming meter and its PERFECT for the type of game they were going for! The story is rich and the characters are amazing.Speaking of the combat system - it's something I havent seen in a while. Basically you have a ""Wait"" period, then a ""cast"" period. If you get hit while you're casting an attack, then you get interrupted and set back on the wait period. It's really quite interesting - you have to time your attacks properly so that you can intterupt your enemies.You get loads of party members (as I'm writing this, I have had a total of 5 different members, excluding Aurora). You can only have one person helping you per battle, but you can switch them out mid battle without any penalty. Every party member is slightly different - you have a healer/jester character, a mage, an archer, a swordsman, and a tank (as far as I've seen). I will update this further if I get more party members. You also get a firefly, Igniculus, who talks to you and gives you advice, as well as being usable to light up dark passages and interact with puzzles throughout the world map. In addition he is crucial for battles, where you can shine light on your enemies and slow their speed in a battle, which is crucial to winning.The augment system with the Oculi crystals is pretty simple to get the hang of. It actually reminds me a lot of the Rune Combiner in League of Legends. You have your basic crystals, ruby, sapphire, and emerald, and you can make combinations to create different gems and upgrade existing ones (ex. 3x rough ruby goes into tumbled ruby, 3x tumbled --> faceted, 3x faceted --> brilliant.) Each oculi gives a unique stat bonus depending on whether you put it on attack, defense, or time.Overall I give this game a 10/10. Buy this game!"
76561198017897178,Recommended,256290,13732574,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,xAx,"Got lost in a forest, found a talking floating orb, picked up some strangers and killed my step mother; just an average day."
76561198062763006,Recommended,256290,13733024,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tiny Rick,"love this game, incredible deal for the price"
76561197963278940,Recommended,256290,13733760,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Mewz 4life,"The story is very interesting! the music and artwork are beautiful! The game is fairly easy to play, but i like that, its an easy not heavy thinking RPG.  The story is told like a classic fairy tale, old english style.  I took a chance on this game and I'm really glad I did.  I plan to look for more like it.  I've been playing a solid 4 hours now."
76561198039656065,Recommended,256290,21737574,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,KushCannon,"Awesome platformer RPG, highly recommend if you can buy for $109/10-Great sound track-Great art through out the whole game-Combat is entertaining enought"
76561198163934836,Recommended,256290,21125414,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,☙❦❉Vixer❉❦❧,Love the music and gameplay
,Not Recommended,256290,21019760,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,StarRider88,"So I have heard MANY good things about Child of Light. People have compared Ori and the Blind Forest to this game in terms of visuals, atmosphere, and music. That got me very interested since as you can tell by my picture, I like Ori. Anyway, I bought the game and logged into UPlay only to see that it can't connect to the Uplay server. ""That's alright"" I said with a heavy sigh ""I can always play some other game and get back to this later...""So, I played Crypt of the Necrodancer and came back an hour or two later, only to see that Uplay is STILL having issues. I decided to try again later. Later comes and it happens again. This continued the rest of the day and as of this post, it is about 1:10AM. Untill things with Uplay start to clear up, and I'm sure the reviews will tell you when, don't get this game. I will come back with an updated review after Ubisoft does something right for once with their crap internet services."
,Recommended,256290,10098318,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,MrJoshua,"It's like playing a childrens story in RPG form.  Very well done, try the demo!"
76561198020727008,Recommended,256290,21150921,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,[RG] FrOzEnNiTrAtE,"Want to face the meanest and most difficult boss of all time?1. Buy Child of Light2. Install Child of Light3. Run Child of Light4. Instant epic boss fight against uPlay5. With the hardest boss you have ever faced finally defeated, it's time for an adventure!Amazing SoundtrackStunning VisualsEntertaining GameplayAnnoying uPlay10/10 would install again"
76561198104511336,Recommended,256290,21152284,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Maclaurin,"Although the whole story is kind of ordinary, the visuals look quite nice and stunning. Besides, the music really delighted me, especially the song played by Aurora.(I'd just bought this game at full prize before the lunar new-year.)"
,Recommended,256290,20415956,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,yuhuu811,lightning strike all !
,Recommended,256290,20418855,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,mrdev24,"Wonderful graphics, new game play and battle tacticts. Nice story. Bit of a rushed ending, I assume they plan to make a child of light 2 with the rushed ending? Worth my time and fun!"
,Recommended,256290,20363219,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,SimpleCrux,"Beautiful game. Simple game concept. Could be more a tad more difficult, but overall the the atmosphere of the game kept me playing more than anything. The character dialogue was annoying, but I'm sure some one would find it amusing.Overall I would recommend for people to play if they are looking for a game that is an easy, yet beautiful to run through."
,Recommended,256290,20366277,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Stryder,"The ReviewSpoiler free!!This game plays like a storybook and can keep its wit while appealing to a younger audience. The art style is beautifully whimsical. Each area was unique and worth exploring. The battles are challenging, but not difficult enough to deter less experienced players.The Nit-PicksI hated signing in to Uplay every time I started the game. Logging into Steam should be enough.The dialogue got a little bogged down at times trying to tell the story in a rhyme scheme. However this second point can be ignored.My overall score 8.75/10"
76561198141718592,Recommended,256290,20363696,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,prettypony11,"This is a fantastic game for those who like small party, turn-based RPGs. The speed bar combat system works really well; so much so that I'd like to see it implemented in other games. This game also boasts great music, stellar artistic styles, and a pretty solid story. I will, however, say this. The game is too easy, even on expert. It is much better if you play through on expert but don't use the oculi system or any items during battle. Those limitations will provide a challenge, but not too much so. Definitely worth picking up.Oh yes, and Uplay is a huge turd, but that's what Steam's return policy is for. If you can't get it to run, that's a shame but it's worth trying. Don't let people sway you away from a great game because they don't know the proper place to complain about something."
,Not Recommended,256290,20423056,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Argus,"I didn't end up getting sucked in by this game. The visuals were pretty, but I found myself not getting caught up in the story."
76561198026466903,Not Recommended,256290,20342884,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,nuclearkittenx,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. However I have found it to be very dull and repetative. If you are looking for a beutiful game try Dust, Ori, or Outlander. All of those are superior.Some nice ideas, but overated."
76561198052461321,Recommended,256290,20402347,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,T_Roy,"Fun game with lots of charm.  The battle system isn't overly complicated but allows for lots of strategy, especially late in the game.  The music is fantastic and the graphics are very well done.  It's a fairly short game, but worth every penny."
,Recommended,256290,20407000,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,littlenymph,"If storybook style games are not your thing, you would be doing yourself a disservice by not giving Child of Light a closer look. This game is far more than the simple point and click that many games in this genre offer. If storybook style games ARE something you happen to enjoy... prepare to be blown away. Although the story itself is a bit linear, you will find it holds a surprise or two. The combat is well executed. There is a bit of crafting, collecting and side quests. The ability to construct and enhance a party with interesting, well developed characters lends an air of complexity. And best of all perhaps, the games artwork and music are simply breathtaking. At times it felt as if I was playing within a master crafted water coloring.Your journey into Child of Light begins when you take on the persona of Aurora, the precocious daughter of the Duke of Austria, in the year of 1895. Aurora falls into a death-like slumber one night to awaken on the mysterious and magical continent of Lemuria. She discovers the land to be under the despotic grip of Umbra, Queen of Darkness. While back in Austria, a bereft Duke mourns his comatose daughter, Aurora finds herself thrust into a daunting mission to bring back the sun and stars which Umbra now holds under her control. At stake is her father, the people of Austria, the varied inhabitants of Lemuria, and Aurora's own destiny.As you set out to explore Lemuria in hopes of finding a dream path home, you will encounter the Lady of the Forest who will help to arm you with your four greatest assets. A magical sword of unknown properties. A seemingly useless flute. A firefly named Igniculus, who is much more than he may seem at first light. And best of all, the power of flight. Oh, did I forget to mention Aurora can fly? How awesome is that, eh? This one asset alone opens the map to means of exploration not usually encountered in games of any type, and you will most certainly have need to explore.During the course of your explorations you will encounter many side quests, each of which can enhance your abilities in surprising ways. You will collect ""confessions"" which help to unfold the story and offer valuable insight. You will collect jewel like occuli which can be crafted and combined to enhance weapons and abilities. Best of all, you will encounter the denizens of Lemuria, many of whom will seek to join you in your quest, and help to overcome the minions of the Dark Queen, sent to impede your progress. Each of these fellow explorers will bring unique personality and abilities of their own to the party. You will find yourself in the company of a Jester that can't seem to rhyme or riddle. A capitalistic, love struck mouse. An untrained gnome-ish spellcaster. A frightening but depressed warrior cat, and perhaps even a lost sibling or two, but that's all I'll say on that. No spoilers for you, my friend.Game Play:Child of Light is a standard 2D side scrolling exploration game, with the added dimension of flight. I can not begin to describe what flight, to include the ability to hover in place adds to this game. It is not simply that it removes the ""bleh"" that sometimes occurs with side scrolling. It serves to open every square inch of the screen to exploration and discovery, which greatly adds to the games total playable area. As for the 2D graphics, the layered artwork in the game is not only beautiful, it adds a sense of depth one would normally expect to encounter in 3D graphics. It is very easy to forget what style of game you are playing as the land of Lemuria draws you in. In addition to exploration and discovery, there are elements of collecting, crafting, character advancement, puzzles and a pretty good combat system. It is designed as a solo game, but can become a two player game with one player controlling Aurora, while the other plays Aurora's companion, igniculus.Building a party is a major aspect of the game. Every character, including Aurora, will come with an advancement tree specific to that character. As you gain advancement points through accomplishments and combat, those points can be used to expand and or improve upon character abilities. Points can be distributed as you see fit. In addition to advancement points your characters also gain in level. All characters gain level from combat, even if that character did not take part in the combat at hand. You have complete freedom in which characters you advance, as well as which branch of their advancement tree you wish to focus on.Child of Light can be played at various levels of difficulty. It is suggested that you play through at the lowest difficulty level the first run through for the sake of experiencing the story, and increasing the level for a more challenging replay. Even at it's lowest setting you will find it challenging at points, especially near the end game, but not so difficult that younger players will find it near impossible to complete. Despite the linear aspect of the game that does not allow for alternate endings, I find the game to have a moderate degree of replay value. On minimal difficulty, you should be able to play through the entire game in 10 to 15 hours; Longer if you explore every corner and accumulate every collectible.Crafting and Collecting:Crafting in Child of Light is deceptively simple. The only item that is crafted are gem-like items called occuli. You can use occuli as they are, join them to obtain more powerful occuli, or combine them to create new occuli. Occuli are used for the sole purpose of enhancing gear and weapons.The primary collection items are confessions. To avoid being a spoiler, I will leave it to you to discover the merits of collections for yourself, but be sure to keep an eye out for confession pages. See that piece of paper fluttering in the breeze? Yeah... you might want that...Combat:When entering combat, the action shifts to a combat zone. Up to two allies and three foes can engage at any given time. It is smooth and somewhat fast paced. Fortunately for you, party members can be switched out on the fly, allowing you full use of your entire party. You can even save a fallen character by switching them for a fresh party member.The combat itself is a classic turn based RPG style that incorporates an action time bar. Each character has a specific set of abilities and the ability to switch them out allows for a variety of cooperative combo attacks. Bosses have various attributes as well so combo attacks can be used to exploit weaknesses or counter strengths. The time bar is the most important element of the combat sequence, and many abilities and attacks can manipulate it by hastening the time bar itself, or disrupting an enemy before he can attack.Unlike many games I have played with this style of combat, selecting the defend option can often be a sound tactical choice that can save you from being interrupted. The defend option is especially useful when one of your combative characters possess buffing, supportive, healing and hastening spells.Each party member has their own unique skill tree which can be developed along multiple paths to gain new abilities or improve upon existing ones. It should be noted that each character specializes to some degree. Some characters have powerful physical attacks. Others possess elemental attacks and counters. Some are fast attackers, useful in keeping foes disrupted, while yet others excel in a support role. The majority of skill points are best spent on passives to raise HP and defense while using the remaining points to gain and upgrade specific skills. All party members gain experience whether used in combat or not, which allows the entire party to advance as a whole.Full review with trailers, walk-through and complete game sound track can be read here:http://mm-mysticalts.proboards.com/thread/402/child-light"
,Recommended,256290,20400405,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,theBigBellrhino,"This was a fun take on the turn-based RPG system; smooth combat with a unique twist on how the order within said combat flows. The story may be a bit lack-luster and predictable at times, mostly due to it all taking place in an in-game engine which leaves clues that you're not done even when you reach certain story beats, but the atmosphere of the game definitely makes up for it. This game is a beauty to behold and a joy to listen to, and there is a modicum of re-playability to it with the side-quests available and collectibles scattered throughout. I highly recommend it to anyone who prefers a nice, leisurly stroll through a richly designed fantasy land."
,Recommended,256290,20411116,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ax2Grind93,If you want to get a younger sibling or child into a turn based RPG this is a great game to test the waters. Ubi-art engine looks great and you can even play co-op with a second charater on the mouse.
,Recommended,256290,20412929,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,[FP] DorkKnight,"This game, just after one major location and first boss, has become an instant classic for me. The art style, direction, music and fluid gameplay all make for such a mezmorizing and enjoyable experience. I even love how the dialog is written in verse. Gives that classical feel. Oh the Frech, they always know how to animate their way to my heart"
,Not Recommended,256290,20435650,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Von_Wattsen,Meh
,Recommended,256290,20479434,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Yuni_16,It's a simple and lovely game to play.
,Recommended,256290,20477282,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,zsec,"This game was amazing. If you are a fan of the FF series then this will feel right at home. Their are tons of hidden unlockables and puzzles to figure out.+Simple but fun combat+Amazing art+Amazing soundtrack+Story moved me+Plenty of content + DLC+A generous amount of side classes to playMy main healer was already at full health at the last boss fight, and I accidently healed twice. I would do it again.10/10"
76561198042442132,Recommended,256290,20481375,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Azeraph,I just fought a fricking dragon as a 7 year old girl...Cons: Uplay
,Recommended,256290,20476844,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Breezier ツ,"I have to say this game is amazingly good, and I usually never write reviews, because I'm lazy, but the gameplay is incredible, unique, and omg, rpgs!"
,Recommended,256290,20436546,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Francesca Lucchini Best Girl,"Absolutely beautiful, nicely executed.It's a simple tale like the ones we need from time to time oldschool good vs evil where good triumphs by beign good and helping others, no antiheroes, no questionable moral choices, no shocking reveals.OST is very adequate.On the gameplay side it's like old Final Fantasy 4, but toned down a lot, you can't do combos and stat increasing spells only works once, you can't stack, also you can only use two characters at the time which I found really odd.Get it on sale it's not worth the full price because it requieres Uplay, which is DRM within DRM and it's pretty annoying and lame."
76561198083954161,Recommended,256290,26276659,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,arvigeus,"If only the dialogues were voiced, this game would have been 11/10."
76561198322698374,Recommended,256290,26198804,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Mechpolaris,"I love this game! I recommend this game to fantasy, turn-based RPG fans and will immediately buy a sequel if there's one available.You will be grateful for the quick travel map when backtracking for coffers and stardust(permanent stat boost item). I like the occuli system, combining gems with different effects (wish there were more slots, but it may break the balance) and has 4 grades, also makes grinding same enemies enjoyable. I also enjoyed the stardusts, building your perfect, multiattacker to cream your enemies.The art is beautiful and the dialogue is entertaining when read aloud.I'm ok with skills, there are a few active skills with the rest being passive stat bonus, wish there were 2more trees for different roles and for continuation in NG+. The NG+ resets stardust locations so you can buff your characters indefinitely.I don't like the game for being short (I'm grateful for the NG+) as I finished it in 13 hours."
,Recommended,256290,26211063,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Chance,"Yeah its worth, storys okay nothing to cry about.Gameplay is actually pretty ♥♥♥♥ing compelling for a JRPG remix, play this if you want to see some half decent battle mechanics in a RPG. Seriously was impressed with the small micro management you had to do, instead of just hitting a button to attack.Aside from that, I'll be real this game isnt breaking barriers or pushing you. Just enjoy it on sale I guess"
76561198042157293,Recommended,256290,26215543,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,krev23,"Very nice arty game. Graphics and music moving and captivating, easily the best elements of the game. Combat and core mechanics serviceable with some strategy involved and increasingly more deep as you expand your roster of party members. Only annoyance is the late game combat becomes a little too easy and a little too frequent which ends up making progress slow going without it necessarily being all that exciting. Some member of your party will level up after every minor fight by the late game so you end up having to spend an extra few seconds in the menus to allocate skills each time. Takes away from the momentum a little.Story is charming albeit confusing at times. Female protagonist is a plus."
,Recommended,256290,25861105,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Nahren,"Very beautiful game, I love everything about it! The story, graphics, and characters are well made. Moving around and fighting isn't difficult to learn. Worth buying and playing all over again! :)"
,Recommended,256290,25909198,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,❆有希❆,. complete with good gameIm prefer on it
,Recommended,256290,25904989,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Thiago Baptista,"Not only this is a very delicate work of art, made with evident care, an astonishingly beautiful art direction, an interactive fairy tale, but Child of Light is also a very fun game to play."
,Recommended,256290,26280856,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,g00s3,A lot better than I was expecting with some nice twists. Good modern platform although some of the elements were a bit vague and unexplained. Worth a buy on sale 7/10
,Recommended,256290,26314925,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,David0vić,"Child of light is very unique, there is nothing really quite like it. The sense of exploration is very well done. Exploring each visually striking area looking for items to help you out for the next fight while the beautiful soundtrack is accompanying you is the highlight of the game. The story is pretty decent it gets the job done, I wasn’t a big fan of the dialogue between the characters because they are rhyming everything they are saying and a lot of it feels very forced and not very clever. The turn based combat is pretty good and has some real depth to it which keeps it engaging throughout the whole game. The game doesn’t necessarily do anything wrong or bad, it’s just not as fun to play as games I give 9 or a 10 to and also the story didn’t really get me emotionally invested and the dialogue could have been handled better but it’s still a great game that is definitely worth playing.8/10 (Great)"
76561197988396700,Recommended,256290,24939604,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Potato Bear,"Its fun game. like the game style and graphics, they are different like no other. kinda sucks i cant run this directly from steam, needs to open up my ubisoft account."
,Recommended,256290,30841297,Posted: 30 March,all,Livvy ♡,"I have no words to describe the love I have for this game. I'm not much of a single player game type of gal but I really enjoyed this game. The story was cute, art style was beyond amazing, soundtrack 10/10, characters were creative and the concept of the game was beautiful. The ending was a little rushed in my opinion but in all I loved it. If you are fond with water colour artwork, cute plot, great relaxing sound track and atomospheric adventure through an RPG/Fantasy game then I highly recommend this game.Only con was crashing a few times but it was all good after a restartAlso I never raged a lot during the game cause the artwork makes me very happy : ')Rate: 10/10"
,Recommended,256290,16486091,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Arten,"Very charming, well made, and fun.  My ADD took me away from this game, but I wish I finished it.  From what I played, highly recommend."
76561198019644285,Recommended,256290,24994602,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Kimbabu,Such a beautiful game. The artwork is stunning! Masterpiece!
76561198014041804,Recommended,256290,25003009,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Alfred Korzybski,"WOW. Beautiful art, lovely music, great sound-effects, excellent writing, detailed animation, awesome spell-effects, and... mechanics?! Yes! This game's combat actually has MECHANICS. If you don't know what I mean by 'mechanics', think Starcraft 2, or any other game that requires more than choice-selection-at-your-own-pace. (I'm playing ""expert"" and not ""casual"", so ""casual"" may exhibit different behavior.)I knew... I had a feeling when I first saw the trailer for this game over a year ago, that I was going to like it. Circumstances arose, and even though I bought it almost 10 months ago I couldn't play it until now. And honestly, I think there was a reason for that. This game's overall aesthetic, tone, etc., are hitting me hard right now (in all the best ways).Should you buy it? I can't answer that, but if you like the combat style of Final Fantasy 3/6, and are keen on the art, music, prose you see in the trailer, then I'd feel comfortable recommending it.TL;DR: Buy it. Play it. Experience it."
76561198023738257,Recommended,256290,25045294,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,pisumnux,The games is beautiful and a lot of fun.
,Recommended,256290,15326972,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,astarti,sweetest game ever.
76561198014982795,Recommended,256290,25082005,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Mightiev,The Good: The Game.The Bad: Ubisoft
,Recommended,256290,25061122,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,skylarmaykis,"Beautiful art style, fun, timing based combat.  The music is really nice, and I enjoy how mostly everyone speaks in rhymes."
76561198105066832,Not Recommended,256290,26323657,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,kraang97,"While the game has a nice art style, a somewhat unique story, and beautiful sounding music, I found the overall gameplay to be too boring to continue playing and soon requested a refund. I wouldn't recommend purchasing this if you're like me and looking for more action based games."
76561198079273688,Recommended,256290,26501868,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Niisan,Comes to show that old styled games can still amaze me.Loved the artwork and the gameplay just gets you addicted.
,Recommended,256290,19972245,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Showstopper,"A marvelous gem that's absolutely worth it. Well done Ubi, that's true art."
,Recommended,256290,20004732,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,bunnyrut,This game was beautifully made.The imagery was mesmorizing. the story was intriguing. the music was wonderful.
76561198204936451,Recommended,256290,20059937,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Beacon_Hunter,I'm loving every minutes of this beautifuly crafted game ! A++
76561198032660430,Recommended,256290,20079195,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Strali,"Beautiful game. The addition of Igniculus to combat is a nice touch, as it makes it more dynamic. Still, the fights do get quite repetetive after a while, as there is often no need to adapt ones strategies much, atleast on the easier difficulty. The diverse characters also bring a lot of charm to the game. Would recommend."
76561198039322181,Recommended,256290,20093235,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Cleyven,This game is soooooo great and beautiful.The battle systm and the story all scream old but good.Good:- Story progression- Power progression- Animations and the graphicsBad:- Nothing much really the only thing maybe they could have add a bit more challenges for the end game.Now we only need to wait for the next one.
76561197997431318,Recommended,256290,20221508,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mogryo,Great stuff.
,Recommended,256290,20221997,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Fonso,This gamer is very fun and full of charm.
76561198244902222,Recommended,256290,20223287,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡thelostgirl,"Gorgeous game, great game play, lovely soundtrack"
,Recommended,256290,20223705,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,gustinex,"There is no such thing as a 10/10 girl/guy.But there is a 1000/10 game, and this is it."
76561198014089582,Recommended,256290,20013958,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Wait...WHAT?,"What a hidden gem!Beautiful game: wonderful art and soundtrack, great gameplay, captivating story, not too long or too short (no grind)!"
,Recommended,256290,20317624,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ihe,the arts and musics are so gorgeous
,Recommended,256290,20302761,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Ѻ u t 么 o k e r,Good Game.
76561197963953811,Recommended,256290,20341618,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,AltaDanDan,"Both pleasing to the eye, and beautifully written - mostly in rhymes."
76561198174553769,Recommended,256290,20336551,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[14K]-*MuraR*,"Love it. The only game I can play along with my girlfriend. The graphic design is excellent, the story is strong enough to connect the game. Effort in small details like waving hair, interactive between characters etc. is significant. Highly recommend it on sale and still worth it if you buy in normal price."
,Recommended,256290,21908724,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Nite_Traveler,"A masterful work of art from start to finish, and a delight to play.Here we have the story of Aurora, a young girl from Austria who is suddenly transported to an ancient and mysterious land, suddenly having to fend for herself against the strange creatures and dark forces that inhabit it. Along the course of her journey, she'll meet different types of creatures, some human or human-like, and others of a more animal nature, (often I was reminded of Zelda games) and several will join her team. As expected for an RPG, they each have different strengths and weaknesses, and you can hone their skills to build your dream team. And together, the team will travel the land, fight monsters, solve a few puzzles, and try to help Aurora get back home to her father.I'm not huge into RPGs, so it takes a really good one to capture my attention for very long. This game as an RPG is not only incredibly fun to play, but it's also very innovative in a lot of ways. Turn-based combat gets a bit of a twist here, with a sort of timeline that determines when you and your enemies will strike. The speed varies based on your stats, what attack you're using, how fast your enemies are, and if any status effects are applied. If an enemy strikes you while you're preparing to attack, your attack may be interupted. But if you're clever, you can also use this against an enemy and interupt their attack. I don't know if this approach is completely original, but it's the first I've seen of it, and to me it made turn-based combat a whole lot more interesting. Every move you make can be timed and strategized to defeat opponents with different types or strengths. There's also a Pokemon-like element system where elemental attacks can be used against enemies that are weak to that type. And you can instantly swap out a member of your party for another one if you need to change up your strategy.Another nice addition is that you have a blue fairy, Igniculus, who you can contol independently of Aurora. He can help you solve puzzles, gather items out of Aurora's reach, do basic healing and even slow down enemies during combat. His energy is a renewable resource that's an essential part of the gameplay. You'll get used to controlling two characters onscreen at the same time, and using both of them to complete tasks or strategize for combat. Igniculus can even be controlled by a second player if you have another controller.I can't say enough nice things about the look of the game. Everything is rendered in a beautiful watercolor style, and some areas are simply incredible to explore. The screenshots just don't do it justice - you have to see for yourself how good this game looks. The soundtrack is also beautiful and very appropriate, and the combat music was done well as to not be annoyingly repetitive considering how much you'll hear it.The leveling system is very generous, some might say too generous, but it helps the game to not feel like too much of a grind. I enjoyed the combat so much that I battled with every enemy I encountered - it just never got boring to me. Leveling up gives you skill points which you can use to improve your stats, attacks, defense, and other abilities. There are also items in the world that can permanently increase your stats, as well as Oculi which are crystals that can be crafted. I ignored this for a while, but once I understood how it worked, I became obsessed with Oculi. They are fun to craft and help you plan the strategy of your team by adding bonus effects to their attacks and defense.The world is pretty big, but you have fast travel which unlocks automatically as you discover new areas. There are a handful of side quests that you can take on if you'd like. Some of them get a bit backtracky but I didn't mind it - generally the longer the quest, the better the reward. For the main quest, exploration is very important. It may take you a while to figure out where you need to go next as there's very little handholding here. You just get a slight hint about what you're supposed to be doing, and that's it. I found this very refreshing.The story is pretty simple, but it holds together well and I found myself invested in the world-building as I went along. I loved the dialogue - most characters speak in rhymes and riddles - and this helped to build the characters a bit and show how they relate to one another. I particularly enjoyed when Igniculus asked Aurora questions about her world or what it's like to be human. Her answers were often simple, yet profound and moving coming from a young girl.Overall a very enjoyable game. If you liked Ori and the Blind Forest, Dust: An Elysian Tail, or other games like those, you may enjoy this one even more. I still have yet to finish Ori because the difficulty started to ruin my enjoyment of the game. If something simpler and lighter than that is your wish, Child of Light will grant it. Took me about 15 hours to finish, but I took my time exploring and engaging in every battle and side quest. You could likely finish the main story in half that time if you wanted to.10/10 for me, very well done."
76561198064101186,Recommended,256290,30733145,Posted: 25 March,all,SeaSlug,"A beautiful game, art, soundtrack, and story alike."
,Not Recommended,256290,21894363,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,lilygoatgruff,"Very pretty game but gets old quick. Graphics laggy, slow plot, takes too long to get through dialogue, bosses aren't interesting."
,Recommended,256290,30727030,Posted: 25 March,all,Hostile,Truly Beautiful. The soundtrack and story alone make this game worth picking up. It's fantastic.
76561198057548220,Recommended,256290,12319203,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Zatanna,"Beautiful is the only word that comes to mind when asked to describe Child of Light. From the amazing fantasy world of Lemuria to the delicate flow of the soundtrack and from the immersive combat system to the underlying theme of the story, Child of Light becomes the beacon of both hope and inspiration that a great RPG can exist in this generation of gaming.The world of Child of Light is incredibly stunning and very well realised as the fairy tale setting comes to life as though right out of a children's bedtime book. Reality is but an ember within this brightly shining flame of fantasy galore and I can't help but stop and marvel at the beautiful world during my travels through Lemuria.This existing beauty is largely due to the fact that everything within the game is made to look as though it was painted in watercolour. Whether you're floating around as Aurora or admiring the character portraits during conversations, the art style brings out a sense of nostalgia and fondness, reigniting the subconscious memory of famous old fairy tales. Do they have talking mice? Check. How about midget magicians? Check. Sword in the stone? Double check. All of these, in aesthetically attractive watercolour art.The world is fully fleshed out with a soundtrack that is truly remarkable, memorable and addictive. As you cruise through the skies of Lemuria, you can't help but give your mind over to the soothing draw of the violin or sway your head to the catchy tune of the piano. The solo effort of Béatrice Martin creates a bridge to your emotions that latches on and never lets go, long after finishing the game. The battle music, however, makes use of a whole orchestra to generate fiery fierceness and a potent cheer during its climax that would be sure to instill an everlasting feeling of power and hope within the player.Gameplay in Child of Light is akin to what I would call a turn-based active time interactive system. Why interactive? This feature comes from your buddy, Igniculus, who can be used to slow enemies and heal Aurora and her allies. The active time turn-based system acts independently of Igniculus (controlled with the mouse) and depending on your timing in slowing your enemies, can be very useful or horribly detrimental. This dynamic shows off even during the first battle and is something I found to be engaging and very fun to play with.Finally, Child of Light tells the story of Aurora, a young princess who finds herself in Lemuria, in search of her father who is at death's bed. While the story remains as such, the underlying theme is what I found to be the actual journey, the actual idea of the game. Child of Light isn't just a simple fairy tale, it's a light-hearted coming-of-age story. Even after finishing the game, it's strange to say I've become attached to Aurora's journey and maturity.The only gripe I have with the game is the length of it because having done all the side-quests, optional bosses and collected all the confessions, I've only logged in about 13 hours. Of course, the price compensates for that and I'm quite used to playing properly lengthy JRPGs which obviously does not compare.Child of Light, to me, was well worth the money and I can not be happier to say that such a great RPG is now present on the PC. The game was short but incredibly sweet and I can't help but keep diving back into it, not to do anything else but gaze at and absorb its beauty. After all, having the ability to fly, I wanted to simply float along and smile."
76561198022694448,Recommended,256290,24819887,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,- V-sync: fast -,No words... a masterpiece in every aspect.10/10
,Recommended,256290,25175099,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Haterade,"I have played my first few runs of this game on expert but I was feeling a bit bored and just wanted to hear the music and story of the game another time.  I am 1/3 of the way through on casual and it is the most relaxing feeling ever. If you like atmosphere, story and music this is the best game to just coast through...Take the time to immerse yourself in this game and you will not be dissapointed"
,Recommended,256290,25254473,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Kisev,Great game!
,Recommended,256290,25274970,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Madigan-Modigan,"Probably one of my favorite games. I really enjoy the combat elements of this game, and it's challenging, but not challenging to the point of rage. The artistry is so beautiful, and I love the general theme behind the music. I also recommend getting the ""Golem's Plight"" DLC; Golem is a very useful character to have in your party, especially for his paralyze and set back attacks.Overall I really enjoyed this game and I highly recommend it!"
76561198149013011,Recommended,256290,25908198,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,OÇTT,"Igniculus: Aurora, what is a home?Aurora: Somewhere you have truly grown.why do you cry ?for the lost light, the eternal dread.The empty rooms that house dead.The empty people that house the living.The end of this circus, unforgiving.For the old man who can barely walk,For the yong child who can hardly talk.For you and for I,That is why ı cryI guess that's enough. :D"
,Recommended,256290,27371721,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Leon Whitestar,"Right up there with Ori and the Blind Forest this is one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. The sound, the art, the story, the narration, everything contributes to make Child of Light not just a game, but an experience."
,Recommended,256290,27372320,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TwoStepsFromHell,Fantastic world i can say
,Recommended,256290,30934484,Posted: 3 April,all,LoveUAlways,Only one thing to sayI love Aurora
,Recommended,256290,27411575,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,What Would Stannis Do?,Combat is refeshingStory is engagingCharacters are differentThe oculi are pretty cool to play around with
,Recommended,256290,27366714,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,marianberryjam,"I haven't yet finished this game, but so far, it's beautiful, relaxing, and fun to play. I love the art style. The story is well written (so far). And the music is excellent. Controller support is really good. I'd say it's worth buying for anything under ten dollars."
76561198108162793,Recommended,256290,26706438,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Allen245,"From an artistic stand point; beautiful game, nice story to go with it. I just wish that it was a little bit longer."
,Recommended,256290,26701450,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,aiontemplar,"Beautiful artwork, soundtrack, gameplay.What captivated me the most was the artwork. It is simply stunning to traverse the world of Lemuria as Aurora and fighting alongside companions. Art reminds me of a JRPG I played called Dust: An Elysian Tail. Music is captivating and very fitting with the places and areas you travel.Storyline is overall solid and I thought I'd get annoyed by the constant speaking in rhymes, but it grew on me. I was somewhat saddened that I finished the game quicker than I had wanted but overall, a very solid game. Highly recommend.NOTE: you do need to create a UPlay account, which was a little annoying. Whenever you finish certain accomplishments, you can go to the UPlay store and buy yourself some stardusts/items to help you on your journey in Child of Light."
,Recommended,256290,26704330,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Adobe Creative Suite Photoshop,"10/10, great loli game."
76561197998903650,Recommended,256290,26866117,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,g_kewin,"At first sight, a well-done heart-warming interactive fary tale. Yet, so much more ! Not going to spoil your experience by telling you anything about it, except that it's worth installing UPlay (and that should tell you a lot :P )"
76561198092744480,Recommended,256290,26824232,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Annosz,"I tought that all stories which want to tell us about a girl, who is in a grieve situation, so she has to grow up and be brave can only be found in silly, worn-out games (or they make the game to one of these). Then Child of Light came, and showed me a story that I couldn't forget."
76561198048854857,Recommended,256290,26824395,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Izzy,Beautiful game
76561198310329845,Recommended,256290,26753791,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,emilyclarkabroad,"Beautiful and stunning game, the soundtrack is gorgeous and I couldn't stop playing. Game lagged a bit every now and then but I think that was simply because of my old laptop. I would recommend this to anyone. You'll love it."
76561198056752045,Recommended,256290,26750876,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,DeWizLoc,"The art and audio in this game are simply beautiful, and extremely well paired up. The scenerey and audio combinations give off a mild creepy vibe at certain times during the game which was cool. The combat mechanic is pretty well balanced, and if you put some effort into your fights theres really no need to grind a bunch of levels which made for a nice casual play thorugh. The story is good and the way the dialogue is written was interesting."
76561198044433454,Recommended,256290,13850221,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,jack89515,"I've played countless games from big names like xcom, bioshock series, fallout series, mass effect, etc. to the cute little titles like recetter, reus, etc. but nothing beats a good refreshing old fashioned simple RPG with a great storyline like this! This is the first game I was able to play completely from start to finish in recent years without losing interest. Highly recommended if you're a fan of the RPG genre. This will definitely take you back to the golden ages of RPG."
76561197987836429,Recommended,256290,13638657,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Baba Yaga,"I am honestly surprised by this game. I am more of a FPS guy but this game manages to steal my heart with its brilliant aesthetics and narrative.The game tells its story through the use of rhymes which works remarkably well. The combat itself is a turn-based format but with an added twist - you could slow down an opponent or even set them back, allowing you to hit a few extra hits.Throughout the story, you meet new characters that will join your party, some are good, some have ulterior motives. The replay value is somewhat there, allowing you to play a new game +, which is basically playing through the game on a harder level.Overall, a stunning and beautiful game. It is pretty on the eyes as well as the ears - the music is amazing."
,Recommended,256290,27970617,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Luna,FEELS2REEL5ME 10/10 TT=TT I LOVE IT AND U SHALL TOO!
76561198002592562,Recommended,256290,13718717,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,MakeMeLaugh,This game is the definition of art.Definitely one of the best things Ubisoft ever released and hopefully we see more like this.
,Recommended,256290,28011801,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TwoShotsOfVodka,Had seen a few let's plays and heard great things from friends; beautiful easy to play game and nothing prepares you for ho attached you get to the characters <3
76561198152726260,Recommended,256290,28011909,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Aeolis,"Nice music, nice artwork. Characters talk in poetry. Nice game."
,Recommended,256290,27998475,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PranteX,nice story and gameplay
,Recommended,256290,28031961,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Kaizer,ISN'T THIS GAME CHARMINGgGgGgGgG?8/10 GAMEPLAY9/10 STORYLINE10/10 MUSICI love it.
,Recommended,256290,28054870,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,bocajintensity2,"Still one of my favorite games of all time! I owned this game on another system and had no regrets with purchasing it again on steam. I love Interesting art styles, and this game in unapologetically uniqe. Combat is interesting and visually a joy, though it can get a little repetitive.The story is the real reason I will come back to play this every once in awile.  I can't spoil anything but it's really just somehing you have to play. Oh the music! Ok so I love the OST, and I still do, although it has lost some of it's weight over time. It is beatiful, but can get repetitive.Also don't take my play time to mean that I have beat the game on steam, this is my third playthrough and the actual game length is not and issue, planty of content!The game is also no push over in terms of challenge on ELITE difficulty."
76561198083934057,Recommended,256290,28086715,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LP,Beautiful graphics and story. Kids love watching and playing this one!
,Recommended,256290,27991666,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Puffiness-Shmaffiness,"A beautiful pieace of art. Music, Art Style, Writing and gameplay, all fits well togheter. I must buy on sale in my opinion."
,Recommended,256290,27988368,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CyberPaladin,"Even though I've long-since beaten this game, I chose it as a nominee for one of the Steam Awards. With little to no hype at all, I found the screens, description, and art of the game intriguing enough that I had to get it and try it.I was immediately drawn in and held. I found the story engaging, the gameplay fun and challenging, and the world and its inhabitants captivating. The game as a whole is beautiful, fresh, and satisfying. The DLC is good and the ability for some configuration to your characters using the gems and stardust.The combat is easy to grasp yet challenging enough to keep you working at it. Ok enough from me, go get it if you don't have it yet, and start playing it!"
76561198041506434,Recommended,256290,27905683,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,"Hello, I'm Felix",One of the most beautiful and elegant games I have ever played. Some people didn't like the rhyming but I actually really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,256290,27914471,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vellaroque,I played this when I was in a bad state of emotions and...let's just say that this game has healing powers. Yeah let's go with that.
,Recommended,256290,27381905,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,babylullaby2,"Beautiful, relaxing, atmospheric, and really cheap on sale."
,Recommended,256290,27933577,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,otsukaka,非常不错
,Recommended,256290,28500285,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Shelter.,"I have a tendency to jump to game to game, whatever fits my mood and it's rare that I play one long enough to complete it entirely. It has to really grab my attention.Child of Light did exactly that. The graphics are gorgeous, the story is good, the mechanics are smooth and battles aren't just easily handed to you.I would recommend this game if the price were double what it is. It's such a great game."
76561198086791194,Recommended,256290,28507625,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Seikara,Simply one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. Do yourself a favor and don't let this one slip by.
76561198131533470,Recommended,256290,28353105,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,MoonDoggy,amazing game. very simple and easy but it's also very beautiful
76561198010687016,Recommended,256290,28339966,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Izjeen,"Beautiful game. From the artwork to the plot to the sonudtrack. Can't reccommend this game enough. Its even pretty fun asa coop. Right length for a game aswell, the plot did'nt drag out."
,Recommended,256290,28394358,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,mischiefingmarauder,"This game was unique, beautiful and entising. I'm ready to play through it all over again. I highly reccommend!"
,Recommended,256290,12583190,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Attus,"This is probably the most beautiful game I've ever played. Everything, from the artwork to the rhyming dialogues just grasped a hold in my heart. I would absolutely recommend everyone who's after a gaming experience to buy this game, despite its fairly short playtime (about 11 hours on casual mode)."
,Recommended,256290,22914818,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,coffeeandsconestime,"This game looks like a watercolor painting, it's gorgeous, and the story is enough to keep you interested without being overbearing. It's a pleasant, relaxing sort of RPG. While there's several characters to juggle, each has a pretty set and obvious purpose in battle. If you're used to just strong-arming everything, it's not a lineup that works for that and sort of forces you to use the support roles, which is sort of nice. It gives you a nice, easy balance to maintain.I'm not a fan of the controller support, I think the keyboard and mouse controls are much better, but then again, I haven't console gamed in a long time so maybe I'm just out of touch with controllers now.As for the Uplay that most people seem to have a problem with, it makes absolutely no real difference. A few extra 'achievement' notifications on the screen, and that's about it. Beyond the initial download being longer because of having to get that, I actually tend to forget the game even uses it until I finish one of the tasks and get a notification. Don't use that as an excuse to ignore a wonderful game."
,Recommended,256290,22899669,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Emmelise,"Playing this game feels a lot like playing a piece of art. The music is beautiful, the storyline is captivating and the graphics just bewitching. I genuinly loved the flow of this game and I couldn't put it away until I managed to complete it.If anything I would suggest the game is infact too short considering how amazing it was and I felt somewhat saddened that was it. Rarely does a game leave me in such a good mood as this one. Forget Xanax and Prozac, you want to play this game instead!The Uplay did not bother me as I had no complications related to it, although judging from other reviews there has indeed been problems with it. You can live with it. I promise."
,Recommended,256290,22870862,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,cdytoby,"Except for launching the Uplay,this game is unbelievably great!All conversations and texts have poetry's rhythm,which makes the game more awesome.It would be really nice,if they add dialog voice."
76561198066350570,Not Recommended,256290,22664740,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,s3RTH,Got this glitch where i move as slow as a snail on sandpaper and could not get rid of it. C'mon ubisoft fix this crap oh wait this is ubisoft.
,Recommended,256290,22736583,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,thinknervous,"This is one of the most beautiful games I have ever played or even seen. That goes for both visuals and soundtrack. The vector graphics are absolutely stunning. Each area is more beautiful than the last.I'm not exactly an RPG connoisseur but the gameplay is also far more interesting than most RPGs, IMO. The battle timeline, inspired by some FF games, makes the combat far more engaging than just pressing the same button over and over for every battle. Your speed stats as well as the timing of your attacks actually matters, which is rare in a turn-based RPG.The oooooooooonly complaint I have about this game is that it is not frame-rate independent (unless I'm missing some settings), so if you find that it is a very slow-moving game there's a good chance it is just lagging. The gameplay got about twice as fast when I decreased the resolution. I'm playing on a laptop though; if you have a good gaming computer you shouldn't have problems. And I HIGHLY recommend playing this on a good gaming computer if at all possible, because the visuals are so absolutely gorgeous.I guess I have another semi-complaint and that is that the story is very simplistic and some of the characters are pretty forgettable. I especially dislike that there are not one but TWO clown sidekicks. But that is a very minor issue with an otherwise excellent game."
76561198079717069,Recommended,256290,22241671,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Killerer2708,"First of the art is lovely, very pleasing to my eyes and I enjoyed the way the characters spoke.So if you like good art with turn based battles along with characters who often make rimes when they speak then this is a good game for you.However when I first got the game there was a slight problem that it would not save any of my progress at all.I eventually solved the problem but for the life of me dont remember how I did it.You do have to instal Uplay to play the game however, personally I didnt find it to be a problem since I have to use it anyways for Assassin's Creed but maybe you dont like that and thats fine.All in all, it was a lovely game and I recomend it to those who would like a female main character facing the problems of a classic fairy tail, evil stepmother and all, including the fun quirky characters you are graced with that can follow you in your quest.9/10 (they lost one point because of the saving problem I know others have also had)"
76561197966460768,Not Recommended,256290,22245454,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Merril,"Positives:This game has great art direction!It tells a unique and captivating story.The addition of light as a player controlled character in and out of combat is special.Neutrals:The dialogue in Child of light is made of rhymes. It sets a weird pace for the plot, limiting the descriptive abilities of each line.The gameplay is pretty basic, turn-based with easy visual cues.Negatives:While they have skill trees I did not find anything to bring personal engagement to the combat."
76561198054024008,Not Recommended,256290,22437608,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,TunTun,this is a real game?
76561198032761932,Recommended,256290,22439003,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Gigaxe,A very beautiful RPG with solid mechanics and a good story. Definitely recommended.
76561198030781942,Not Recommended,256290,22421652,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Raditz,uplay
,Recommended,256290,22422466,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Pelona,"2D concept in 3D concept... hmm... or 3D concept in 2D concept?Whatever... There's no conts from me...I love the gameplay, story, and simple UITactical strategy in-battle gameplay!One more thing... BEST SOUNDTRACK"
76561198129478538,Not Recommended,256290,22439781,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,jcbolo6,I was really looking forward to playing this game. It looks so beautiful; the graphics; the gameplay. It is gorgeous. But unfortunately; the gameplay seems to be in slow motion. I have looked online everywhere to try and fix this problem but to no avail. It's too bad; I know I would have enjoyed this game. Now its just another game in my library.
,Recommended,256290,30752117,Posted: 26 March,all,Crazycatlady,I love this game and I wish it was even longer! The style is very beautiful and Aurora's story is perfect.
76561197982108818,Recommended,256290,27336747,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Huror,"I completed child of light in about 10-15 hours play through on a quite weekend.While it's not long there is a lot I can recommend about this game because the art is so pretty and in general the story is engaging and has some simplistic twists and such. Yes it is very cliche but if you like fairy tales and older stories this is a game version of such a tale.It was very enjoyable and simple to pick up and just play, there is not much complexity if that is what you're looking for in an RPG."
,Recommended,256290,13715888,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Buttercup Cockletit,I wasn't really a fan of rpg like games. But i really love this one.The art style that they used is really nice and different. And the music is just fantastic.Also the combat with the timer bar at the bottom gives you the feeling that you have more control during the battle. In general it's a game with an amazing look and with fun gameplay.
76561198052662150,Recommended,256290,19344674,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,killertomato9,This game is great. The soundtrack is by the amazing Coeur de Pirate and it looks beautiful. Highly recommend. 10/10
76561198064517003,Recommended,256290,19566935,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,tipki,"Pros:Stunning artwork. It'sI simply gorgeous to look atBeautiful soundtrackVery nice storyline and charactersOverall good gameplayGreat world to explore. Soooo charmingCons:Unskippable cutscenesUplay - on my system it keeps crashingTurn-based combat. It feels clunky and repetitive, but hmm, maybe it's just cos I'm at the beginning. Btw, this type of combat is not my thing which is partly why I put it on the list of cons.ETA: after the last patch release, Uplay stopped crashing which is good but shift + f2 doesn't work anymore. Oh well."
76561198097876618,Recommended,256290,27354388,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,l@5t,"This game is short and sweet, and by sweet i mean i don't want to live in this world anymore."
,Recommended,256290,27344325,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,wyde_v5,Beautiful handrawn like rpg
,Recommended,256290,27344447,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pekerchu,"Very fun, great music"
,Recommended,256290,27334348,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chambill,"This game deserves more sales.When I finished Valiant Hearts: The Great War, I thought this would be the best game I've played in 2016. Yet Child of Light surprises me with its calm soundtrack, astonishingly gorgeous artwork (and it is consistent), fun gameplay (better than VH:GW), and and beautifully written texts.A purchase you won't regret.If your English isn't good, you might have a little bit trouble understanding the texts, as they are very poetic. I'm not a native English speaker and I find myself have to look up dictionary sometimes. But in general, my gaming experience is smooth."
,Recommended,256290,22762066,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,0oga,"Amazing story, art and soundtrack!The gameplay never gets repetitive, requiring different team combinations and tactics against different enemies.The puzzles however are very simple, but I didn't mind.Exploration is rewarded with various items to enhance and customize your characters with.The only complaint I have is you are forced to install Ubisoft's Uplay.On the bright side, completing achievements on Uplay will let you redeem useful items (like potions or powerups) through the Uplay interface.Additional notes:I don't reccomend buying the costumes DLC, as there's a cutscene which gets totally ruined if you're wearing a different costume, in my opinion.The DLC character is totally superfluous, it's basically a very slow tank, unlocked through a very short mission at the start of the game."
76561198145736567,Recommended,256290,27628081,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Iysner,"Dope graphics, Dope gameplay and Dope Story"
,Recommended,256290,10012823,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,MidnightSnacks,"Great writing, beautiful art, cool combat, and good controls. Turn-based combat is almost DQ-ish in how little HP/MP your characters have; the magician you get can only cast 3 spells before running out at first. My only complaints are that the main character, Aurora, as far as I've played is weak as hell (low HP and low damage, even when dumping all my attack, defense, and HP upgrade items on her), and that healing with Igniculus (a firefly controlled with the mouse who acts in real time) takes so long you basically have to pause combat for him to be useful."
76561198076162355,Recommended,256290,27733468,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ki Swan,"The beautiful art style and music of this game was worth it alone. The dialogue between characters is creative given the rhyming parameters that are maintained throughout the game. I didn't mind that it requires uplay, I think it would be a shame to miss out on the game just for the inconvenience of uplay."
76561198006530747,Recommended,256290,27737212,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,gespenst,I honestly did not expect this to immerse me in the tale or character as much as it did.  The art and story though feeling somewhat rushed at the end are both beautifully done and the music is almost a perfect support to most scenes.Considering the style and simplistic nature of the interface I assumed a more childish and shallow experience. This was not the case for this game.  Others review the specific of the gameplay or the art but I can only add that this was suprisingly engrossing if a little short for my tastes.
76561198122882600,Recommended,256290,27737310,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lunanai,"Breathtaking art and music! Bit corky dialog, but it fits. If you're stuck grinding, it might also get boring.But overall a excellent game."
,Recommended,256290,27737406,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,isfos,"This game is beautiful and I will be playing it with any kids who grow up in my family. The art and music are top notch, the play is basic but fun, full of exploration, crafting and fighting for your friends and family. The story is like a storybook, and all of the dialogue rhymes! This game will keep me coming back for generations."
,Recommended,256290,27713387,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MPi,"This game is absolutely gorgeous: the art style is amazing and the soundtrack will make you feel as if you're flying with Aurora. It's a very poetic kind of game with enjoyable combat mecanic.Not very long, so if you're looking for a short sweet game to play this would be a good pick. :)"
76561198043932948,Recommended,256290,27675244,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AwesomeBreadMan ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"This is an absolutly gorgeous game. Not only is every conversation done in rhymes, but also the level system as well as the battle system is easy to use, but it never get´s boring. IMO the storyline is even better than the one of Ori and that is already cry-material ._."
,Recommended,256290,31909462,Posted: 22 May,all,Iggy-chan,"This game is amazing! The graphics are wonderful, the music is divine, and the game okay is top notch! I would recommend this to anyone who is into rpg style games, it has that feel to it!"
,Recommended,256290,31923873,Posted: 23 May,all,Kizen99,"I played on casual.I enjoyed the game, rhyming dialog and all. Nice audio, nice visuals, controls kept out of the way generally. I imagine a great deal of thought is required for Expert difficulty. It is relatively short.Bizarre UPlay rewards, and I didn't bother with the DLC. I only played a short while of New Game+, it became repetitive."
76561198047868578,Recommended,256290,31939805,Posted: 24 May,all,jcbvickers,A beautiful gane that really is just amazing.  The story is very light hearted but serious at the same time and is complimented perfectly by the art style.  I'm not really a huge fan of turn based combat but I still really liked this game.  The characters are where this game really shines.  Worth a play defintely.
,Recommended,256290,23230847,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,QuotaBee,"Overall I think the biggest reason why you should play this game is because of all the artistic elements and the combat system that comes with it.Adorable art style, children's book like story telling, visually appealing environments, fitting music for the cinematics and enemy encounters.I definitely recommend this for people who appreciate such things. Have Fun."
76561198093078973,Recommended,256290,32143622,Posted: 2 June,all,dasanayaka,"10/10I'm a big fan of turn-based combat, RPGs, and fantasy elements. This game does not disappoint. The art is intriguing, the different areas of the world are imaginative and inviting, and the story is compelling.Pros- many different characters to play as, and you collect them as you go, so there's more incentive to switch it up- not buggy, feels like a well-thought out game- world is immersive; good music, art, world-building- fun ability treesCons- the verse is annoying- gameplay is not difficult, so some may not feel challenged enough"
,Recommended,256290,28721929,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Charchargu,"Gorgeous Game,Love the Soundtrack of the game Beatrice Martin (aka Coeur de Pirate) has done a wonderful job on it.The art style is also beautiful and very appealing. for a fun RPG i'd say pick it up, it isn't as wonky as most indie games (heck it's produced by ubisoft montreal but that doesn't say much, only sad thing is it requires uPlay, but that is just a one time only thing, so totally worth it."
,Recommended,256290,28643112,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Fadjaros,"I started this game without big expectations but in the end it surprised. Simple and beautiful game design. Combat was simple but interesting.If you have some hours play this game. It is worth it!The artstyle and the concept reminds of a fairytale, like a bed time story.I recommend."
76561198054220139,Recommended,256290,28640414,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Daedric Royalty,"Awesome game, simply amazing... I'm a veteran gamer and I'm into mature gaming so when I first saw this game I thought it wouldn't be for me but after buying it on sale and playing it... the only bad thing about this game is that there isn't more of it... the art, the soundtrack, the combat system, the weapons and augmentations, its just all a good balance between simplicity and complexity"
76561198049046634,Recommended,256290,21167338,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Benztown1893,"I played the game for 12 hours (to the end of the game) and it was 12 hours of fun.You only play a nice game with an atmosphere and a mood you do not see often in videogames.Sometimes you think it is a game for girls in the 4th grade, but then you realise you also have so much fun with it and you don't care if the character is a very young girl and the story is very cute.You don't play Dark Souls or somthing like that, it is the extem opposite. Everybody can play it."
76561198082958767,Recommended,256290,28637840,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,XXXKITTYSLAYERXXX,6.8/10
76561198160646852,Recommended,256290,28641131,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BlueCarnation,"Love the soundtrack, the storyline, and the surprise! Surprise is always good.Quests are not very straightforward though. =["
,Recommended,256290,28593799,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Translucently Opaque,"The graphics are stylized and cute, and the mechanics are decently fresh without being completely non-intuitive. The story is interesting so far as I played it, and I'm looking forward to playing more and unraveling the whole tale. Some of the rhymes do get a biiiiiit cheesy, but hey, it's all part of the charm.Definitely a game to check out and lose a few hours in."
76561198075635354,Recommended,256290,28694468,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SpaceCadetGlow,"Very fun, beautiful art, lots to do but doesn't feel too long...really enjoyed this game! Particularly the comabt system and general RPG-style."
76561198074685084,Recommended,256290,28701748,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Herliefr Wido,good soundtrack high replayability rap god
,Recommended,256290,28572701,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Niv-Mizzet,"Briliant, astonishing piece of art.This game received a lot of love from developers, and it shows. I recommend it.amazing."
76561198108673015,Recommended,256290,20440731,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,victorcatch,I have found this game to be entertaining and has really beautiful artwork as well as great music. I have enjoyed playing through it.
76561198280867372,Recommended,256290,28576547,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,BerryBuns <3,Only played 22 minutes of the game and i can tell i'll love it. The story already catches your attention at the start...i won't spoil. But it does have that girly touch so i can see why some are not drawn to it. Will update when i've played more...
,Recommended,256290,28665382,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,GJ,"Nice, casual, relaxing platformer/RPG/adventure game with some simple puzzles. I liked the music, and graphics has unique style which works well for the game and its storytelling."
,Recommended,256290,28631961,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Wolfuliam,Uplay dont go done
76561198067168513,Recommended,256290,28645076,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Fall-From-Grace,"This might be the best game I've played in the last couple of years. It's incredible. Every scene looks like it was painted in watercolors, and the dialogue is in iambic pentameter, which gives it a sort of sing-song feel. The music is great, too. The combat system is really fun, especially given that it's turn-based with a twist. Overall, it's just a really fun, beautiful game."
,Recommended,256290,28537909,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,emewhin,"I really love this game, it has amazing artwork, sound track, and is super fun to play. The only problem is that the game seems to run on 1/3 the speed that its supposed to run on. But other than that the game is amazing!!"
,Recommended,256290,28571404,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Birdalert,Gorgeous game and the mechanics are well done. Story and narration are fantastic.
,Recommended,256290,28478088,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Wolf of Damnation,Very sweet and touching. Beautiful art style and wonderful music. Fun and variety turn-based combat system and great leveling system.Major difficult spike with some of the bosses on the hard difficulty.8.5/10 - I loved it and re-played it immediately in new game+ right after beating it.
76561198067305048,Recommended,256290,28280458,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,FETTOWNT,"This game is great. It scratched my RPG itch without all the dead weight of traditional JRPGs. No random encounters, no armor or weapons to continuously update. The storyline is streamlined, but meaty enough to give you all the essential elements you'd typically expect (and maybe some that you would not expect). There is some depth in that there are multiple non-essential characters to pick up and there is solid replay value in the new game+ mode.This game looks beautiful, feels sleek, is rewarding to beat and fun to play. It'll take you about 20-30 hours of game play to beat if you're taking your time, which is well worth the price tag, IMO. I highly recommend to anyone who loves RPGs."
,Recommended,256290,28380905,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Enigma.exe,"Wow. Just wow. Simply the most amazing RPG I have ever played. I haven't played an RPG in a while, but this game is great for all skill levels. Child of Light brings a unique artsyle and poetic dialogue that kept the characters lovable and the experience memorable and authentic. I also LOVE the soundtrack, every track got stuck in my head and the orchaestral feel of it is super awesome. This game is an absolute gem and one of my favorite games of all time.(Side Note, A lot of people don't like it because you need a UPlay account to play Ubisoft games and you can run into some problems, but I overcame the glitches I was having in fullscreen mode by windowing it.)10/10 Beautiful."
,Recommended,256290,27993054,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nyet,Beautiful and fun game. You can get reKt by RNG tho
76561198072990231,Recommended,256290,28278558,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Monty,"It's a really lovely game, with a rich story and somewhat nice fight system."
,Recommended,256290,26130484,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Zenjion,"Beautiful game, combate is unique and fun, art is pleasing and the music is lovely.Easily worth the full price.Don't let the fact this uses ubisoft push you away from this one. This game is an experiance to say the least"
,Recommended,256290,26721964,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,KastaNik,"This is my first review on Steam, but not my first review review.This game is amazing in terms of art and design, story, the characters and their abilities (my favourite is Rubella), gameplay, music (I was stoked when I learned the music is by Coeur de Pirate), and even dialogue.Not to mention it was made in Canada, which is amazing since it's the country I was born in and came to love.The only problem that I have with the game is the graphics, since it can be slow if it's on fullscreen, but can be easily fixed if you tinker with the options a bit. Or my computer just needs a kick♥♥♥♥♥graphics card (apologies for my language).I rate this game 4 out of 5. Though it's not perfect and has some minor issues regarding graphics, everything else this game gives is as if you are reading a storybook or you're walking in a surreal dream.It's like your ordinary fairytale, like Cinderella or Sleeping Beauty, but with a twist.To end this off, I had a lot of fun playing this game, and I hope that gamers who play this in the future have fun as well.Well, I hope this was a good review, and I hope to make more in the future."
,Recommended,256290,27076215,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GTKill,Recommended by the maker of the game herself. I would recommend it if you are looking for something out of the box. Nice plot and gameplay.
76561198052714979,Recommended,256290,22721241,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MisereNoire,"Fun platforming, decent controls if set up properly. Beautiful artwork that flows seamlessly between environs and actions. And the highlight of the entire title is the SUPERB soundtrack. Recommended controller is a DS4."
76561198318964928,Recommended,256290,30988309,Posted: 6 April,all,那哈莽行咒,Delicate game.& Excellent music.Strongly recommend.
76561198354246260,Recommended,256290,28655660,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,morganstoneking,Very beautiful and has great music!
76561198051549834,Recommended,256290,28798963,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Hagane no minor,"The only downside to this game is that you dont want to get caught playing it, after that is an amazing rpg story"
76561198069099723,Recommended,256290,28797946,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ethickca,"This game has a strange sort of satisfieing quality to it. Compleatling the game is like reading through a very good book, it left me satisified wholy with the ending yet longing for it to continue on further. The gameplay is entertaining and enjoyable with a unique spin on turn-based encounters, the story is well put together, and the joy of flying around the map is bar none my favorite part. I wholly recomend this game as it is well worth the money."
,Recommended,256290,29041076,Posted: 5 January,all,Johnnybnimble,"This is byfar the best RPG i've played in quite a while. The story is great, with amazingly brilliant poetry-influenced dialog that seemlessly creates a beautiful world. There is nothing bad in this game IMO, the soundtrack is dazzling, characters are solid, gameplay is fun and challenging(I played on expert first time through) and the occuli crafting system is a fun puzzle mechanic. Best game i've played in a while, 10/10"
,Recommended,256290,29048352,Posted: 5 January,all,sbsn,"I had to write a review.It's one of those that I wish I could wipe my memory of it and play again and again.Beautiful, fairy-tale story, pack of amazing characters, unique, fun battle system, great ""watercolour"" visuals and soundtrack to die for.Ubisoft sometimes manages to weave such gems inbetween their usual turds, and this is no exception.Really, play it, you'll know it was worth it when you sit through the credits, wondering what will fill the void this great game left."
76561197962927445,Recommended,256290,28979112,Posted: 3 January,all,L1f3m@N,"Great fun game, simple yet enjoyable turn based battle rpg. Great styling and music the game soothes the weary soul."
,Recommended,256290,29023349,Posted: 4 January,all,MissHaru,I love it~ the soundtrack also so awesome
,Recommended,256290,22788475,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Sweetz,"It took me quite a while to get around to playing Child of Light, but I'm glad I did.  It's a beautiful game and it was nice to play something with a JRPG-like gameplay format, but with a more reasonable length.That said, I have to air some gripes with the battle system since it makes up the bulk of the game's gameplay.  There's no one thing massively wrong with it, but there are several little problems that add up.Primarily, you can only have 2 characters in battle at a time, but the characters still fall into typical RPG archetypes of fighter, caster, support.  Only having 2 character types on hand at a given time versus the more typical 3 is annoying.  The game does allow you to swap out party members on the fly, but frequently needing to swap in a character just to cast a few buffs and then swap back to your damage dealer became annoying.What makes the swapping even worse in a way, is that the game places such an emphasis on elemental weakness that for 90% of the time I stuck with the same two characters who together could cast all spells needed to hit the weakness of most enemies - always swapping back to them after another character taking a single action to heal or buff.  Half the party members are support characters that aren't useful except to perform one action and then be immediately swapped out. Using the same two characters for the most of the game leads to a real lack of variety in the battles, even over the game's short length.Lastly, the game has a mechanism by which you can interrupt enemy attacks and set them back on the turn timeline, but late game enemies and bosses punish you for performing an interrupt with sometimes very severe counterattacks, rendering something that is a key mechanic and encouraged in normal battles into something that needs to be avoided.  I mean, if you want to have one ""gimmick"" boss battle that subverts the game mechanics ok, fine, but doing this with almost every boss fight is no good.As said, I still enjoyed the game in spite of my gripes with the battle system.  It's still better than many actual JRPGs where 99% of the battles are mindnumbingly boring, but I felt with a few tweaks it could have been a much better game."
76561198073958017,Recommended,256290,28742741,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,AcePaladin,"This game is really good, I'm not an expert in this field of gaming, but the puzzles, the monsters, the combat, and the music along with the art are fantastic and really emerse you into the world. I bought this game yesterday and have beat it already, it doesn't take too long to beat, but is definitely worth the adventure and time; as afterwards you'll have learned a fantastic story and adventure."
,Recommended,256290,28987732,Posted: 3 January,all,Killer,"I LOVE THIS GAME. GURL YOU GOTTA GET IT. But i hate Uplay, it can die. ;3"
,Recommended,256290,28973120,Posted: 3 January,all,Solace,"Bravo Ubisoft, for making a love letter to a JRPG, and making it goddamn beautiful.9/10"
76561198167970698,Recommended,256290,28984376,Posted: 3 January,all,ryan431bball,"I enjoyed this game but was not completely blown away by the story.  I've played through twice and managed to finish the game in one day on my second run.  The battle mechanics are the best part of this game.  I actually found it easier to  play with a mouse rather than a controller.  The art and music were amazing, well worth its price; if it is on sale, it becomes a must buy.7/10 Story9/10 Music/Atmosphere10/10 Artwork9/10 Battle System8.5/10 Overall"
76561198052436469,Recommended,256290,28952059,Posted: 2 January,all,Hekateras,"Beautiful game in terms of style but don't expect too much from it in terms of writing. Pleasant, relaxing experience for when you need to retreat into an uncomplicated fairytale world, but this is not the game to blow you away and capture your imagination for years to come.Pros:- The art style and music make for a great aesthetic, you feel like you're caught in a living watercolour painting.- Combat can be quite fun. There is no real 'one size fits all' combat strategy as different monsters require different strategies to defeat, and figuring out the best strategy for a new monster or boss fight can be quite fun. Its up to you if you seek out every encounter to gain XP or avoid all encounters but the necessary.- The level design is quite nice and there's something very pleasing and relaxing about exploring it, especially with Aurora's flight ability.- The worldbuilding is quite fascinating.Cons:- Levelling is too quick and easy. In terms of difficulty, I found 'normal' mode too easy once you got the hang of the game. Thankfully you can change modes mid-game.- All dialogue and narration is in rhyme. While the developers likely felt this created a certain feel, too often the rhymes are forced and cringeworthy and it comes at the expense of the dialogue.- The story is very... formulaic, in depth, and plays the 'good vs. evil' tropes very straight. There are some attempts at layers with the implication that The Whole Thing Might Have Been A Dying Dream (can it be a coincidence that the first companion you meet is named Rubella? Which is also the name of a disease.. maybe I'm searching too hard for something that isn't there) and all in her head, but they're not explored and won't give you any satisfaction. The protagonist changes from a little girl to a teen seemingly spontaneously mid-story and that's not really explained either beyond the vague understanding that it's meant to be symbolic of her personal growth or something.- On a similar level, though the game tries to create a sense of strong camaraderie and Friendship(TM) between the ragtag group of heroes and treats it as a given in-story, the short snippets of intra-pary dialogue feels like little more than lip service to it. Not helped by the fact that you as the protag can never actually choose what you say, so there's a sense of bystander rather than participant in all interactions with the NPCs. As such, I feel like you never really get fully invested in identifying with the protagonist.On the whole I'd say this is a game of style over substance. Good enough for the price I bought it at, but I consistently felt like I was expecting to like it more than I did. It's like all the elements were there separately that woke up my nostalgia and conditioned me to like this game through reminders of older and possibly better-written games, but none of it came together into anything meaningful. So it was okay, but it could have been great."
,Recommended,256290,28933436,Posted: 2 January,all,Lesh,"An absolutely charming game with beautifully done artwork, lovely music, and an interesting story. I especially liked the turn-based combat- the only thing I don't like about it is Uplay, but it's not inconvenient enough to make me enjoy the game any less."
76561198161859768,Recommended,256290,30991613,Posted: 6 April,all,Luminescence,"Good game, Good Storyline, Good Music, Good Art... So much to Love from this game.."
76561198124276155,Recommended,256290,27793798,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Barış,Great and fun game but not very good coop. Some bosses are too hard so feel free to cheat out some gems using cheat engine and gifting them to friends :)
,Recommended,256290,28882421,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SincereFury,"I wasn't sure how fun this game would be. However, the artwork, gameplay, soundtrack, and quests give this game a lot of depth. The story is intriguing. If you want a challenge, set the settings to expert difficulty. I'm 17 hours in and haven't been bored once. Definitely recommend anyone try it."
,Recommended,256290,28903650,Posted: 1 January,all,Azzurri,Pros:+Beautiful Graphics+Great Soundtrack+Adorable characters+Interesting CombatCons:-Grinding can be boring
,Recommended,256290,19382332,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,basement and chill,"There are so many beautiful aspects to Child of Light, although the combat system is nearly ruining the game for me. There's plenty of glowing reviews, so I'll focus on this one negative aspect in a short rant/review for anyone interested.So basically there's a feature which strips players of turns. I've played RPGs with somewhat similar mechanics, but here it  is what the outcome of a battle solely depends on. It's just frustrating. There's times where I almost think it's a brilliant idea. It adds something fresh to standard RPG gameplay, but ultimately it's flawed in my opinion. There's situations that you get into where it's a repeating cycle of trying to battle the turn setback, where you can't even manage to heal or defend, let alone fight the opponents at hand. At the beginning of the game it isn't detrimental, but it becomes very tedious a few hours in. You're combating a feature, not the enemies.Despite this, I would still recommend the game as a whole. There's so much brilliance to look forward to, and it could very well be my favorite title if it weren't for the feature discussed."
,Recommended,256290,31821144,Posted: 18 May,all,chrysanthemumcurtain,Best non-japanese JRPG i have played.
76561198018924611,Recommended,256290,32148636,Posted: 3 June,all,Del Bokunator No Pikonator,"Game good, very,  Cry."
76561198146548579,Recommended,256290,31641019,Posted: 8 May,all,kikimariposa,"I loved this game, holy wow. Gorgeous graphics! Great music!  Fun mechanics and play, and a story that may only go in one direction, but takes fairly long to get there.  Fun side-characters and dialogue, amusing prizes, and did I mention the art again? I should.  Beautiful art is beautiful."
76561198139558597,Recommended,256290,31680364,Posted: 11 May,all,Shogun,Perfect!
76561198139882917,Recommended,256290,31683341,Posted: 11 May,all,Shadow,This is one of the most relaxing games that I have played.
76561198042344608,Recommended,256290,31706640,Posted: 12 May,all,FluffyBunni,"It was a good game, and it had a great story."
76561197979483526,Recommended,256290,29118467,Posted: 8 January,all,Brand Walsh,"I'm not typically a turn based game kind of person but Child of Light is a great game.  Good combat system balance, cool art, difficulty is what you make it depending on how much you want to grind.  Once I started I played every day until I beat it, highly recommended at full price or sale."
76561198048330708,Recommended,256290,29147874,Posted: 9 January,all,anotherHel,"Interesting speed mechanic on turn based gameplay. Awesome art and story, love the poetry, and the characters can be funny at times.The only thing I wasn't really into was the side quests, most of them require you to go back to places where you've been and it feels like they were there just to add some more hours of gameplay. I basically skipped most of these.Overall, it's cute."
76561198028229560,Recommended,256290,29155423,Posted: 9 January,all,AdrianoPNK,"A game made by UbisoftAnd I think that you should tryWith great gameplay and storyThat in the end, made me cry."
76561197972140596,Recommended,256290,28864474,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kelso,"Child of Light received a lot of praise from critics and gamers alike for its unique approach to story-telling and graphics. While I enjoyed it, I wouldn't say I was quite as taken in as many seem to be.Its strongest points are undoubtedly it's unique visual aesthetic and beautiful piano-based soundtrack which perfectly matches the mood of the action on screen.It's fairy-tale story serves well enough, and I appreciate it for its attempt to be different, but at times the iambic pentameter rhyming was a little forced and somewhat tiresome.  It may be that I'm just not that crazy about turn-based combat, but I also found the combat in-game a little repetitive after 6-7 hours. From what I understand the turn-based combat in this game has more real-time elements than most turn-based games, but they weren't enough to really hook me on the moment to moment gameplay.Is this a good game worth playing? Absolutely. Is it a 9 or 10 out of 10 as many feel it is? In my opinion, no. What you get out of it will depend on your enjoyment of turn-based combat, your interest in a fairy-tale style story, and your appreciation of its beautiful hand-drawn graphics and elegant soundtrack.My overall rating: 7.5/10"
76561198128557541,Recommended,256290,23985588,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,lesailesdargent,"I would call this a half-hearted recommend, mostly based on the pacing at the end of the game. I really loved the art style of the game and the different take on turn-based battle. But there are so many characters that don't have much to do ands have incomplete stories. The ending of the game was very rushed - immediately fighting the final boss after fighting only the second major sub-boss. It seemed worth playing but definitely a let down at the end."
,Recommended,256290,14826415,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,sem1rek ⚜,"I almost can't believe that Ubisoft made such a beautiful game.+ beautiful music by Cœur de pirate+ simple yet decent story about friendship and good fighting evil+ dialogues in the form of rhymes+ amazing graphics (hand-drawn sceneries)+ oldschool turn-based combat systemThe game exceeds all other games in the genre, mostly because of all of the details mentioned above which all put together creates this truly original game.10/10"
76561197987569927,Recommended,256290,28885731,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,buehlertech,"Child of LIght was fantastic. I would recommend it to anyone! On the base level, the story line is well-thought out, and the animation and artistic work is incredible. What really brought it to life for me was the music. My only complaint is how short it was; but that it most definitely forgivable. Worth every cent."
,Recommended,256290,29240520,Posted: 13 January,all,Bee,9/10
,Recommended,256290,29248057,Posted: 14 January,all,falauke,I came here for art style and music and stayed for the gameplay.
,Recommended,256290,29254435,Posted: 14 January,all,HeyHeyHeathery,"I'm honestly obsessed with this game, not gonna lie. I think the art is STUNNING, and I love the soundtrack too. The characters' dialogue is often poetic--dare I say musical--and I was constantly smiling while reading their interactions. The story is kind of a cliche evil stepmother thing, but honestly, it didn't bother me a bit. The characters carried the game quite well on their own; I couldn't even pick a favorite. But even so, it was joyful to watch Aurora embrace her destiny and come into herself.Some people have reported negative impacts on gameplay from it being through uplay. I didn't ever have any issues, so I guess I was lucky? I've played games through uplay before, so that doesn't bother me too much.If you like beautiful art and music and a casual gameplay, I think you'll like this."
,Recommended,256290,11545200,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,An absolutely beautiful game.
76561198114549513,Recommended,256290,29704734,Posted: 4 February,all,Matte!,Realy good game totaly worth the money!!
,Recommended,256290,29742961,Posted: 6 February,all,.V,Very creative gameplay that hook you in-game for many hour with a very suitable graphic styles.
,Recommended,256290,29730105,Posted: 5 February,all,wolfcat87,"I really enjoyed playing this game while family and friends watched. I don't think I have found a game so interesting for non-laying spectators outide of South Park: The Stick of Truth or since Dark Alliance: Baulder's Gate! Even after watching me play, my children are still interested in playing through as well. This was definitely worth it for my family.My only complaint is how difficult it is to find things like the end for Cynbel's quest. I ended up where I should, I barely missed what I was supposed to find and never rechecked, so I wasted 2 hours going back and forth before finally just looking it up. That was upsetting. I also never found the Golem. I did not know there was a Golem until I was reading about the game after! Now, I'm worried about whether he's in my game at all. It's odd for there to eb a game where things are so easily missed, but the game was still worth having and very fun."
76561197985081764,Recommended,256290,30108974,Posted: 22 February,all,BazookaDog,"Turnbased combat RPG written in poems and rhymes. It's as if you took an art piece and merged it with RPG.Soundtrack is wonderful, and makes the whole experience very emotional. This game's only flaw is that it gets rather repetitive, and it is rather easy. Sometimes the combat is just too simple or simplistic. Some bosses on the other can be quite the challenge.8.5/10"
,Recommended,256290,31038458,Posted: 9 April,all,TinTans,"Great game, beautiful.  Loved the dialog and the story.You come across various characters with different abilities and you get to choose how to upgrade them.  You can also install various crystals for upgrades and the crystals themselves can be combined to make even better crystals!The battle mechanics are totally unique.  There's a timeline of sorts so you can see how soon each character's turn is coming up. You can cause certain enemies to slow down on the timeline or get pushed back either with abilities, the light or by interrupting them (hitting them when they're almost about to have their turn).  Using this to your advantage made the fights really interesting and fun.One thing that wasn't great was that the ending felt rushed for some reason.  I remember thinking I'd have a chance to look over my upgrades and crystals one last time but then suddenly I was whisked into the final battle when I wasn't expecting it!"
,Not Recommended,256290,30023118,Posted: 18 February,all,Sirmont *lop*,"Game crashes a few seconds after starting, every time. Looking at discussion forums, seems others have the same issue. Still no answer or fix. Can't play it."
76561198032118924,Recommended,256290,30001540,Posted: 17 February,all,Tassadar,I really enojyed the artwork and msuic. The music was really a hight point for me it made me feel really good and also sad at points at that is music should do keep you realed in.  Near the end it gets a little spotty story wise but i would still play this game again.
,Recommended,256290,29915259,Posted: 13 February,all,༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ☭Proletarino༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,"A simple yet poetic fairytale, coupled with pleasant fantasy land and great melodies. In fact, I'm starting to play a bit of this before bed time. <3Stress-free turn-based battling system that doesn't clench the brain, with easy yet fun tactics. It also has casual puzzles, and class RPG elements such as character development, skill tree and crafting. There options are not extravaganza, but quite on point. Childish? Yes, indeed. But it's the kind of childishness that gives you nostalgia and a pat on the soul. You don't need to grind in this game to keep up with the difficulty of the enemies, and that's excellent for me because I no longer find joy in the exhausting grind anymore (maybe I got old?).My only complaint is that it required me to install UPlay (basically Ubisoft's inhouse game platform), but ehhhh...it wasn't  much of a hassle. Well worth it for this lovely experience! :p"
76561198037583533,Recommended,256290,30085747,Posted: 21 February,all,pabloom,"A beautiful game, with beautiful graphics, beautiful music and beautiful story. Compared to other turn based RPG it is rather easy even in hard mode. It is a fairly straight-fordward game, but nontheless very enjoyable.I loved playing this game and I would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,256290,30093347,Posted: 21 February,all,Early Night,Absolutely beautiful game.
,Recommended,256290,30079528,Posted: 21 February,all,TwiliSailor,"Child of Light is a beautifully simple introductory RPG from Ubisoft. The story plays out like a fairytale which at first glance may seem campy, but once you delve deeper its a wonderful coming of age tale. There are plot twists and events that you wouldn't expect from such a child-like game which rather than seeming distasteful add a lot to character motivation. Gameplay uses a more simplified version of the ATB system seen in Final Fantasy games. The core mechanics revolve around a turn based system where you all use the same timeline and can push back or cancel each others attacks to gain advantage.It's not a hard game by any means but has a suprising amount of depth as you advance through the chapters. It's also not very long, a first playthrough might average about 10-12 hours depending on the difficulty you choose. The dialogue can get a bit panderous as all text is spoken in rhyme. There are some lines where you can tell they ran out of ideas and couldn't get something to fit. But in all the only dissapointment is that the ending seems rushed. Plot points are hastily explained before the games final battle and with more time it could have been an amazing way to finish the story.Child of Light is stunning. The way it uses music, atmosphere, graphics, story and gameplay altogether show that not all games from large developers have to be Triple-A to be good. One of the only games worth installing Uplay for."
,Recommended,256290,31053349,Posted: 9 April,all,Jon Snow,"This game is a unquie blend of many mechanics that worked really well and some that failed miserably.Lets talk about the art and music score first because by far that is the strongest asset to this game. The music is phenonmenal and really set the mood. The water color art style was truly a pleasure to my eyes and exciting to see each new part of every world/level.The story, simple and sweet. The rhyming never got tiring for me and each character had their own personal touch to the world which was nice and some were very creative like the mice who live on the back of a giant and travel abroad as traders of all products. The world was more fasinating than anything and was fun to just explore and get lost.The fighting/oculi system. Ok so here's the negative, it's not huge since you can bypass most fights (think chrono trigger style battle initation) but with all the detail spent creating this world they didn't spend much time with the battle mechanics, that other reviewers have already mentioned. I don't know, I really didn't enjoy it at all it felt really superficial compared to how much effort went into everything else.I recommend this product because I think games like this should be supported in the sense that I enjoy this type of ""out of box"" thinking, we can only hope that if they're gonna make an RPG that they take some classic mechanics from well worked systems."
,Recommended,256290,29642698,Posted: 1 February,all,crownhouses,This game has some of the most beautiful graphics I have ever seen. The gameplay is amazing and I've never been so attached to a story. All the characters are unique and like something you've never seen before. Can't stress enough how much I advise you to play this game.
,Recommended,256290,29789691,Posted: 8 February,all,3dzlime,"this game is amazing, i love the graphics, its almost like a painting that moves.it has a great story with final fantacy like combati recomend it"
,Recommended,256290,31108188,Posted: 12 April,all,Inkpool,"Upsides:+Beautiful artwork+Great music+Pretty good combat system based around timing your attacks interrupt the enemies. Rewards skill and strategy.Downsides:-Story is uninteresting-Characters are either bland or annoying-Some of the rhyming dialogue is awkward-You have to cycle through characters a lot in battle which is a bit tediousOverall this is a worthwhile ""indie"" RPG with a lot of puzzle/platformer elements mixed in. It's nothing amazing, but it's worth playing for the art and music. It takes maybe 15 hours to beat if you're looking around for all the items and fighting all the enemies. which is short for most RPG's but a decent length for a $15 title. I give it a 7/10."
76561198071355476,Recommended,256290,30229821,Posted: 27 February,all,ngulungundu,"Absolutely fantastic-- a wonderful, ethereal soundtrack; beautiful, painterly graphics; and easy, story-based gameplay."
,Recommended,256290,30246224,Posted: 28 February,all,wyulf,"to summarize it, child of light is a beautifully painted, well-told fairytale, with a great soundtrack.fairly straightforwardly, the story revolves around the battle of light and dark, good and evil, and in the midst of it all, is a child, discovering her own strengths, and that of the quirky friends she makes along the way.the story is quite captivating, and feels like it could well belong in an animated movie. the watercolor look and feel of it really adds to the mood, personally, it was the art that made me take notice of the game in the first place, but everything else about it is just as good. and to cap it off, it has a really nice soundtrack to go with it.of course, the only annoying part for me, is that to play this on steam, you still have to install uplay, go through that registration, and while the game is running, you will have BOTH uplay and steam overlays running alongside it too. less of a problem if you already have a bunch of ubisoft games i suppose.still, dont let that deter you from picking this up. truly a gem."
76561198022875095,Recommended,256290,31185672,Posted: 16 April,all,[TH] Mr.Joke-takk [>X<],This game is Beautiful.The art style.Story.The musics.They're all Beautiful to me.
,Recommended,256290,31190415,Posted: 16 April,all,THE UNICORN WIZARD,WATCH ME LOVE THISBY FAR ONE OF THE BEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYEDHOW BEAUTIFUL THIS GAME IS MAKES ME SO CRYhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPzerz41Pk4
,Recommended,256290,30153956,Posted: 24 February,all,Amphyby,"This game is incredible! I'm so happy that haven't missed this one. Can't find any somehow similar beautiful and interesting platformers to compare(maybe the only one is Ori and The Blind Forest).Interesting story, funny characters, great gameplay and just outstanding picture.Strongly recommend!"
,Recommended,256290,24978466,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Muro,Bought the game a little after it came out and finally got around to playing it. A game made for all ages and truely moving story.0
,Recommended,256290,31146873,Posted: 14 April,all,Rosemon,Fantastic art and music but short (10 hours to beat).
76561198196285207,Recommended,256290,30364304,Posted: 6 March,all,hufflepufffffffff,AMAZING. THE STORY. THE SOUNDTRACK. THE CHARACTERS. THE FIGHTING. AHHHHHHH
,Recommended,256290,30316749,Posted: 4 March,all,Kefalenchantress,the gameplay was good and i loved battle scene :D
76561197999015663,Recommended,256290,30228660,Posted: 27 February,all,Aros,Charming. Also one of the best soundtracks I have ever heard.
76561198134866882,Recommended,256290,30274383,Posted: 2 March,all,sahri27,"Really loved the art in this game! Thought it was engaging, but easy enough not to frustrate a beginner on the middle difficulty setting. I would play the sequel if it was released, however it was quite a fast game to complete."
76561198354441586,Recommended,256290,30290303,Posted: 2 March,all,joshua,"There's a lot of devotion to the various aspects of this game: the mechanics, the narrative, the setting, the art style, the music... together it constitutes a very rich experience. I'd highly recommend trying it out, especially if you're new to RPGs."
,Recommended,256290,30282213,Posted: 2 March,all,King Alfy,The game was great! it had a interesting and fun story that caught my attention. It definately gave me a smile as it is very fairytale-esque. I would recommend it to everyone!
76561198082547588,Recommended,256290,13774933,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,goldeos.007,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!
76561198261967965,Recommended,256290,30327985,Posted: 4 March,all,Tris Ghost,Simple story even though there is not much of depthIt's more of an artBeautiful and simple
76561198079506057,Recommended,256290,30349810,Posted: 5 March,all,pixelcaster,"Fun, memorable style and a fairly relaxing game. I liked it."
76561198253563517,Recommended,256290,31288197,Posted: 21 April,all,HelenChris0704,An fun and graphically amazing turn based strategy game
,Recommended,256290,31313286,Posted: 22 April,all,SmartChimp,"I really enjoyed Child of Light.  At this time I have finished the game but have not collected all the collectables but have collected most of them and have completed pretty much all the quests.In terms of gameplay I found the combat engaging, it a turnbase system base with some real-time elements.  I found I was losing on the bosses and had to figure out a way to beat them.  There is always to option to grind a few levels if they do become to difficult to beat and I had to do that for a few of the later bosses but in general I felt I did not really have to grind in general.The story had my interest but was just a typical fairy tale-esque.  It is not challenging or thought provoking but it services the game well and flows well.  All the writing is in rhyme and I personally found it cute and neat but at some points some of the lines were stretching.  The characters themselves were a different then the typical trope characters found in fantasy RPGs.  The graphics and soundtrack are really great in this game and I think it was one of the things that kept me going to explore the world.The multiplayer/coop in the game seems to be more there to play with someone who isn't as familiar with RPGs than someone who you, I was thinking of playing this with a friend but when I tested it out I feel it would just be a frusterating experience for one of us.  I am not unhappy they have this in though, I think it's a nice feature, albeit one I didn't use.Overall, I felt this was a good game and a good introduction to turn-based JRPG mechanics."
76561198165097562,Recommended,256290,31351810,Posted: 24 April,all,Ensatzuken,"A good game.Fine art that works wonderfully for the simple yet excellent story it tells.Wonderful soundtrack, battle system and oculi system are fun and controller is implemented perfectly.Only thing that COULD be annoying (it wasn't for me, had no issue with it) is the requirement of Uplay.Definitely a recommended game, especially if you like story driven games or rpg. Worth full price."
,Recommended,256290,31356581,Posted: 25 April,all,johnmlinn,"Great art and sorry telling. Combat is fun but a little bit limited with just two party members at a time, which detracts from the strategic elements of the turn based system. Still the game has a lingering effect on you. Recommend."
,Recommended,256290,32217850,Posted: 6 June,all,Snow,"This game is amazing. The artwork and cut scenes are truly beautiful, the poetry is very well done, and the story is well thought out and cohesive. I really have nothing but positive things to say. I would hands down recommend this to anyone.The puzzles are not too challenging, the quests are fairly straight forward, and the progression of difficulty is manageable."
,Recommended,256290,32402040,Posted: 13 June,all,Arlight1,Fun platformer and turn-based combat game. Reminds me of mario. But they should add some more soundtracks to the game cause it's always the same one playing over and over again in the background when exploring. And it's so nice and a little sad but gets repetitive.
,Recommended,256290,32406364,Posted: 14 June,all,sw91183,"I enjoyed the art and asthetic. The game glitched a lot and I found the game play physically slow, like I was running through water, which stressed me out."
,Recommended,256290,31873409,Posted: 20 May,all,hatsunator,"Gorgeous art and captivating music are all but half of the equasion in this artistic RPG.With a combat system reminicent of Final Fantasy 4 and an equipment system akin to Lord of Magna: Maiden Heaven. It's hard to go wrong with this title.(I do feel bad for the person who wrote all those ""poems"" though...)8/10"
76561198223808372,Recommended,256290,32688601,Posted: 23 June,all,rocksempu,"Esse jogo é uma obra de arte! Gráficos bem trabalhados, historia envolvente, trilha sonora e jogabilidade impecável fazem de Child of Light um jogo absolutamente fantástico.Agradeço a Ubisoft Montréal por tornar esse jogo um dos meus favoritos nos últimos tempos e por se importar com detalhes que as produtoras esqueceram ""Qualidade"".Apenas reforçando que a dublagem desse jogo em PT-BR ficou por conta da cantora / atriz / gatabagarai Luiza Caspary (também dublou a Ellie do Lastous) e ela da um show com sua voz tranquila e harmoniosa.Vale muito a pena!"
,Recommended,256290,28619327,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Klef McFarlin,good!
76561198068265848,Recommended,256290,33015459,Posted: 29 June,all,kurohakamui,"Beautiful Game.The graphic, music and story is so attractive.BUT THE UPLAY DESTROYED MY SAVE DATA WHEN I WAS ALMOST FINISHED THIS GAME.EPIC SUX!"
76561197999914689,Recommended,256290,14967836,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Mark Rushow,"Typically I don't have interest in command based games but this one shines above others. It isn't overly complex. This is one of the best and most well done games I've seen in a very very long time. Bravo. The art, music, story, world, mechanics, pacing, everything is all so compelling it is a must play."
76561198151126276,Recommended,256290,33091691,Posted: 1 July,all,KittyPrincess,Really good game  and the is Amazing. I find it it be addictive  and I would definitely recommend buying it.
,Recommended,256290,33070000,Posted: 30 June,all,Cheese Cake,"Pros:-Beautiful water-painted world-Incredibly diverse cast of characters-Deep yet intuitive turn-based strategy system-Astounding music; on par with Ori-Diverse enemies each with different elemental weaknesses-Nice progression in aquiring new party members-Choice of skills for each character with unique skill trees-Interesting storyCons:-lack of skill tree reset options, small con-Turn-based combat could become repetitive-lack of side quest directions9/10 Great game for anyone looking for a 2d turn-based rpg."
76561198038212549,Recommended,256290,33088198,Posted: 1 July,all,Jaemes,Such a good game. Wish they would expand it!
,Recommended,256290,33062717,Posted: 30 June,all,blOOd,"Amazing game. From the gorgeous graphics to the atmospheric soundtrack, this game surprised me in many ways. A must have for any turn based RPG lovers and a great introduction to the genre for newcomers. Even though it is fairly short (took me 15 hours to complete), it provides a lot of entertainment and a healthy challenge. Make sure you play it on expert difficulty though, otherwise the game will be painfully boring."
76561198154418482,Recommended,256290,33442145,Posted: 10 July,all,PKitten,good stuff
76561198023023915,Recommended,256290,33527015,Posted: 13 July,all,hagakuremoi,"An excellent game, beautiful graphics, nice story and good gameplay."
,Recommended,256290,33473102,Posted: 11 July,all,Galdoblame,"An Indie aaa masterpiece. I can't describe with word how beautifull the art is ,how great the story feel, and how fun the combat mecanic are. This little game is have a big heart, enough to light up your day."
76561198033524097,Not Recommended,256290,33907073,Posted: 30 July,all,K0rp0,"This game seemed enthralling at first, but over time the repetitive endless combat wore me down. Its visual style is laudable but its shortcomings made me not want to finish its story. Now that I write this review years later I remember none of the story, that's how memorable it was. Dialogue features no options, either. Under its child-like exterior this is a slog and a grind.(I guess it can't be helped but having to install another download service from Ubisoft to keep the game up-to-date and constantly having to deal with that thing's quirks didn't help my enjoyment either.)"
,Recommended,256290,20596780,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Deadaghram,"Claiming Uplay ruins this game is like saying your significant other farted and that’s why you got a divorce (unless your issue is Uplay won't let you even start the game because if your spuse is dead, go get remarried, at your own pace of course).Child of Light is comparable to classic RPG from the Playstation/2 era.  It's a bit different in that the main character isn't a brooding or hyperactive teen who grows into a god but a child just looking for her father’s love who may actually be the weakest character in the game - although, depending on playstyles and upgrade paths, this can be argued.  The Lady Aurora is a child of unknown age, but clearly very young, who falls into a coma-like/dies status at the start of the game.  While in that coma dream/afterlife she travels to the World of Lemuria where she does typical video game stuff: meet people, gain battle ready comrades, have some allies become enemies and enemies become allies, defeat monsters, do stuff with the sun and the mood, grow both emotional and physically, save a world or two.  Ya know, same old, same old.  While she's in Lemuria, though, her father, The Duke falls into severe depression leaving him unable to anything about the impending destruction by flood of his (land-locked) Austria.  Side note, Duke is a made-up title as Austria stopped calling its rulers Dukes in either 1365 or 1804 if you consider Archduke to be different from a normal Duke.  The more you know!The combat of Child of Light is classic turn-based with a timeline allowing for speed to be an important factor in how fast you go and cast spells/skills.  With speed, and a quick attack cast, you have the ability to interrupt an opponent (or get interrupted) out of an attack and spend them back to the beginning-ish of the timeline.  Each character has their own strengths and weakness and their own purpose in combat.  Wither that be to cast a certain elemental type or just to soak of damage.  Characters can be switched on the fly with only the cost of timeline resetting.The timeline is also how the game becomes ""multi-player"".  The second player controls a ball of light (Firefly) named Ignatius who has the ability to slow enemies.  He can also heal allies and restore MP using flower pollen (which may have an official name I don't recall).  Out of combat, Ignatius can light up the dark and that's all he can do.  Good luck having fun, Player 2.  If it's just single player you control both characters.New Skills are learned at level up and are used to customize each character.  Do you want a character to be physical or magical?  Learn a stronger single target spell or one that hits everyone?  Learn a Buff or a debuff?  Etc.Combat may be turn-based but exploration is platform-esq.  Unlike all other platform games, CoL has a flight mechanic that is active full time, whenever you call on it.  There are no limits on when or where (besides things being in your way) so it allows for hidden and hard to reach passageways and secrets.  Most of the things you're looking for are other characters (I almost missed Rubella - the first combat eligible ally) and confessions - which are diary and poems that either give backstory on the land of Lemuria or connect Lemuria to the real world somehow.  There's just as much upward to see than is side-to-side.The art style is stunning.  Not just the visually but audibly as well.  Visually, Child of Light is something out of a prodigy’s watercolor dream.  I say prodigy because watercoloring is something most people consider childish which works because of Aurora’s age.  There's a lot of duality, of sorts, in Child of Light, not sure how much is intentionally but it's there.  When it comes to dialogue, it's a poet’s heaven.  Everyone speaks in A-B-C-B rhyme (meaning the second and fourth sentences rhyme).  It can be a bit painful at times as characters struggle to fit the scheme but this is, somewhat rare, and overall, I thought it was marvelous.  I'd love to see more games do about different styles of speaking rather than boring spoken prose.The Music in Child of Light is nothing sort of a masterpiece.  Even if you don't like the game then at least give the music a listen once or twice.  It's largely (this very amateur music thinks is a) piano quartet with a few string instruments and a piano but there are also a few full orchestral tracks as well.  There's the occasional woodwind for good measure here and there as well.  Cœur de Pirate came out of nowhere (to me, at least) and she quickly became one of my favorite artists.  When it comes down to it, though, music is hard to describe through words, especially for those who aren't masters of the craft.  It's also very subjective so here's some official sources:iTunesSpotifySadly, though, the official OST doesn't contain all of the tracks.  As a matter of fact, some of the best stuff is only in the game itself.  Since no one is losing money off me posting it, here's the rest of the tracks:Gamerip on YoutubeThe only downside to Child of Light is it lacks much replay value for most players.  You can always change your battle tactics and focus on something else but the story is linear, with only one ending.  That's not a dealbreaker to a lot of people, especially if you're a part of the ""classic"" era of gaming, but if it is, then wait for it to go on sale to try to maximize gameplay/cost efficiency.If you're an artist of any style, you're going find plenty to love in Child of Light.  If you're a gamer of any style (outisde of those who only FPS multiplayers, perhaps), you're going to find plenty to love.  This is a game all about light vs dark (Aurora being light, both in the game and IRL, and story related dark references characters, good v evil, the epic of the game it's self v perceived Uplay).  Blaming Uplay for why you won't buy the game or bother giving it an actual review/play though is a poor excuse (unless you legitimately can't get it to work).  You have to log into your Microsoft account to use your PC, your Steam account for games, your bank account for banking, etc.  You’re the only one missing out by not playing this."
,Recommended,256290,34485619,Posted: 25 August,all,ひつ,"Fun game, immersive story, Overall a geat journey. Money was well spent on this game!"
76561198192131107,Recommended,256290,34029172,Posted: 4 August,all,Firewire,"Best game ever.This game altered the way I rate games. The gameplay, music, and writing all blend so well together. It is a masterpiece of a game. If you like turn based games, please buy this one. It will only encourage Ubisoft to make a sequel!Cheers!!"
76561198009722298,Recommended,256290,34746066,Posted: 4 September,all,Shrike,"Beautiful art, corny rhyme schemes, aimed at kids, but I as an adult found it charming."
76561198177723445,Recommended,256290,35067344,Posted: 19 September,all,nyoko38,"Really stunning game. Both visuals and music are beautiful and calming, combat is pretty good too. I love the fairy tale vibe of this game and how characters talk in rhymes <3 I just cant describe in words how much i love atmosfere of this game"
76561198254320896,Recommended,256290,34836040,Posted: 9 September,all,SMQueen,"I enjoy this game a lot !Nice story , soft relaxing bgmGreat game !"
,Recommended,256290,34814162,Posted: 8 September,all,J.@aleano05,"No doubt, this game is a masterpiece in nearly every aspect. Every single feature offered is carefully displayed in the game. Beautiful artwork, characters, scenarios, landscapes... Visually stunning gem. The soundtrack, at the same level.Even the dialogues are shown in an artistic perspective, since the game is a playable poem.The gameplay itself is fun, yet challenging if the hard difficult is set. Battle mechanics has an unique system, that change the traditional turn-based combat.The only bad point I have from my experience, is that the plot, even though it's wonderful and has it's twists, looks a bit ambiguous, like if some parts of the poem were cut off."
76561198131187102,Recommended,256290,34887001,Posted: 11 September,all,Paco Hernández,"I just finished this game, I absolutely liked it. The art and the music is really great. The story is not very long but it was entertaining."
76561197993210063,Recommended,256290,35119804,Posted: 21 September,all,Bishop,"If you want a game that'll have you thinking in rhyme,then this is the game to spend your time.The individual elements can be a bit thin,but as a whole I would call it a success. Win?"
76561198227362272,Recommended,256290,35134204,Posted: 22 September,all,Rae.Kitten,"Child of Light is one of the best games I've played so far. You play Aurora ( Yes it's a sleeping beauty twist), where as she sleeps she is teleported to a world of light that has been overrun by darkness. Your goal is to free the light from the darkness and make your way back home with the help of a firefly light. Later on in the game you find others join you as well on your journey as they seek to finish their own quest.What I like about this game:* Soothing and enjoyable music that sets the mood perefectly in the game* Art is enjoyable* Dialogue is cute, lots of rhymes to match storybook style* Gameplay is easy and enjoyableWhen first starting out I kept getting my jump confused - they have W as jump instead of spacebar, however you learn why this is as you progress and then W actually makes a lot of sense. (( I'll not spoil the game, find out for yourself if you haven't already!))The story is nice and I enjoy the fact that the main character is not 100% on her own the entire journey.Overall I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,256290,35138162,Posted: 22 September,all,TheKozmonaut,"I mostly play this game on the couch with my Nvidia Shield. I think it is a great relaxing experience for grinding/leveling up/exploring in short play sessions, but I also really like the rhyming dialogue and overall story arc...I have grinded so many oculi I could open up my own shop. 9.7569/10"
,Recommended,256290,35215337,Posted: 25 September,all,drAgoN33,"Everything about this game is beautiful. The music, story, art, and gameplay. Pretty sure I got it on sale, but I'd still pay $15 for this game. Its a fun, cute casual game."
76561198071905462,Recommended,256290,35383966,Posted: 1 October,all,Nihlathak,"An exquisite game.UBI soft, make more games like this plz."
76561198079425982,Recommended,256290,35383380,Posted: 1 October,all,JohnsGaming,"Excellent game, amazing backstory and characters. The only lame point, too easy to finish."
,Recommended,256290,35434544,Posted: 2 October,all,demon__33,Wow !
76561198007408164,Recommended,256290,35480271,Posted: 4 October,all,parrotd0x,"In short: beautiful and amazing game with small flaws.The biggest plusses are the master class art slyle, heartwarming music and lots of usable skills and companions. The inclusion of the light whisp is super cool!However, I didn't like some crucial things. The main story premise is nothing new and is also not served very well. Yet, the game could have made the player dive into it step by step while advancing (of all things the side story), but instead hecticly throws it around - you get too much of it, too fast.The 2nd thing is the actual combat: it's round based and works fairly well overall - if only some little obstacles were not around. Fully hit characters are interrupted in their attacks and have to pass on their current move, why is that? The combat mechanics with the light whisp also seem totally unnecessary and overloaded, which makes the fights turn into a mess of denying enemies, being interrupted, healing/reviving your buddies and maaaaaaaybe attacking one or two times.  It feels unsatisfying, I actually even tried to avoid smaller fights at some point. Less is more, isn't it?Also, why I'm bounded to install the god damned Uplay as well? Jesus..."
