user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198004419232,Not Recommended,256460,32852766,Posted: 27 June,all,Happiness Officer,"You might like if:You enjoy old-school turn-based RPG's and like Zeboyd Games' previous works for their depth of combat more so than the humourA valiant title with stellar combat, but not-so-hot everything in-between.Zeboyd Games have found a wonderful niche with their absurd humour; whether it's Cthulu being a hero or playful RPG nudges like potion descriptions reading ""Revives characters, unless they died in a cut scene"". But in taking a step back from ribbing RPG's to create a semi-serious one of their own; there is little left to fill the void the humour has left.The combat is easily the game's best point (and possibly the most sophisticated of all their titles) - so if that's your main draw, this one is a must-have! It's incredibly well thought out and designed to detract as far away as possible from the ""mash 'Attack' command"" of ye olde days. It's a curious combination: You gain damage modifiers (known as 'style') from using different attacks, many of which are one-use before you need to spend a turn recharging them all, and every few turns you hit 'hyper' mode which confers double-damage. Whilst these mechanics might strike you as bizarre (if inorganic), what it creates is an incredible strategic depth: Requiring a pleasantly surprising amount of forward planning and adapting-on-the-fly. You have to set the stage for killer combos whilst leaving enough room for triage and damage control, so as not to paint yourself into a corner with 0 moves and everyone on low HP... the worst time to be forced onto the defensive. Oh to loudly curse and praise a game at the same time. It's aggressive and fast-paced, yet gives you enough breathing room to think - a winning combo in any turn-based title.Even early on it's very elaborate... And where you're fully healed between combats, this means that most fights can come down to the wire, not just bosses. And bear in mind each character can have up to 8 movesequippeddown the line (not including extra abilities conferred by their equipment), with 11 or so unique characters overall. So very much an oversized blimp of content to be had.My gripe, however, is everything else. Where it's no longer an affectionate, yet silly, parody; the absurdity is gone. But nothing else rises to take its place, effectively leaving it one pizza-loving character away from a Saturday morning kids TV show: Playful and inoffensive, but equally rather flat and bog-standard. Kim Possible, it grudgingly ain't. Not an issue by itself, but I found the combat to be rather sparse. Considering its strength, it was unusual to be sprinting around winding paths only to have 1-2 encounters per screen, if that, to the point that I found myselfcravingrandom encounters to break things up a bit. Very unusual where combat is easily the wholesome champion of the game but, for me, a bit too underutilised to be able to carry the game on its own. With double the encounters, I'd be all over this game in a heartbeat.So not a bad title by any means, but equally nothing outstanding either, and certainly not a rival to the previous titles; a shame considering the brilliantly-designed combat system. It's ultimately great fights padded out with way too much fluffy downtime."
,Recommended,256460,31190893,Posted: 16 April,all,Polly,"REVIEW: Cosmic Star Heroine is Zeboyd Games jumping full force into a project well beyond the scope of anything they've released prior.  More characters, more storyline, a startling jump in graphical and audio quality, and taking a stab at a more seriously toned narrative.  CSH's presentation is that of a later-release SNES/Genesis game on steroids, and there's enough unique assets and environments to look at that things never get old.  Oh, and the animated cutscenes are pretty rad.The game largely succeeds with most of what it sets out to accomplish, featuring a robust and more strategic take on the JRPG battle systems of old that forces you to indulge in the variety of skills each character possesses in order to succeed  Skills are almost all single-use, and the only way to get them back is to spend a turn defending/recharging, so there's no way you're gonna be hammering an auto-attack button to mash your way through.  You'll always want to be planning two or three turns ahead to know when you'll be having a character recharge while others continue their assault and supporting one another.  The toughest encounters in the game, normal mobs and bosses alike, may require two or more retries until you can find a skillset or combination of characters that works for you, but all characters feel balanced enough that you won't always HAVE to have the most overpowered characters or skills at your disposal.  All-in-all, it's Zeboyd's most engaging combat system, and I hope to see it expanded on in future titles.At its best, CSH's difficulty curve (played on Heroine) and overall balance feels very on par with many of Falcom's titles where you're going to be working to eke out each victory, though a level or two might make you sweat a little less.Where CSH falls short unfortunately is its storyline, which feels like it's the unfortunate victim of the devs wanting to focus on a briskly paced/save anywhere/never wasting your time ideal.  The game's story kind of just whooshes by without much fanfare and is mostly people barking at you and telling you where to go next. There's never really any time to connect with the characters beyond what's happening at the moment, and given how well-written some of Zeboyd's previous work has been (On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness 3 comes to mind), it's really unfortunate that CSH's characters and story never really get much of a chance to shine.That said, I had a good time with  Cosmic Star Heroine. It's the engaging combat, excellent soundtrack, fun character designs, and gorgeous visuals that kept bringing me back even if the story really fails to deliver."
,Recommended,256460,33981096,Posted: 2 August,all,atro city,"If you enjoy solid old-school JRPG gameplay then this one is a must-play. The battle system is a new spin on the classic formula and keeps combat exciting throughout. Easily kept me hooked for the 20-hour playthrough. You can tell there was a lot of care and attention that went to designing the combat in Cosmic Star Heroine, and that resulted in a system that goes toe-to-toe with classics like Chrono Trigger, and is arguably even more engaging and rewarding.The ability to save anywhere and change the difficulty at any time is also a big plus, along with all characters gaining 100% EXP to encourage swapping, everyone being healed at the end of battle, rechargeable items that you can actually use without feeling like you need to hoard them, and a lot of quality-of-life improvements over other JRPGs.However, if not having an amazing story is a dealbreaker for you, you might want to give Cosmic Star Heroine a pass. Like with other Zeboyd games, while the world and setting are interesting, there isn't very much dialog or exposition compared to other JRPGs so you likely won't get invested in the characters or the story.Edit: Also worth mentioning that the highest difficulty ""Super Spy"" is much harder than the other difficulties and is designed to be played on your second playthrough if you're looking for a tough challenge. This gives Cosmic Star Heroine replay value as this difficulty will test even those who have mastery of the game mechanics."
76561198088942892,Not Recommended,256460,34651560,Posted: 31 August,all,maoumcdugan,"It was fun while it lasted.This game is a tribute to the 16 bit jrpgs all us old people loved. and theres a lot to love here, but the problem is that its all very superficial and shallow.  Combat is lengthy and challenging, but once you figure out what works for you, you can spend as much time on boss fights as you do on regular battles. Especially in the later half of the game when the super hard hidden bosses  can be ""solved"" in a couple rotations.There are TONs of characters, and while the designs are excellent and cool, theres not much to them. they have no particular stories to them or any depth outside of their design and combat style.  take our heroine for example. ""she is female, she has most of the best attacks, she's always in your party, she does whatever the plot needs to get to the next objective."" there are no arcs, no terrible secrets, no revelations or any chances for the characters to bond. they're all just pretty sci-fi jrpg style characters and that is all.The worlds and settings are visually appealing if underdeveloped.  same could be said about the enemies. in spite of it all the music is excellent and does more for the mood and character of the game than any of the other stuff.but the most important part of any jrpg(im always told) is the story.  There are MOMENTS of intrigue and interesting stuff, but its as shallow and meaningless as the characters, the style, the game itself.  by the end you feel cheated by the lack of anything memorable.Technically the game works. theres the occaisional graphical glitch, and npc dialogue barely updates, theres little point in backtracking or talking to people as they RARELY say anything new.  theres no option to reconfigure the keys and development seems to have stalled for the time being. so keep the date of this review in mind, they could have fixed it all at any point.Its a neat game, and very cool to look at, but nothing to hold your interest. it will remind you of older, better games, but it wont be able to go the distance.  Get it when it goes on sale and play til you're bored, or finished. cause there not much here to get excited about."
,Recommended,256460,31088681,Posted: 11 April,all,captor,"After half an hour, I could tell I was already hooked.  The gameplay is very remniscent of Chrono Trigger, setting like Phantasy Star, and the music is excellent.  It's been consistently amusing and fun so far.  There are some minor bugs in the release build which I've reported to Zeboyd, but they don't detract from the game in any meaningful wayNostalgia hoooo."
,Not Recommended,256460,31200254,Posted: 17 April,all,Tauman,"I am a big fan of all previous Zeboyd games, so I snagged this one on release.Game looks, sounds, and plays quite well. The combat and story are both interesting. Animated cutscenes are charming in their deliberately limited style. Lots of nods to previous Zeboyd games and references to others (Chrono Trigger especially), but they aren't in-your-face wacky HA-HA LOOKIT MY REFERENTIAL HUMOR. It is classy enough.Unfortunately, as of this review the game is riddled with bugs. I've seen idle sprites overlaying walking animations, battles in which the UI fails to reappear following an enemy turn (gotta force-quit the game and start from your last save), and I even found an NPCs whose dialog was ""placeholder"". Disappointing.There is a lot to like here. Expect this to change to a positive review once the game is patched, but for now I recommend others to hold off on purchasing Cosmic Star Heroine. In the meantime check out Cthulhu Saves The World!"
,Recommended,256460,31127262,Posted: 13 April,all,Ruken,"Cosmic Star Heroine feels like how I always wanted JRPGs to feel like.Where I'm coming from: Male, Age 29. Favorite relatable games: FFVI, VII, VIII, Deus ExThe pacing is snappy, but doesn't skimp on exposition. We've seen similar stories before, but it's really about the presentation. The characters are endearing and unique, and each one fills a nice little niche in the cyber punk dystopia they inhabit.  There's a good amount of cutscenes that have a nice hand drawn quality to them. The art style didn't take long to grow on me.It's very respectful of your time, not grindy. Game Over? Just press X and you're instantly back at the beginning of the battle. There's no pointless random encounters for miniscule amounts of XP; each battle is a chance to try out different strategies. Personally I died a lot until I started to respect the attention the battle system demanded. Oh... and you can save anywhere.You start with full HP with all abilities refreshed at the beginning of every battle. If I'd known about this before playing, I'd probably hate the idea on paper, but really it workes well and serves to put the focus on the strategy of how and when you use your abilites. So far, no character fills the singular, sterotypical roll of healer, tank, DPS, etc....It's more about playing the long game - am I going to have Chahn use the abilites that set her up to unleash massive damage on all targets two turns from now, or do I leave that to someone else and play defensive, having her use shields and heals?I'd also like to mention that I haven't encounted any of the bugs listed in other reviews in my 2.5 hours of playing. You have to relaunch after setting a new resolution, but I don't think that's a bug."
,Recommended,256460,31089759,Posted: 11 April,all,Ryan,"After playing for quite a few hours I am impressed with the amount of characters and the quality of presentation. The music is good, everything in this game is above average and in some cases excellent. I had really high expectations for this game and so far it has mostly delivered, I'm curious if the worlds open up more as of right now things feel quite linear. I'll update this review when I beat the game but if someone were to ask me to buy this game I would say if you like old school RPGs, definitely. I have some minor qualms but nothing that ruins the experience for me, more just how it stacks up to the games I grew up playing as a kid but maybe nostalgia makes me biased, and again my expectations were pretty high. More than worth the money. I understand this review is pretty vague but I don't want to spoil too much.  I have played a lot of RPGs and this is definitely up there with some of the best and for an indie developer, it's probably the best effort I have seen so far. Keeping in mind I have played all the greats...Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy series, Lunar, Grandia, Breath Of Fire, etc. etc."
,Recommended,256460,31087736,Posted: 11 April,all,Mogri,"Zeboyd did a great job with Cthulhu Saves the World and the Penny Arcade games.Cosmic Star Heroine blows their other games out of the water.The animation and attention to detail are amazing, the cutscenes are evocative of 16-bit greats without being beholden to their limitations, and the battle system has the challenge and nuance that we've been led to expect from Zeboyd. If you liked their other games, you need this one. If you didn't, you still owe it to yourself to check this one out."
76561198019272782,Recommended,256460,32025367,Posted: 28 May,all,ctb,"A fun, briskly paced RPG that respects your time. The story gets moving right away, so there's no need to wait several hours for the real action to start, and the story consistently moves at an enjoyable pace without rushing or diluting itself with unnecessary filler content. I finished the game in about 23 hours of game play. I found the characters and the story to be enjoyable, falling in love with several of them right away, and I found the combat to be engaging, but not overwhelming."
,Recommended,256460,31127887,Posted: 13 April,all,WolverineJon,"Pros:- Even non-boss combats are interesting! Since the party is always fully healed at the beginning of every battle, any battle can be tuned to be very challenging -- and they often are!- Interesting combat system that rewards planning ahead a turn or two.- The plot doesn't waste any time having interesting stuff happen.- Combat is quick and snappy -- no excessively long animations.- Works great with an Xbox 360 gamepad.- When you pick up a new piece of gear, the game briefly explains what it's good for -- no need to dig into the menu to look that up.- Great soundtrack.Cons:- Controls can't be remapped (but the developer has said this will be addressed in a patch.)- D-pad input from my non-Xbox-360 gamepad (a Pokken Tournament USB controller, which generally works great with PC games) isn't interpreted correctly.  (Hopefully this will be patched.)- A few other rough edges that I expect will be patched.Recommended!"
,Recommended,256460,31170665,Posted: 15 April,all,BloodyPork,"Honestly I don't like retro games, 16-bit RPG and the like. But I like this game. Battles feel enjoyable and strategic, they don't feel repetitive or grindy. Also grinding is not mandatory, without grinding I can breeze through Heroine (Hard) level.IMHO this game probably has the most fun combat mechanics out of all JRPGs on Steam. There's alot of customization you can have (with multiple party choices, ability choices, equipment choices, and item choices). The item mechanic is great, you have a lot of items but you can only bring some to battles, and they have infinite use (but can only be used once per battle unless you couple it with skill). This is a good thing.. how many times do you play an RPG where you rarely use ""elixirs"" because you were saving it and ended up with stockpiles of them, only to use a few on the final boss?"
76561198015172420,Recommended,256460,31451619,Posted: 29 April,all,artofwar,"Solid Chrono Trigger style RPG.  Not truly amazing, but thoroughly enjoyable if you're into this kind of thing.Super-Spy difficulty is a legit challenge with interesting mechanics, though I feel the difficulty is rather uneven (i.e., certain areas have unexpected difficulty spikes while other areas are rather easy).Some of the negative reviews point out that the game was buggy on release, which is true.  But I was still able to play and enjoy the game even in its release state, and the developers have seemingly fixed most of the major bugs since then."
76561198081322398,Recommended,256460,31167373,Posted: 15 April,all,RickL,"Highly recommended for anyone who wants an old-school 90's JRPG but with today's modern game design sensitivies.Story is cool (mix between FFVI, Chrono Trigger and Phantasy Star). You can save anywhere. Battle system is very, very fun (playing on the Heroine difficulty right now and it's perfect). No grinding required! You just play through it and each fight is a fun, strategic encounter."
,Recommended,256460,33144051,Posted: 2 July,all,Jack Meta,"TL;DR- If you like cyberpunk settings or unique JRPGs, youabsolutelyneed to try this. Play on the third difficulty (the equivalent of hard mode, I think) for the perfect balance of challenging yet satisfying combat.EDIT- I'm a little over halfway through the game now, and I'd like to make two crucial updates. I lauded the combat system as balanced and difficult if you played on the 3rd difficulty, but I'd like to say now that characters are nearing the end-game, battles are far less threatening and they've turned more into endurance competitions. Enemies have outrageous amounts of health and their damage does not increase proportionally (well, maybe it does, but your HP pools are larger and you have far more healing options later in the game, so survivability is pretty easy, even on hard mode). I'm not saying this is particularly bad, but it DOES feel like the balance toward the end of the game sort of loses itself. I find myself getting bored in battles because they take so damn long (luckily, there aren't recurring battles unless you choose specifically to grind from the menu). Boss battles are still fun, but normal battles feel like a chore. Secondly, the last half of the game seems to just be making massive jumps in the plot, making it more and more about the individual scenes and predicaments than the overall story. The first part of the game is paced far better. Again, this doesn't ruin a lot, but it does detract a little. If my overall score would have been around a 9/10 before, I'd give this about a 7.5 or 8 now. It's still very good, but (as with a lot of RPGs [Dying Light, anyone?]) the end-game balance doesn't hold up as well as the beginning. Still enjoying it overall, but it feels less flawless than the first 5-7hrs did.Original ReviewI missed purchasing this back on PS4 when it originally released, thinking it looked pretty slick but heard about some launch issues. Decided to finally go out on a limb with what limited spending pool I had for the summer sales. I have to say, I am 110% impressed and thrilled with my decision.I'm a bit tired of the retro RPG style, but provided that the games have good/fun writing, interesting/fun characters, and deep/fun combat (if you'll notice, I really just want to enjoy my trip, even if it isn't a profound one), I will make an exception for just about anything. I was pleasantly surprised with this game. I purchased it on the pretense that it looked cyberpunk-esque and the art direction was pretty dope, despite being mostly pixels. I can say that the combat system blew me away with how deep the strategy was, and they don't bother wasting your time before you're neck deep in JRPG strategy goodness.After I discovered the Shin Megami Tensei JRPG series (mostly on PS2 and 3DS, totally worth your time [go pick up all of them on the PS3 PSN right now!]), it's been hard for me to really enjoy turn-based RPGs anymore, as SMT has an incredibly deep, challenging, and rewarding combat system. It's made it very difficult for me to enjoy turn-based RPGs that don't provide me a good challenge balance. For those not familiar, SMT is almost like the Dark Souls of turn-based games, with one caveat: if you abuse the strategic mechanics you're given, you can go toe to toe with the strongest enemies. It's all about exploiting enemy weaknesses, planning multiple turns ahead to maximize damage, and rarely ever comes down to just mashing your button through turns. Cosmic Star Heroin emulates this style perfectly.As soon as I started the game, I immediately began on hard mode (I think it's called Cosmic Star difficulty maybe? It's the third of 4 difficulties; the fourth was recommended for NG+), assuming that easy and normal would be too much of a cakewalk. I can say now, after having played a fair amount of the game, that this 3rd difficulty option is PERFECT for people who want a challenge, but not bone-crushing difficulty. It's balanced so nicely that you are punished for not using every tool at your disposal, but if you DO take advantage of your abilities and the battle mechanics, then you are rewarded with a tough (but not TOO tough) and rewarding adventure.Speaking of the story and characters, they are good fun. Nothing particularly too deep, but after the first mission, you dive headlong into a conspiracy story that is very fun to be along for the ride. The game oozes with flair and style (one particular club band performance scene sticks out as incredible awesome and badass, not only for the music, but in how it furthers the action during the performance). There's lots of customization to be had here. Nothing incredibly deep, mostly involving what items each of your characters have equipped (which changes which sub-abilities they can use in battle).For the price, you absolutely cannot go wrong if you're a fan of a.) cyberpunk/dystopian settings and/or b.) challenging turn-based RPGs with unique mechanics (I highly recommend you try playing on hard first, and lower the difficulty if you just don't like planning your turns too far ahead).I play just about every new (J)RPG I can get my hands on; I'm a huge RPG junkie, especially turn-based ones with heavy Japanese influence. This one has quickly become of my favorites in recent years. I really, really hope they'd consider making a series out of this game, though I don't know if they will, since they haven't bothered serializing anything else they've done yet. Maybe we'll get lucky with this one; I'd LOVE to see more adventures from the lovable cast of Cosmic Star Heroine."
,Recommended,256460,31093162,Posted: 12 April,all,Meat Machine,"Equal measures of the best elements of each:-Chrono Trigger-Final Fantasy 6-Phantasy Star-Cthulhu Saves the WorldFor being the first Zeboyd Games release that has a storyline that isn't entirely absurd, it's executed quite well. Innovative twists on old-school turn-based combat mechanics, plenty of easter eggs and metahumor, and great progression and customization systems that any decent RPG needs."
76561198012714746,Recommended,256460,33706015,Posted: 21 July,all,Overlord Byron,"The story is cookie cutter, the pacing overly rushed, and the core cast bland both in design and personality. If you can get past that, the sprite art is excellent, the cyberpunk atmosphere is engaging, and the combat system is among the most inventive and engaging of any single player RPG released in the last decade. CSH's primary flaw is that it's merely ""good"" when it could have been ""great."""
76561198122357055,Recommended,256460,35141140,Posted: 22 September,all,thecupcakes,"Definitely worth your time, if even just to experience the battle system.Pros:++ Battle system - by far one of the most creative and engaging turn-based systems I've seen in a while.+ Spritework - from characters and animations to backgrounds, each sprite is lovingly rendered in amazing detail.+ Characters - the character roster screams 'cool' and each character is unique (if somewhat underdeveloped)Cons:- Story - as others have mentioned, the story is probably the biggest area of improvement.  It's workmanlike in that it moves you along, but doesn't get you invested.- Endgame - With such an interesting setting and characters, this game screams for more opportunities for end-game exploration/backtracking or a new game+.I can't add much more than other reviews have described, but I definitely wanted to give a recommendation in support of the amazing effort put together by a small dev team!  I'm looking forward to their future endeavours!"
,Recommended,256460,31109353,Posted: 12 April,all,Traductus,"FYI: I'm not an expert on the Phantasy Star series, nor do I have much experience with the 90's RPG's(except Final Fantasies, and some older Enix RPG's like Terranigma, etc.). Also I've only played this game for 5hrs, so far (and I'm hooked!)I totally love the art-style of this game. It looks really nice. The cutscenes may look a little different, though but they still look nice and do a nice job adding to the athmosphere.The next thing I really like is the soundtrack! It has some guitar influences and it also adds to the mood quite good. I hope that I'll be able to buy the soundtrack!The game itself basically seems kinda straight forward. At least the first 5-6 hours are.You're running/walking around and go through battle after battle and read lots of story related stuffs (mostly conversations). The map design so far isn't confusing, meaning you won't get lost that easily. Still you'll be able to find hidden Stuff. Also you sometimes get to do some small ""quests"" which offer a reward (either credits or equipment).So far I haven't seen a ""real"" world map, only a city map which resembles to be a world map, therefore you won't be able to stray off too far. Given the fact that this games main feature is the story line, that's fine.The battles are turn based and require you to use your skills in a sensible way. Especially at the beginning (Hard difficulty) you get into real trouble, if you mess around too much. After a while it gets easier, though (new party members, new skills, etc.) To successfully win the battles you have to think ahead, when you will use the different skills, because most of them can't be spammed. Most skills are ""depleted"" after one use but if you take a defensive stance for one turn, you'll get to use them, again.One thing that wasn't clear for me at the beginning was the item-system. Usually in rpg's most items deplete if you use them but in this game, you can use once per battle. They won't be lost after using them. But to emphasize the tactical part of the game, you're forced to choose which items you'll be using in battle, meaning at the beginning of the game you may only equip 3 items. Between the battle, though, you may choose your loadout as you will.Later on you'll be able to add more than 3 items to your loadout.Also you'll be able to choose your party members, once you've progressed far enough through the story (haven't been able to do so, yet but there's a menu for that).The characters are quite charming and offer a great variety of different skills (which btw. you can choose up to 6 for your current loadout per character)About Bugs:I've encountered only 2 bugs so far:- I've got stuck once in a particular spot (Interior of a base)- One boss summons minions which grab and shackle characters. Sometimes a second minion grabbed a already grabbed character, which lead to odd behavior if the first minion was killed.Haven't been able to to determine other bugs but the developers already have rolled out patches, already, so I wouldn't worry too much about bugs ;)So far I can recommend this game. It's fun to play and the story is interesting.Once I've played this game long enough, I might edit this review.EDIT:A few more bugs occured:-Once the game kinda froze in the middle of a battle. Had to reload a savegame.-More map errors, luckily nothing too serious, since you can save the game and the reload it.So far it seems like the developer is actively fixing bugs and is present in the steam forums.04.16.2017: PLEASE READ:Although there are relatively few bugs in the first few hours, they grow in numbers later on.If you don't want to play with bugs, you probably should wait a few weeks before purchasing the game.If you can live with some bugs (most of them can be ""fixed"" by reloading a save game) you can give this game a try.Despite the bugs I'm having a blast with this game and the dev is and has been working on patches."
76561198064015060,Recommended,256460,31090272,Posted: 11 April,all,wltrwhte,"Absolutely gorgeous retro rpg. The cross between phantasy star and chrono trigger is immediately apparent. If you have a nostalgic love for nineties square rpgs, this game is definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,256460,31156886,Posted: 15 April,all,GhostkingG1,"I've been a fan of Zeboyd Games since playing Cthulhu Saves the World/Breath of Death VII; their games are inspired by RPGs of old, with the idea of removing a lot of the extra fluff and problems that make the genre notoriously cumbersome, slow and at times, daunting. As such, I have been eagerly awaiting Cosmic Star Heroine since I first heard of it. Retro-JRPG-inspired Indie titles are a dime a dozen, so it becomes a real challenge to find one that stands out. And having played Cosmic Star Heroine, I can say that, for the most part, this game absolutely delivers.Here are my pros and cons of this game as I see it. Note that this is from a playthrough on the Heroine difficulty.Pros:+This game has a superb soundtrack, with numerous memorable and catchy tracks of many different genres, many of which stand out yet never feel out of place. After getting the battle theme stuck in my head, I immediately went to look for where to download the OST, and eagerly await when it goes up live on Steam (and recommend it). Fantastic use of music.+The Battle system is very much distinct and one of the most engaging I've ever played with. As someone who has done speedruns of existing Zeboyd RPGs, one thing I very much enjoy in RPGs is experimenting with combinations and trying to find ways of tinkering with and optimizing combat. In this game, combat is seldom ""Just unload your most powerful techniques and win""; each battle feels as though I have to strategize and adapt, which is very hard to do in an engaging way but is pulled off well here. Combat is less about power and more about timing your actions, where turns in which you are doing damage are only somewhat more important than non-damage turns, having contingency plans for when things go south, and (in my experience) finding synergy between party members with their various equipment skills, abilities, and items. Figuring out winning combitions is very satisfying. Likewise, I much enjoy the removal of disposable items and MP in favor of not having the player fear regretting a decision.+The pacing of CSH is pretty solid. Rather than being full of needlessly long and dramatic cutscenes, drawn out animations and slow sequences, nothing in this game ever drags out. It's conservative enough that it gets its point across in a way that's visually appealing and satisfying, yet quick enough that it doesn't become tiring.+Speaking of visual appeal, this game is very nice to look at. Much of the scenery in this game ranges from beautiful and lush, to mechanical and dark, making each scenario distinct and a treat to the eyes. The spritework is clean and the pixel art is superb and quite pretty. And the animated cutscenes are lovingly crafted and a blast from the past. This game knows what it is trying to present and does it impeccably.+No random encounters, and many encounters are skippable (though it leaves you underleveled if you aren't careful). I always find this to be a plus.+The writing among NPCs and character exchanges are goofy and amusing. I found myself talking to more NPCs than I do in 99% of RPGs just to see what random things some of them say. If there's one thing I enjoy about Zeboyd Games works, its that they have a touch of humor sorely lacking from the RPG medium. While some jokes or lines fall flat, the majority of them are somewhere between mildly amusing and actually pretty funny.+The heroine difficulty is just right. Here and there are some fights which I really had to think about how to go about winning, some of which walled me a good while. The game is also quite forgiving, allowing you to retry battles and save anywhere, and even with understanding of the combat system I made enough mistakes to be punished for them without it feeling unfair.+There are numerous unique and enjoyable mechanics to this game. For instance, having characters be able to go below 0 HP and either do a desperation move or get one chance to heal (a reduced amount of HP) is a nice touch and even plays into strategy as some characters and abilities utilize this risky mechanics. Status effects work on bosses (THANK YOU!), but seldom in a way that makes a boss truly ""easy"", and those play into strategy as well. I've never had a game where I actually found a use for an ability like ""make bosses weaker to this element"" until this one.+The menus are very intuitive and easy to follow, a trait which a surprising amount of games get wrong.Cons:-There are still a few glitches, though thankfully many of them have been patched out since the inital writing of this review.-The game lacks much in the way of exploration. I know it's a limited game, but it ends up being a bit linear for a game advertised as ""explore three planets!"" Now I've yet to get to any bonus content and whatnot, but it's a fairly small game. It's also on the shorter side, around 15 hours, but considering both the price point and the fact that those are 15 pretty solid hours, I'm not too shaken up over its length.-The game could use a manual. The stats in this game include things like ""Cunning"" and ""Hackitude"", which aren't self-explanatory and if you miss early game tutorials on how these work (or forget), there are no readily available resources for teaching you how some of these mechanics work and it can be confusing. In the coming days I'm sure there will be community guides and the like, but I think having a built in glossary or library which explains terms would benefit the playerbase considerably.-The script itself is very enjoyable but I can't say too much about the rest. While the story is passable for ""interesting enough to keep the player invested"", the characters have minimal focus or depth, and the main character (Alyssa) is not a very deep or interesting character herself. This is more of an RPG you play for what the characters have to say in dialogue exchanges (and for the gameplay) moreso than who the characters are or how they develop. So if you're more into character-driven narratives or deep, thought provoking storylines, this might not be the RPG for you.-The character portraits are the weakest part of the game visually. Most of them are all right, and they're far and away an improvement from BoD/CStW, but a few faces are a bit...off-putting. Not to uncanny valley levels, but they could still be better.Inevitably, CSH is going to get comparison to its inspirations. It resembles a pastiche of Chrono Trigger and Phantasy Star, so it certainly is not the most original game. But to dismiss it as simply ""trying to be those games"" is not a wholly accurate judgment because it plays functionally quite different from both of them. There are a lot of design choices that clearly come from someone who has a lot of experience playing games in this genres, knowing many dos and donts and player frustrations, and then built a game around what they wanted to see in an RPG. And for the most part, this game definitely succeeds. The 13 or so hours I've played of this game so far are 13 of the most consistently fun hours I've had playing an RPG in ages.And hey, there's a difference between being unoriginal and being uninspired. And this is certainly not an uninspired game. What it lacks in overall originality, it makes up for in execution by being fun to play."
76561198019366848,Recommended,256460,31201171,Posted: 17 April,all,Ord är svåra,"I seldomly put up reviews but sometimes I feel it to be needed. Cosmic Star Heroine is one such case. I had no idea it was coming out so i was surprised when I looked in release lists and it had come out on the exact day I was looked. I instantly bought it because I liked Cthulu saves the world and was mostly curious. I have now finished the game and I can wholeheartedly say that I like every single aspect of this game, I would be hard pressed to mention something I truly disliked.The characters are amazing and all of the feel pretty´much unique and quirky. They are designed incredibly well, I felt myself being amazed at the visuals at almost every turn, from the cook slightly animated scenes to the sheer coolness of the normal sprites, everything just felt great.The combat is a pretty regular turn based system but with the hyper mechanic and loads of differenct characters and abilities to choose from, it never felt as if it stagnated, I was always changing stuff up and shifting characters.It never felt as if the game dwelled too long in certain areas, I can admit I got confused as what to do in certain places, but that fixed itself by just talking to random people.At first I was confused about the story, then it took off and while I kind of knew where it was all leading, I still felt encouraged to know more because everything else just pulled it so hard.I did hear people have experienced a lot of bugs, I didn't experience one, but I felt like I had to point it out.Zeboyd Games have shown me that they can create something really cool three times now and I am eagerly awaiting what else lies in store for the future.Cosmic Star Heroine gets a huge recommendation for me, one of my favourites of 2017 so far, if not THE favourite. If you are even the least bit interested, try it."
,Recommended,256460,31283864,Posted: 21 April,all,Dibby,"CSH is a really cool sci-fi/SPACE ADVENTURES IN SPACE JRPG. Which in itself is already pretty rad, considering fantasy seems to be standard fare for most JRPGs.Anyway, it takes a lot of influence from games like Chrono Trigger. It's got a turn-based combat system, but with its own unique spin on it. There's the Style and Hyper mechanics; Style goes up as you use abilities and increases your damage the more you have of it, and Hyper is a gauge that builds up and gives you a huge damage buff when it's full.But perhaps more notably is the way abilities work. There's no MP or Mana or anything. Instead, you use an ability, and then it gets disabled (unless it's marked as Reusable). In order to reuse your abilities, you have to defend, which refreshes all disabled abilities. This is really cool, because it actually incentivizes defending. All in all, you're basically saving your biggest hit for your Hyper turn, and making sure you plan out the turns that lead up to that accordingly.The characters are all pretty likable and well written (well, except for a few that were kinda meh). There's humorous, snappy dialogue. The story is pretty simple (Bad Guy's doing the Bad Thing! Go stop them!), but well executed nonetheless.There's four difficulty options, I played through on Heroine (equates to ""Hard"", I suppose). It felt pretty challenging without being overly punishing, which is what I expected. Kept me on my toes. The game did start to get kinda easy towards the end, but maybe that was because of the the party/ability loadout I was using. Hard to say! There's also the Super Spy difficulty, which I guess you could equate to ""Insane"". I didn't touch this one, but if you're really seeking something REALLY hard, give it a shot. Also, you can change the difficulty settings at any time in the menu.CSH lets you save the game anywhere, which is super nice. It's a game that really respects your time, in that sense. The pacing is also pretty good, there's never really a moment of downtime or anything, it just keeps moving forward. My final clock-in time was about 17 hours, but I'd estimate 15 hours on average.Also the music is nothing short of fantastic. It's SOOO good.ANYWAY, CSH is a nice lil' indie JRPG that is certainly worth your time and money. It's not the Second Coming of Chrono Jesus like some people would have you believe, but it's definitely a good game regardless. Buy it!"
76561197994245674,Recommended,256460,31095981,Posted: 12 April,all,BloodHawk,"As someone who doesn't play a lot of JRPG style games I was a little hesitant to pick this one up (I only have a handful in my library and most of them I have never played).  So far I have only completed the first 2 chapters I am very glad I bought this.As some of the other reviews point out, the flow of the combat and the pacing of the story so far is a little on the quick side, which really appeals to ""non-jrpg'ers"" like me who don't want a long drawn out snail-paced story which requires endless backtracking and grinding.The difficulty level can be adjusted mid-game so that also helps as well.  I left it on default (the 2nd easiest setting) and it feels right for me, it makes it just hard enough so I have to strategize a little in larger fights.I am definitely looking forward to playing the rest of this.*UPDATE* - After completing the story I can definitely say that this is my favorite game this year (so far).The abiity to save anywhere was a really big plus for me, as I rarely had a big enough block of time to sit for a couple hours.  Also, as I previously mentioned above, the adjustable difficulty on the fly is nice as well.  I ended up increasing the difficulty to the 2nd hardest (Heroine) after I got the hang of things around Chapter 4 or 5 and it felt right. It wasn't overwhelmingly hard but I still died a few times against some of the bosses.The story isn't award winning but I felt it was well written and structured in a way so that new characters joining your party didn't feel forced or unbelievable.  It also kept up the pace that is starts with, which can be good or bad depending how you look at it.  I myself loved it as it kept me interested and I didn't want some long dragged out story with multiple branches that don't move the plot forward at all.  The downside to the fast paced story is that there really wasn't enough time for character development, so it's hard to get attached to any of them.I read a lot of other reviews pointing out a lot of bugs, but I didn't notice any through my whole playthrough (and I started playing the day after it was released, before some of the patches).  I am not saying that bugs weren't there, as obviously there were due to the need of those patches, but I must have gotten lucky.  Also, with one of the latest patches adding achievements I was a little disappointed that none of my previous accomplishments were counted, including defeating the ""mystery boss"" next to the mines.  Which took me quite a few tries even above level 40.Overall... Awesome game!  If you were a fan back in the day of the old JRPG's and are looking for something that can be played in your spare time here and there this is definitely it."
,Recommended,256460,31120449,Posted: 13 April,all,Keblin,"Played for just over 1 hour and already love it. It has me as soon as I heard it was retro and like Phantasy Star / Chrono Trigger. I just had to buy it and see for myself and I love everything about it. 2017 really is the return of the JRPG's!One thing I especially love so far is the customisation and combat. It feels nice and is fun, something very interesting is the negative HP thing, I've not really seen this done before and it works really well. You don't just die straight away you have a chance to live while you fight with negative HP and you can recover from this but you must do it before your turn end of that character does die.Onto the text and story - seems good so far but obviously too early to tell how good it will be but the general chat amongst party members themselves is good and quite often funny. I've already laughed out loud several times in my first 1 hour of play time. It's a nice refreshing game to play and I haven't felt like this in a game in a long time. This and Persona 5, what a year for JRPG lovers and I can only look forward to more."
76561198054900439,Recommended,256460,31110103,Posted: 12 April,all,cranky_messiah,"I'm already in love with this game after a mere 90 minutes.I'm a huge fan of old-school 16 bit-era JRPG's, and i've played damn near every recent homage/throwback/retro version of 16-bit JRPG's that has come out over the past few years. Unfortunately, very few of them actually come close to capturing the same feeling that games like Chrono Trigger and FFIII gave (and continue to give) me.Cosmic Star Heroine, in the little bit that i have played, has already managed to do so. The writing so far has been really good, the graphics and environments are nice, and the character designs have a great style reminiscent of Phantasy Star (which is a huge plus, in my book).Most important of all, however, is the combat system. It is excellent, and has a deceptive amount of depth. There are no Magic Points or Skill Points. Rather, most skills can only be used once in each battle before they are locked off. In order to use them again, you must use your Defensive move, which refreshes all of your skills. This sounds cumbersome and slow, but it is anything but. Battles are actually pretty fast-paced for JRPG standards.There are other interesting aspects as well, such as the Hyper meter; every few turns, your character gets a turn in Hyper Mode, causing any attack or healing that they do in that turn to be significantly amplified. As such, you must plan ahead and strategize when you will use each skill. It adds a great strategic layer to the combat, and you can't just simply spam the same skills over and over. There are also items that can do damage, cause ailments, or heal, that are shared between all party members. These items aren't spent with use, and refresh at the end of each battle, adding yet another layer. Once you get a few party members (which takes no time at all), the combat takes on a wonderful amount of depth . One character, for example, has a skill that causes her next ability to target all enemies (or allies, if it's a heal or buff). So if you know she's going to enter Hyper Mode in 2 turns, you can use that skill, then in the next turn hit the entire enemy party with her most powerful attack (which is usually single target). This may sound simple, but when you have numerous characters in your party and a wealth of skills, items, and abilities at your disposal, it becomes a strategic chess match. You must plan ahead, especially on higher difficulties (i'm playing on hard, and have already had some very tough battles).Definitely check this out if you're a fan of 16-bit era RPG's, or just quality JRPG's in general. I can't wait to play more!(please check out and subscribe tothecrankymessiah.comfor reviews, early access impressions, and more!)"
,Recommended,256460,31192477,Posted: 16 April,all,Alboreo,"A fresh take on the JRPG genre that takes classic gameplay elements and makes them far more convenient and interesting.The game's combat takes its queues from Chrono Trigger (with a bit of Grandia). There is no mana or resource management; instead, skills have a set number of uses before requiring the player to ""rest"" or defend in order to regain their use. This makes combat interesting, alongside a system which buffs attacks every n turns (varying based on the character), allowing players to manage their skills wisely and think ahead to determine how best to deal damage or heal their party members. Also, you are fully healed after each fight which allows you to go all-out each time you encounter an enemy; this feature makes combat much less tedious than I have found it to be in other JRPGs, as much as I love the genre.The setting is a mixture between Phantasy Star (less like the single player games and more like Online, IMO) and standard Cyberpunk, at least a few hours in. Perhaps this will change once I get closer to the end, and if so, I will update my review. The writing is very entertaining, characters are likeable and witty, and the setting itself is really interesting. One character that I am quite fond of is a ""Gunmancer"" who summons various guns to help her in combat. Another is a hacker who can literally hack into robotic enemies (of which there are many) to debuff them, deal damage, heal party members, etc. While roles are pretty clearly defined, the fresh take on them and a bit of skill/gear customization makes the game's characterization feel rather deep.One complaint that I will mention is that, at least at the point I am at in the game, there has been no backtracking. While this sounds like a wonderful thing, I mean that I often cannot even leave the screen that I am on to explore an area I just left; sometimes I feel that I have missed things or wanted to talk to someone, but I am unable to as the game pushes me forward constantly. It is not a horrible thing, but it does make it feel as though I am not getting to explore as much as I would like at times. Take this with a grain of salt, as it may change and even if not, I am not that bothered by it- I just wanted to complain about something. :)I am greatly enjoying Cosmic Star Heroine, and I hope that others will give it a shot. I admit that I have been following the game since it was first announced with bated breath, so I may be a bit biased, but I believe it to be worth far more than the $11.99 that it is currently going for."
76561198040365352,Recommended,256460,31474800,Posted: 30 April,all,Strickler80,"Been having a blast playing this over the past week. Simple gameplay, interesting story, and plenty of references to previous games."
76561197996595835,Recommended,256460,31420453,Posted: 28 April,all,GreatRumbler,"A labor of love and a love letter to classic 16-bit JRPGs like Chrono Trigger and the Phantasy Star series. Zeboyd has clearly put a lot of effort into not only the look but also the feel, to make this not just some RPG Maker thing but an actual, real, honest-to-goodness retro JRPG. Love the inclusion of little animated cutscenes and the soundtrack is fantastic."
76561198084657727,Recommended,256460,31414759,Posted: 28 April,all,Celtic Steel,"There's a lot to love about this game.The graphics are stunning, the music is amazing, and all in all it is a fun and humorous homage to the JRPG's of 16 bit yore. Fans of Final Fantasy, Chrono Trigger and Phantasy Star will adore its many references for these titles.  However, there's very little in the way of exploration or side quests, and the game can be incrediably linear.  As such, I can only really play this in 30 min bursts as an overload of turn based battles gets a bit grating.This is a gorgeous and entertaining JRPG homage that can somtimes feel a little thin but overall should appeal to those who played those SNES and Megadrive classics.  And these days all i really want from a JRPG is something better than Final Fantasy 13 - Cosmic Star Heroine certainly is."
76561198037381465,Recommended,256460,32624065,Posted: 21 June,all,Milya,"It's a single player, linear RPG in a sci-fi setting with turn based combat - if you like those kinds of games I expect you'll enjoy your time with this one like I did.The art style and the music are the best things about this game. Combat doesn't follow far behind. There's a great many different combat moves to pick from, and most of them feel powerful to use. Which is as it should be, honestly.The story is light hearted and fun, perhaps somewhat predictable at times. The characters are alright, but they don't feel very well fleshed out. I believe it was a mistake to use so many characters for such a short game. It took me 17 hours to finish and I don't have an urge to play through it again on a higher difficulty or anything. There simply isn't time to get to know all, or even half of the cast we're introduced to.I never expected a longer game for this price range, though. That isn't my complaint. I hope they'll make more of these :)"
76561198027983219,Not Recommended,256460,31128541,Posted: 13 April,all,poobah_kryos,"This game is LOADED with bugs. I enjoyed the game quite a bit, but when I got to the last dungeon, all my save data was erased.The small bugs on the way were bad, but managable. Im not playing 11 hours again for that though.Fix the bugs and you have a solid game."
,Recommended,256460,31091481,Posted: 11 April,all,punkmasterpix,"A couple hours in, and I really do like what I'm seeing. It's easily Zeboyd's best game yet.But I've personally run into a couple bugs so far where a party member' sprite just became static and unanimated. Didn't seem to affect battles or map exploration, but it was still a little jarring. Still, the game is definitely worth the money I spent on it."
,Recommended,256460,31454178,Posted: 29 April,all,dualhunter,"Overall I like it but I really want to know why the game was delayed so long. I can understand delaying a game to take the time to fix bugs and make the game feature complete before release but that clearly wasn't the reason for this game. Luckily you can save any time and the bugs seem to mostly be the easily repeatable kind rather than random so they should be eventually fixed (but again the the gave evidently wasn't delayed for testing). One bug was actually helpful, a weapon that is only supposed to auto-revive the user once per battle revived many times per battle enabling me to defeat some optional bosses at a lower level.Like past games by Zeboyd Games, it's a retro style RPG with the tedious stuff removed: no random battles, no need to grind (unless you play on higher difficulties or want to take on the optional bosses earlier in the story), no need to restock items, no need to heal after battles, no need to avoid using your best abilities to conserve MP, etc. The story isn't amazing but it's not bad and there is some humor and references to other games and media including some cameos from past Zeboyd Games.There were a few playable characters I wasn't a fan of and basically just used when I had to but for most of the game I had a party I liked (and even the characters I wasn't a fan of have abilities that can sometimes be useful). I'm not a fan of the limit on equiped abilities at a time (it would have been nice to keep revive abilities equiped but with limited slots I had to give them up for abilities I need more often), but at least it lets you customize your characters a bit and you can remove the abilities that don't suit your play style. I tend to focus an elemental attack abilities (most enemies have a weakness which is displayed when you select the enemy with a single target attack) so regular battles were a bit repetitive: unload elemental attacks, unload other strong attacks, recharge abilities and repeat if necessary. It was still enjoyable and I think I varied my tactics more than in past Zeboyd games so there is a bit of depth to the battle system but it's still fairly basic. On higher difficulties you'll need to plan a bit more and pay attention to things like Style and Hyper Mode so if you want simple battles pick the lower two difficulties and if you want more depth to the battle system pcik the higher two difficulties.Despite the disappointing issues I still recommend it though I probably won't be getting the next game from Zeboyd Games at launch. I like their games but if they don't want to fix the issues before launch I'll just wait for a bigger discount."
76561198038047469,Recommended,256460,31687095,Posted: 11 May,all,Neifirst,"This game has a lot of heart. It's evident a lot of love went into it.Usually most turn-based RPGs bore me, but the battles in this one come with quite the twist. Unlike other games you can't just spam attacks, you have to sequence abilties intelligently and combo things together with some level of finesse. This way of doing things really spices the action up and makes for situations where you gotta sit and think later on when your party grows more complex before inputting your actions. I quite like it.Can't make any comments on length as I havn't completed this game, but this is worth a buy, with bonus points for an amazing soundtrack.Lastly I'd recommend playing this on the second-to-last difficulty level (Heroine), as its the best balance between challenge and fun while keeping things nice and tense, as a good RPG should do."
76561198197535794,Recommended,256460,31735379,Posted: 13 May,all,olijj92,"I don't usually write reviews but I felt like this game deserved some praise, hats off to Zeboyd Games as I honestly think they've created an RPG masterpiece.This game just feels so unique with it's creative take on turn based battle and the sci-fi setting, it's refreshing to play something that's not just a re-hash of the systems that have been in place for over 20 years. The only game that I can think of as being this inventive is The Amber Throne, but unlike that game it feels very polished, the artstyle and UI definitely help with this.As someone who tends to have trouble with the length of some JRPGS, Final Fantasy VI being one of my favourite games of all time even though I've never finished it, this game delivers a lot of fun in a condensed package. In conclusion, for the price tag it's a must buy if you like turn based RPGs."
,Recommended,256460,32353167,Posted: 11 June,all,Tesdant,"If your idea of gaming's glory days include sitting in front of the tube plaugging away at Chrono Trigger, Phantasy Star IV, or Fantasy VI- then Cosmic Star Heroine is not only a game after your heart, but one much deserved of it as well.Quirky dialogue, fun turn-based combat system, and a rock solid soundtrack really makes this game feel as though it were one of the classics, I enjoy the cutscenes, and cyberpunk styled universe as well - the art direction is very much on point. There's enough in CSH for any fan of the classics to sink their teeth into, all in 16:9 HD."
,Recommended,256460,33382855,Posted: 8 July,all,samiamir,"Tight western JRPG under 20 hours. There's no fluff or grinding. You can save at any time, you can skip any cutscene, and you can change difficulty at any point.Great worldbuilding with 3 planets, several alien races, and a decent story with many shoutouts to sci-fi and gaming culture while staying grounded. I got invested in several of the characters. Every environment feels fresh and i almost never saw an enemy more than three times.I can definitely see a lot of inspiration from Chrono Trigger and that's a great thing.Great experience overall for 15$."
,Recommended,256460,32835132,Posted: 26 June,all,Meatballsub,"CSH is a solid title. From its sleek, pixelated graphics to the catchy sci-fi soundtrack, something here is sure to catch your eye. The combat system is probably its best feature, and can make for some very interesting fights (especially at harder difficulties). The game isn't without flaws, however. While the plot is interesting, it feels disappointingly rushed through most of the game. I found it very difficult to care about many of the characters and settings simply because things happened so fast. This may or may not bother some people, but it is worth mentioning.Besides that nitpick, the game deserves much praise."
,Recommended,256460,34298727,Posted: 16 August,all,Eldiran,"Fantastic RPG with amazing combat gameplay, art, and music. As you gain new allies and abilities, you are constantly evolving new fun & engaging combat strategies. Played on v1.15 on Heroine difficulty.Pros:- As mentioned, the gameplay is great.- Art is amazing throughout.- The world is vibrant.- Characters are fun and conceptually interesting, though not thoroughly fleshed out.- Pacing is strong excepting one or two short segments.- Writing is solid, if a bit cliche.- Music is great and extremely catchy.Cons:- Sound effects are very sparse to the point of making the game feel buggy. Almost every cutscene and around 30% of attacks/abilities are missing one or more sound effects.- One particular section (the Nuluup investigation) drags heavily and requires a walkthrough if you accidentally skip certain dialog (easy to do).----Overall, definitely worth the money. If the game receives an additional polish patch fixing the numerous sound issues and the occasional pacing issues, it would become nearly perfect."
76561198011107573,Recommended,256460,31476533,Posted: 30 April,all,cecilandblues,"An extrodinarly good SNES style RPG with fantastic combat design, fun characters and joyous music. Zeboyd aggressively supports this title stomping out bugs and addressing community concerns. Highly recommended."
76561197968907104,Recommended,256460,31508571,Posted: 2 May,all,TheSHEEEP,"Really a well-made, classic jRPG with a fresh combat system, many (!!) characters and fitting difficulties for everyone.Usually, these games kind of overstay their welcome, but with 15-20 hours, this one has just the right length, too.The only bugs I met in my playtime were the UI not updating correctly and one combat had a freeze one time. That's it.PS: The dancing robot creeps me out, though."
76561198006597336,Recommended,256460,31102741,Posted: 12 April,all,Vaarh,"Lovely little rpg in the mould of classic 16 bit Final Fantasies, and japanese classics like Suikoden. Go play and enjoy."
,Recommended,256460,31089901,Posted: 11 April,all,MadTinkerer,"From my brother's review of the game:My first impressions were quite good. I have been waiting for this game ever since I found out about it by it's upcoming physical release for PS4 and PSVita. Overall the trailer set my expectations reasonably high and I'm happy with what I have played so far. (the first 4 chapters of the game)The characters (so far) have easy to understand motivations, and the dialog is just about the right length so that you can get back into the action of the game smoothly. I like how there is some thinking involved in collecting the extra stuff in each area, however the sudden and frequent ""door locks behind you"" stuff really bugged me, you need to save often, because if you explore and hit an ""advance to the next room"" toggle, you might not be able to go back...unless you load your game. (I know that there are clear story reasons for some of this, but from a gameplay point of view this bothers me, and disrupts the game-flow as I'm a very eager to collect everything. There are some unclear puzzles that do require you to move forward past a one way area, then after a plot point happens the game lets you return to solve it.)  So small nitpicks aside, the art and music work well with the setting and the action of what is going on.The game runs best (imo) on a game-pad, but keyboard controls are also an option.Yes, the game will exit if you change a setting, but that is a minor bug and will hopefully be patched out within a few days.PROS:+ Clearly a lovingly crafted retro RPG for all us fans.+ Fun unique combat mechanics.+ Very nice awesome pixel art.+ Interesting Characters.+ Not too much dialog in cut-scenes.+ Respects your time, and allows you to save anywhere and anytime (outside battle)+ Some battles can be replayed to grind for loot (it's in the menu for some reason)CONS:- Invisible one way triggers will force you onward and you can't go back. (unless you load)- The ability select screen is a little odd to get used to, took me about 45 min to understand it and reordered my skills how I liked."
76561197996381121,Recommended,256460,32577995,Posted: 19 June,all,russellfs,This game made me smile. I enjoyed this no grinding version of a 16 bit like classic RPG with no seperate battle screen. The story was passable and the game play was a fun nod to an earlier era. I found it to be a decent length and enjoyed my time with it. It played just fine with the keyboard. I would happily buy a Cosmic Star Heroine 2 if they made one!
76561197967061182,Recommended,256460,31174161,Posted: 16 April,all,Turbo Nerd,"A good game, if unpolished.Pros:- Sci-Fi JRPG- New combat mechanics, heavy focus on exploiting elemental weaknessesCons:- Very unpolished (e.g. you can see your character sprite clipping through environment, for an example check out the trees in the festival area, also some battles will bug out / force a restart).- Can't quit (without Alt-F4?)- Can't load (without quitting!)- Status effects aren't visible, e.g. do I have a buff? They appear over enemies head, but not yours."
76561198259959636,Recommended,256460,31240842,Posted: 19 April,all,CosmoMemory,"Absolutely in love with this game. Story-line so far is great, absolutely love the mix of characters and different play styles. Lots of customization when it comes to your party. Unique combat and very retro sound effects and music. I decided to write the review after a side quest that is very Resident Evil-esque. ;) I feel many developers and publishers focus too much on graphics, and neglect all other aspects. This game is definitely a bang for your buck. My only negative feedback is I had a bug that froze after a battle, which could have been very rage quit worthy, but luckily I saved just before it. Also you guys need to get some achievements on the board! This is a game I would love to 100%. Keep the nostalgia alive!"
76561198003099471,Recommended,256460,31280951,Posted: 21 April,all,Kaero,Great game that reminds me heavily of chrono trigger. The name of the main character is also a homage to Alys from Phantasy Star which is a nice little nod to one of my old favourites.  The music is amazing and the visuals top notch.
,Recommended,256460,31191633,Posted: 16 April,all,Ultimortal Nanomaster,"This game is pretty much fantastic. It's an RPG that doesn't try too hard (Still succeeds wonderfully! :D), but can provide a varied challenge depending on your familiarity with RPGs and intimate understanding of Zeboyd Games in general. I got 18 hours out of it, and finished all the content at a pretty decent pace on the 2nd-highest difficulty."
,Recommended,256460,31384540,Posted: 26 April,all,AceSox,"Amazing gem of an RPG, absolutely worth the cheap price!Many complain of bugs on here but I have only encountered one and a quick restart fixed it, didnt lose any progress or such! :D"
76561198073088368,Recommended,256460,31257272,Posted: 20 April,all,The Silent One,I just finished this game and I had a great time playing this one. Everything about this game was great from the battle theme to the characters. Even the storyline of this game felt like playing a Phantasy Star game mixed in with Chrono Trigger battle mechanics.The only thing that needs to be fixed are some of the bugs but most of them can be fixed by just turning off the game and restarting the game back up again.
76561197963134328,Recommended,256460,31206125,Posted: 17 April,all,Mepps,"A fantastic retro JRPG experience. The additions, layers, and refinements to the standard JRPG battle system make this game REALLY, REALLY fun. The characters are interesting - and there are lots of them - the setting and music is futuristic and reminiscent of Chrono Trigger.For my taste, there are a few too many easter eggs and nods to past games for my liking - breaks the immersion just a little bit - but this game is worth it for the combat alone. Highly recommend for anyone with an ounce of RPG gamer in them."
76561198049698145,Recommended,256460,31225786,Posted: 18 April,all,DFG,Why are you reading this review? Play this game now! Especially if you're into 16-bit jrpg games with amazing soundtracks and lovable characters in a scifi setting.
,Recommended,256460,31298575,Posted: 22 April,all,vitevotum,"I greatly enjoyed the game. I like RPGs in general and this give me a good feeling playing it and actually finishing it.The Story is OK, the Characters are well thought out and the game as a hole (I have all zeboyd games) has improved compared to the earlier titles.I finished the game in 20 hours with level 60. I played on Heroine difficulty and had no problems fighting my way through the game. The End Boss was easy. I backtracked a lot to finish some side quests, to recieve some cool items and beat some Boss characters.I like the Beginning (chapter 1-3) and the way new characters are introduced. The music is great and fits the game. I do not like the encounter system (I like to grind) and the lvl-up system (i want control over the stats i see as important).""Games like this help to define what a RPG is!"""
76561198025121401,Recommended,256460,31248466,Posted: 19 April,all,ptrepczynski,"I don't write reviews to often but Zebloyd games hits a grand slam with cosmic star heroine, I beat the game in about 15 hours which is a fair amount of time.  This was a great experience and love the sound track, My only issue is when the game freezes, like when I used unleashed with an ability from slot 7.  So the Dem boss froze up a lot too. But the game has a rich story, great battle sequence and music that's upbeat. Buy this game if you're a fan from old school JRPG like chrono trigger or fantasy star."
,Recommended,256460,31261688,Posted: 20 April,all,Wxursa,"I'm not a huge JRPG fan usually, mostly stick to the Trails series, but this is really good.   It does have a few minor bugs in it, but they're fixing them, and I think the quality is easily on par with the Trails series overall, even the game is slightly different.   The actual gameplay part of the game itself is pretty interesting and fun, which is a step up from most RPG's, and the characters so far are pretty enjoyable.   This will end up on my top 5 games of the year somewhere, from out of nowhere.   Can highly recommend this one."
,Recommended,256460,31265374,Posted: 20 April,all,OhShesARoe,"Gorgeous, retro-style RPG with charming characters and great gameplay.  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,256460,31235378,Posted: 19 April,all,Jblade35,"Good, retro-style RPG fun. Captures the older spirit of the Phantasy Star games whilst still retaining Zeboyd's signature style of whimsical fun. The characters are entertaining and Alyssa is a good protagonist, hopefully we'll see more adventures with her in the future. Also has a good soundtrack!"
,Recommended,256460,31291998,Posted: 22 April,all,gunsage,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-fmj_GqUBsIt's Chrono Trigger, but scifi, yet somehow very original.  Cosmic Star Heroine is easily Zeboyd's finest title to date and it really shows.  I've been playing his stuff since Breath of Death 7 and it's always a treat to see what he has in store for you.  Just like previous titles, prepare yourself to take full and constant advantage of buffs, debuffs, and lots of strategy.  There are several battles that you may have to try again simply because your strategy was weak from the very first round.In that respect, it's actually a lot better than many of the modern RPGs where you can simply mash the action button to win with only taking a few rounds here and there to recover.  So if you're a fan of Chrono Trigger, Zeboyd's previous titles, or some of the tougher boss fights from the Shin Megami Tensei series, look no further.  This is your game!"
76561198039820703,Recommended,256460,31316964,Posted: 23 April,all,Eyune,If you are a fan of phantasy star 4 I urge you to play this game.
76561198025305258,Recommended,256460,33684667,Posted: 20 July,all,tomb,"It's a fun game but painfully linear and the battle system is a bit confusing. If you enjoy retro rpgs, give it a go."
76561197998546381,Recommended,256460,31110564,Posted: 12 April,all,8Bitaccent,"Accidentally deleted everything I typed in my previous review update. Damn it.TLDRA retro throughback to Chrono Trigger and Phantasy star (3 and 4 mostly?). Tactical combat and character choices make combat fun on hard difficulty or higher. The story starts a little fast, leaving you feeling like you're missing something, but slows down eventually. The humor is there, (along with easter eggs) though a little juvinile and predictable at times. Devs are actively fixing bugs with help from the community.7/10 and worth your time.Broader reviewWhile lacking the polish of a typical AAA or even AA game, CSH does have its charms, especially when it comes to combat and the retro appeal of the games it found inspiration in. Being a huge fan of both Chrono Trigger and Phantasy Star 4 (god those online PS games were garbage) I had to pick this up right away.The good -Combat, character choice, and the fighting system take a little bit to get used to but they're fantastic. It's honestly some of the best combat in an RPG I've seen in a very long time.The music is great and totally fits the genre and tone of the game. It's a good mix of Chrono Trigger and Phantasy Star.The combat graphics, map graphics, and much of the animations are very Chrono Trigger. The menu comes a lot from Phantasy Star (as well as some of the options in combat). The main character is very remniscent of Alys Brangwin (though lacking an understudy like Chaz). The option of reminding yourself what you're doing if you're stuck or coming back from a break is great (better than Phantasy Star's which could occasionally be confusing) though I'm not sure the game is really long enough to warrent it in most situations.The descriptions of monsters is usually pretty good when you curser over them.The first mission is actually done very well, as is most of the layouts of ""dungeons"" and whathave you.The average -The humor is okay. It's not great. It's welcome and sometimes spot on but just as often misses the mark and is a little too predictable.The weapon shops are pretty pointless as they are in most older JRPG type games. You literally walk to the store of the next town and always buy your upgrade. There might as well just be a guy standing there that upgrades your equipment for you for a fee, since there's nothing that new weapons bring to the game but bigger stats. The shield shops, many times, give more meaningful choices since they're your source of... ""classes"" so to say with their moves and effects.Some of the ability effects are kind of random and not very pretty. Looking at a lot of teamwork abilities the protagonist uses.Sound effects aren't anything to shake a stick at.Game came out fairly buggy but it's charm made me stick it out for updates and I even helped with some bug catching.The games this is based from never had any kind of map but I feel like at this point some kind of even rudimentary minimap would have been helpful in some form.The price point seems about right on.The bad -Launch was a little bit of a mess.While I know the game isn't designed to be as epic and long as CT or PS4 I do feel that the first six or so chapters go far too fast and it doesn't really give the player much time to absorb things. Which it makes sense, in a way, there isn't enough time for the player to appreciate or really process what's happening until they get through the sort of opening of the game.Some of the reasons people join your ""party"" are fairly ambiguous at best. After the first four characters are in your party people just seem to fall into your party with little reason or commentary. Considering the game doesn't take itself too seriously that's probably not neccessarily a bad thing... but it did turn me off.Controls are pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for keyboard though I'm pretty sure they'll fix it in the future. Currently there's no remapping of controls. Play with a controller.So all in all I'm giving it a 7/10(past review)Currently the game has several bugs. The one that's making me wait on playing is the monsters are dissapearing, including bosses, and I'm getting full credit for the kills. On hard difficulty. Will update when game is patched."
76561198064930702,Recommended,256460,31116742,Posted: 13 April,all,J Rob,"I had a great time with this game! It's a good 16-bit cyberpunk turn-based RPG. Highly addicting. Good retro graphics and good soundtrack. Solid gameplay. It takes the good elements from its influences and steps it up. I recommend playing this game at at least ""Heroine"" difficulty. This is quality retro RPG, and I would recommend it to those looking for one. Get this game! Great value for a great experience."
,Recommended,256460,34312251,Posted: 17 August,all,Riddlewrong,"I was a big fan of Zeboyd's previous titles before I'd even heard of this game, so when I finally picked it up, I was pretty excited. The first few hours of the game were really fun and you could tell that they had pulled out all the stops on this one to create something completely their own. The art has improved a lot since the BoD VII and CSTW days, which was the most obvious difference from the very start. The combat system is clearly influenced by Chrono Trigger, and it was nostalgic to come back to that system at first.But it's not all good news. The most important aspect of any RPG, in my mind, is the story, the characters, and the setting. Well, the setting is certainly interesting. It's futuristic cyberpunk set on three different planets. You can't really go wrong there.The characters, on the other hand, are pretty one-dimensional. You get a few interesting lines when you first meet them, and then there's not much else. The occasional quip pops up, but you never really feel like you get to know these people or that they develop meaningfully. They each have a sidequest, but it's not enough to flesh them out.The story is pretty bland. It's the same sort of rebels vs. the empire retread we've seen a thousand times before, but it's particularly lacking in depth. I had a really hard time getting into it, and I was trying my best.The combat feels strategic, but even on the normal difficulty, it's a bit of a slog.You can fight the same battles again if you want to (for leveling purposes) but battles take a really long time to fight, so grinding isn't a very effective use of your time. The amount of power you gain when you level up is also pretty insignificant, and no matter what you do, you always feel like you're just about even with the monsters in terms of power.What this means is that even though the system doesn't reward grinding, you really don't need to grind at all. Everything's pretty balanced. The exception to this is the hardest difficulty setting, which is so unbalanced that you get an achievement simply for beating the first fight in the game (which is harder than it sounds).If you like retro RPGs, you'll probably enjoy Cosmic Star Heroine. I did, at least to a point. I still think it's a very flawed game, but it marks a significant improvement on the part of the developer, and I support that. Here's hoping their next game will be even better."
76561198003920161,Recommended,256460,35353273,Posted: 30 September,all,Sylph Skies,"Now don't get me wrong, I love both Final Fantasy games and Phantasy Star games. But I grew up in the Nintendo vs Sega era. The one RPG that really grew on me was Phantasy Star 4, but no-one ever knew what I was talking about because they were playing Final Fantasy games (which I don't blame them, those games are awesome too). But I saw Phantasy Star 4 with a bit of Bionic Commando and a battle system sort of like Radiant Historia? All a good combination. I am very pleased with everything about the game! Also the soundtrack is beautiful. I still see Alys from Phantasy Star 4 in Alyssa haha, microexpressions and all. <3"
,Recommended,256460,33529859,Posted: 13 July,all,Pic0o,"Rad combat system, enjoyable story and main story clearable below 20 hours.  Love the art styings too.Sleeper hit that is a treat to play.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,256460,31618790,Posted: 7 May,all,evernewjoy,"Cosmic Star Heroine succeeds in its goal of providing an rpg experience that is memorable while also being unique!My single favorite part about the game is that your main character is so utterly likeable and, in a word, Noble.Playing as such a heroine made me happy throughout the whole game which I've just now completed :)I can highly recommend Cosmic Star Heroine to anyone who wants to blast through many battles in a very interesting galaxy, meet many unique characters, and be an awesome Hero, I mean Heroine, the whole time :)"
,Recommended,256460,31169892,Posted: 15 April,all,Jozz,"What really made this game for me was the combat. Other reviews discuss the combat mehanics in-details, so I will just briefly summarized what I liked about it--the depth. In this game, you do not have MP or SP like in your traditional RPG. To me, the combat has three distinct features that make it interesting:* abilities may be used freely, but many require defending for a turn to take them off cooldown* charaters go into ""hyper mode"" after a certain number of turns, boosting their damage/healing/ailments* damage ramps up the longer the fight goes on (esp. enemies)Timing buffs/debuffs and big hits is really the way to go here, making fights less of the normal tank'n'spank sort of deal found in many other RPGs. It's fun using normal attacks to deal, say, 800 damage, and then using a buffed hyper-attack to slap a boss with 40000 damage.The only problem I had with the combat was the difficulty pacing. Many battles seemed too easy (even on Heroine), but there would be the occasional battle I would barely survive. This happened multiple times throughout the story for me. Thankfully the game lets you freely change the difficulty.I personally felt that the story was not very interesting (minor spoiler: it's as simple asbad guy is trying to mind-control people, stop them). A simple story can be carried by interesting, dynamic characters. While there are quite a few characters with interesting designs, they rarely have much to say outside of when you first meet them. There was really no character development at all.Music was enjoyable, but I personally did not find anything that memorable. The main battle theme is pretty sweet, which is awesome as players will hear it a lot.I'd personally wait for a sale unless you are a die-hard 16-bit RPG fan that needs a quick-fix.Edited for readability."
,Recommended,256460,31146231,Posted: 14 April,all,Vileguy,"I'm really impressed with the game so far. The graphics are fantastic, the gameplay is solid and fun. Combat in a lot of RPGs is somewhat lacking in strategy, but this one gives you a lot of options and rewards both planning and resource management in a way that I love. I especially like how items are limited use but aren't truly consumed. I tend to avoid using consumables as much as possible in games, but in this it's more of another ability type. The resting mechanic is also great, and being able to choose which skills to take with you into battle is very satisfying to my need for customization. If I end up getting to choose party members in later parts of the game, this will be the whole package.I've played other Zeboyd RPGs before and they were mostly okay but a little simplistic, but this feels like a much higher quality game. The dialog isn't bad and it has room for improvement, but otherwise I feel like I'm playing a SNES classic. This is by far the best new RPG I've been able to find on Steam in a long time. If Zeboyd announces another RPG kickstarter project, I'll probably be backing it after this."
76561198057752910,Recommended,256460,31330342,Posted: 23 April,all,laozhuge,Great game with a couple of bugs that should be addressed soon. None are deal-breakers and are minor annoyances at worst. Recommend to anyone who enjoyed Chrono Trigger.
76561197998033010,Recommended,256460,31227879,Posted: 18 April,all,daniel_mic,Yep - t'sgood!
,Recommended,256460,31090262,Posted: 11 April,all,Avarize,"Really great, fun and fast combat, great music and amazing sprite work! This is a must for RPG fans!"
76561198006611143,Recommended,256460,31113123,Posted: 13 April,all,thalnor,"This game is a little hard to play at 480x270 resolution but it's definitely worth it! The female protagonist is really hot. I'm glad Dr. Teeturned me on(haha, get it??) to this game."
,Recommended,256460,32817407,Posted: 26 June,all,gussrichardson,"Excellent little SNES inspired RPG - with the benefit of being able to save anywhere, anytime.  There's zero grinding, succunct dialogue, likable characters, INCREDIBLE music, and a thoughtful battle system not quite like anything I've played before.  Mindlessly pressing the 'a' button won't get you very far."
76561198038145583,Recommended,256460,31169252,Posted: 15 April,all,SpoonyAzul,"Okay, I played this game for a few hours and here's what I think of the game.Pro:Gameplay: It is good, with a nice choice of party members, each with their own abilites and skills. I find it hard who to switch out and who to put into the front line. Also, the Hyper system, which increases damage and debuff success rates, helps me figure out what skills to use first for maximum damage and having advantage in combat, instead of mashing the Accept button to win.Music: The Soundtrack so far makes my ears happy. I still get the boss theme and the song from Nightshade stuck in my head.ConsStory: The story, mostly its pacing, is too fast. It's like I'm watching a story unfold on fast forward. The plot twists happen too quickly and I can't enjoy any setting before I leave to the next area in the next five minutes. Not only that, I've got more than half the party members joining the main character almost immediately before I make to the second planet.---That's all I have after playing for a few hours. Given that it's done by two people and with the $15 price tag, I'd say it's worth it."
76561198017787165,Recommended,256460,31168936,Posted: 15 April,all,pfjarschel,"Holy shoot!!!! They were not kidding when they say it's kind of like Chrono Trigger!! Not only the battles and general style, but THE REFERENCES!!!!!! Spoiler alert: there is an early boss during an escape sequence, on a side scrolling bridge, that is a mechanical dragon. I'm only a couple of  hours in, and apart from the battles, there is a lot of details that reminds me of CT, and also other old school games... Oh, and don't think that the references are only from CT! You'll find some from Star Wars and a lot of other good stuff!Well, so I guess you already noticed that the references are a good point, but really, the game is great. Nice music, cool graphics, excellent gameplay... I really can't think of anything bad about it, besides that once you start playing, it's hard to stop.If you like JRPGs of old, sci-fi pop culture, or are just looking for something fresh, you can't go wring with this game!"
76561198217662697,Recommended,256460,33626650,Posted: 18 July,all,Vriska Serket,I love this game. It has excellent graphics for a sixteen-bit game. The characters are really likable and the equipmwnt system is relatively easy to navigate. Combat is simple and the attacks/buffs work really well. I sincerely recomend this game to anyone who is a fan of sixteen-bit or is new to the genre.
,Recommended,256460,31231305,Posted: 18 April,all,Antzer,"♥♥♥♥, this game is so good!"
,Not Recommended,256460,33619991,Posted: 17 July,all,Serious Kraken,"This game has the worst controller support of any game I've ever played.  If any controller is connected at all, the cursers just move randomly.  I can't even get past the title screen.  There are lots of comments on the discussion board, but the devs don't care."
76561198093399415,Recommended,256460,31156608,Posted: 15 April,all,razorG,"Well I have played the 1st hour and I did like it.  First the negatives though.  1.  Include how to bring up your character screen in your tutorial.  I was pressing every button on the keyboard until I found that it was TAB. 2.  I couldnt find any way to adjust sound settings.  I wasnt too fond of the fast paced music but couldnt turn it down.  I think I would have warmed to it more if it was quietly in the background rather than at the same audio level as the sx.  Also a small thing that I think could enhance the combat would be to make the atttacks look better.  I dont mean the animation but more the little white number that tells you how much damage you have done.  Doesnt give you a wow feeling when you hit something.  Maybe make the font red and flash or enlarge it or something.  That is about that for the negatives.Positives.  I like that it isnt overly complicated.  Easy to pick up and fun to play.  2 of the best selling points for me.  I like that you start on low HP and your attacks do low damage.  I played the free trial of skyrim the other day (not that I am comparing a small indie game to that game) but I started the game with like 17500 health and I do damage of 945 when I hit an enemy.  Why?  Do games do this for theatrical effect,  Do people grab fists full of popcorn when they seel 900 damage?  I dont get it.  I much prefer low numbers like on games like this and WAKFU.  I am still early into the game so cant say a great deal but I enjoyed it so far and will continue playing."
,Not Recommended,256460,31203751,Posted: 17 April,all,A Noble Crab Knight,"In its current state, avoid like the god damn plague.The amount of bugs in this game is absurd. I've had the game just stop responding multiple times mid-boss fight for no reason. Text from cutscene overlays over normal gameplay sections, random phantom bits of text float around in certain areas for no reason. If you DARE to change the resolution the whole game will close down. These are just a few of the many bugs which will crawl around your face and deep into your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you bother to buy this game.The real shame is that it actually is a good game, but it's so shoddily made it's just unbearable to ♥♥♥♥ing trudge through.Graphics are pretty sweet.Music is cool.Gameplay is fun.Writing is worse than having a rat sewn into the inside of your♥♥♥♥♥♥and having it eat its way out.But the bugs... the ♥♥♥♥ing bugs.Just give it a few weeks so they can patch it."
,Recommended,256460,31106740,Posted: 12 April,all,non0,The soundtrack alone is worth playing this game for.  Hyperduck does an outstanding job once again.
76561198271653000,Recommended,256460,34427280,Posted: 22 August,all,dbgtinfinite,"This is a good game. It has its very minor flaws but overall its a fun joyride from beginning to end.The singlehandily best thing about this game is its battle system. Its fun, engaging, and never grindy. I only ever really need to VR grind once...just to test out the mechanic.The story, in contrast to many other reviews I have heard, is actually not that bad and fairly engaging. Though towards the last 2 hours it does falter here and there. I'd give it a B+I did encounter 1 or 2 very minor bugs or glitches that didn't really impact the game as a whole.The ost is pretty good.I'd give this game a solid B rank.Honestly I hope to see more in this series, not just a one off title. I like the universe and characters, and want to see how the series refines and expands itself."
76561198018232459,Recommended,256460,31161039,Posted: 15 April,all,City Representative,"This game is fantastic, battle system is great. Been encountering a lot of game breaking bugs, so I've been saving often. Glitches aside, I'd give this one an 8/10. In my opinion, it's really good, although it can be completed in less than only 20 hours."
76561198145139395,Recommended,256460,31819605,Posted: 18 May,all,yoship,"Intrigued to see that I'm writing Cosmic Star Heroine's 100th Steam (purchaser) review.  I'll keep it very short.Game's good, and has a lot of heart. Pace is great, art endearing, and the music excellent. A month in, the game is more stable and most bugs have been ironed out. The pricing is quite fair too, and as a leisurely player I clocked in at 40.6 hours with the rarest achievements.All in all, Cosmic Star Heroine is a fun, well-paced adventure that never drags. Accessible and welcoming. A 9/10"
76561198048808943,Recommended,256460,31132068,Posted: 14 April,all,SolarisSpell,"Why are enemies not respawning?Who thought that a RPG is a game where I don't want to gain exp and level up at my own pace?EDIT.- You DO can grind, which is good. It's just a menu option (thanks O Gagá)"
,Recommended,256460,31158488,Posted: 15 April,all,Kratur,some bugs but really fun
,Recommended,256460,31112621,Posted: 13 April,all,Oobka,+
76561198003292808,Recommended,256460,31245254,Posted: 19 April,all,TheZenMaster,MehIt was alright I guess
76561198022764228,Recommended,256460,31131609,Posted: 14 April,all,Treant Brotector,Cosmic Star Heroine is pretty dope.
,Recommended,256460,32919303,Posted: 28 June,all,Jazz-y,(o^-')b
76561197999072624,Not Recommended,256460,35416321,Posted: 2 October,all,Beige&Confused,"No Keyboard functionality, unable to run or cancel combat attacks, amongst other things.  Probably fine for some but for others purchase with caution."
76561198010483339,Not Recommended,256460,31813809,Posted: 17 May,all,TrickyTraegs,"I'm usually a big fan of Zeboid games, particularly the PA games. This one tried new combat mechanics, but it ultimately slowed the experience way down for me."
,Not Recommended,256460,31148825,Posted: 14 April,all,Elith,"In this games current state, it is a absolute mess and this is really disapointing too because to it's core it could be potentially an absolutely amazing game.   I feel the devs are still working very hard to patch and iron things out.  They have been very adamant on the community forums about fixing bugs.    That being said this review is subject to change.Firstly I would like to discuss difficulty,  The games difficulty is a mess.  It's all over the place in some cases the hardest difficulty is well suitable, In most cases the 3rd difficulty is absolutely the best eaxperience.   It's challanging and keeps you on your toes without being too punishing.However this takes a turn for the worst during later chapters where enemy HP is spiked up and battles run off too long to do enough damage to finish the fights. I feel the difficulty ramp could have been much more adjusted.(My only critic I can give to the developer since research shows they moved from XNA to Unity is to look into Analytics plugins.  If you the dev are reading this I would like to mention its a great tool and you should make use of it it will provide you a     powerful way to polish your game. )You will have the option to assemble your party to your liking and the game tells you no, you are going to do this dungeon with X,Y and Z party member and heres V too.  They turn out to be a very poor combination to boot.  I feel this could have been executed better.Next I will talk about level design and some annoying quirks that I have noticed very minor but they were still an eyesore.  Firstly was Placeholder NPC's and random UI misuse.   There have been a few occasions that I have run into an NPC just to read ""Placeholder NPC""  running around keeping track of what you are working on is important in development losing track of a placeholder isn't exactly a good thing. I get the feeling it could have been a joke or intentional but it breaks the immersion.   There were also a few instances where I had confused naming conventions,""Person A"", ""Person B""  I didn't quite understand because they didn't seem important to be given a name and it was only used once.  It's like the middle point of the games development was used for testing new Classes they may have programmed in.The next which is the sole reason this gets a thumbs down, is due to the massive amount of bugs this game has.  You don't release a game in this state and just because you, the developer play through it and don't experience bugs does not mean it's going to be the same as multiple others experiencing it.    Some of these seemed to be more due to lack of testing features mechanics.   No pre-determined programming or planning.   What I said above compliments the sole problems with the game.    Judging on everything I've read I can only imagine that this games purpose served to teach the devs how to use Unity.  Which is fine but extensive testing and organization skills could have highly avoided these issues.The list of bugs are very heavy but with the benefit of doubt they again are working very hard on patching these and I hope they continue to work on this until they have smashed out every bug.Next is the story, the story is pretty interesting and the devs did a excellent job capturing the charm of each character. I felt a yern to keep playing at every turn, if it was not for bugs completely demolishing my save file I would have probably did a full playthrough.  The world feels lively and each npc is crafted with thier own problems, even unimportant npcs have a unique charm to them that very memorable. I haven't felt that way since playing Xenogears for the PS1 years ago. This was the first game to mimic that worldly feeling that I craved in RPG's that was lacking.The pacing in the story is okay but I feel like it does rush a bit too much, theres hardly any downtime and things are always happening.   I don't think this is bad thing but I do feel it can be a bit much.The soundtrack is very charming and very excellent I really only have good things to say about it no negatives at all.With everything said above I can only say that this game is a super mixed bag with so much potential, It's really a shame because with proper gameplay polish and being bugfree,  This could have easily been one of the best games I have ever played.  Now is it worth the buy?  It kinda is, but you are gambling on the small team actually fixing all the issues and not just leaving to work on their next project.Thing's are looking promising hopefully I can flip this review with a thumbs up eventually."
,Not Recommended,256460,31433834,Posted: 29 April,all,GusDeCooL,"this is the decent game actually, i love the gameplay & music is okay. My main problem is with the pixelated art, it make the text hard to read when on fullscreen mode. If only all the art not pixelated, this will be a must try game :)"
76561197966385727,Not Recommended,256460,31144338,Posted: 14 April,all,Evilnapkin,"Needed far more playtesting before it ever officially launched on Steam.  Should've had an open beta or early access period.  This is also the developer's first simultaneous multiplat release, and as a result they are struggling to keep on top of fixes.FURTHER REVIEW AFTER PLAYING FOR 8 MORE HOURS:If you only do the first four chapters, you won't think there's much wrong aside from a few technical bugs, but beyond that, it's obvious they either didn't have the money for everything they wanted to do, or just figured they'd put it out there with what they did, do some damage control to get as many sales as possible, and move on.  The game ends up falling apart in every regard, and regardless of motive, the core of the failed delivery is obvious: They just didn't put enough money into it.- missing sound effects (pretty obvious when you start unlocking later skills, then you use them and there's absolutely *no sound* to go along with it - same goes for some enemies you'll encounter)- NPCs that are just called ""NPC"" with a number for them, because they forgot to give them an actual name (ie. ""NPC46"")- fights that are entirely RNG based, you may lose some encounters simply because they didn't do enough playtesting to ensure proper balance, so you can try eight different things and they'll all be ""right"" but you'll lose anyway, and you can do the same thing ten times, lose nine times, then win on the tenth because of who the enemies decided to target (on your team or, if charmed, on theirs)- plenty of softlocks from things like untargettable enemies and then the game freezing on the selection screen, or the game not even giving you a battle menu at all during your turn, so in either case you have to force close the game- a ton of the game's mechanics aren't explained, not as some intended means for difficulty, but as in the way a lot of things work aren't explained to you- not enough info on the UI when in combat, like what type of attribute the skill you're using is modified by (would be helpful so you know how buffing works), or when a buff has run out (ie. be notifed a defense buff has expired so you know to rebuff, rather than being hit for max damage and going oh I guess the defense buff wore off, don't know when though!)- skills will sometimes just randomly deactivate and be unusable, yes I know there's a skill you use to recharge skills, I'm talking about sometimes the game just flat out refuses to let you activate available skills- the character that uses drones... I don't know how to word this, it's so bizarre... when you use the drone, it takes until the start of the next turn to attack?  And sometimes it ends up robbing the turn of the character that was supposed to go first.  This is clearly a bug, but makes an already broken game even worse.- a few of the characters feel like poorly planned sketches in combat, like they didn't finish developing them, which is exactly what this entire game is.  A lof of it isReminds me a lot of Citizen Earth.  A game desperately trying to emulate a peak from the golden era of JRPGs, that just ends up failing miserably.  Though in this case, for entirely different reasons... but still not worth playing, at all.  If this were a house Zeboyd built that we were all living in, we'd all be dead from carbon monoxide poisoning the next morning, and just like carbon monoxide poisoning, there are people experiencing this game who are dealing with all the same issues, but for some reason just aren't aware of the negative effects.  Save yourself and stay out!"
,Recommended,256460,34542669,Posted: 27 August,all,"Stones, Thy Will is Salad",It's pretty good
76561198048159832,Recommended,256460,31170740,Posted: 15 April,all,Cuppy,"Phantasy Star mashed chrono triger, much accurate, much enjoyment, much totes adorbs. 6.5/10 ign"
76561197992111055,Recommended,256460,31086766,Posted: 11 April,all,safetake,I like this
,Not Recommended,256460,33435358,Posted: 10 July,all,Amaron,No mouse support.  I won't talk about the rest of the game.  It's not an arcade game.  There's simply no reason to tie it to a game pad.  Many things in an RPG are far more convient with a mouse.Some people won't think this is a big deal.  It's at least worth a negative review though.
,Not Recommended,256460,31145311,Posted: 14 April,all,code5150ine,not the best
,Recommended,256460,33243004,Posted: 4 July,all,Sulla1980,"I'm not very far in, but I am loving this game. I was in the mood for a 16-bit RPG adventure, and this is scratching the itch.It feels to me like a mix of Phantasy Star and Chrono Trigger. However, the combat system has been evolved past those games into something that seems (still early) like it will be special.Easy to recommend."
,Recommended,256460,33331742,Posted: 6 July,all,Zorro,Chrono Trigger combined with Deus Ex
,Recommended,256460,33488847,Posted: 12 July,all,gearsofcrabs,"Great game. Beautiful pixel graphics, especially during cutscenes, Decent story, could possibly be longer but doesn't overstay its welcome. Best part of the game though is the battle system. It's got a lot of moving parts to it and things to keep in mind. Nice bit of strategy to use and manipulate turn order and a bunch of other systems.  This is a really good modernized throwback RPG."
76561197999798663,Recommended,256460,32242574,Posted: 7 June,all,Hub,Perfect RPG. Get it.Old school feel to it. Awesome quirkiness. Only bad thing is that it isn't longer.
