user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,257030,12809254,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,The Original Pancake,"I played the first mission saying ""Oh a sword would be good."" The second mission I get a sword, micro missiles, a rail gun, decoys, flares and a funnel. They also called me princess.  Video proof to come. 11/10http://youtu.be/T1Fg4lcHEFU<- Video proof"
,Recommended,257030,12824054,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,David,"Z.O.E. + Gundam + Armored Core = Project Nimbus = AWESOME ! ! !and... i still hope for a zone of the enders 3, waiting since 2003edit: Since  my last Review on  this  Game in  7 November, 2014. Its  still in Early Access...  If  this  Game ever going to be finished? 2017 now  and  its  saddens me  a  little bit. But the  good  site is,  the  Devs  seems still  working on  it  and provide  here  and there updates."
,Recommended,257030,35234874,Posted: 26 September,all,Shiranui Second,"I may be biased in saying this game is amazing due to my love for mechaBut this game is amazing.I kid you not, this is kind of like ZOE meets ACE Combat. A truly enjoyable experience. The voice acting was phenominal considering this is an indie game and it hit the nail on the head when it comes to making it feel like you're in some mecha anime.Oh and some of the mechas got funnels. Char's Counterattack anyone?"
,Recommended,257030,19754082,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Little Byrd,"FIN FUNNELS RELEASED. I AM THE RED COMET. CHAAAAAAAAAAAAAR. THIS IS WHAT YOU GET FOR KILLING LALAH, AMURO RAY! IT WASN'T MY FAULT CHAR. PSYCHOFRAME ACTIVATE! THE AXIS SHOCK! THIS IS THE POTENTIAL OF NEWTYPES. I WON'T GIVE IN. FOOL! YOU CANNOT BEAT THE SAZABI! THE NU-GUNDAM WILL PREVAIL, YOU WILL NEVER WIN CHAR!"
76561198101908030,Recommended,257030,12883434,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,s3r@ph,"The game takes alot of cues from earlier mecha game greats namely Armored Core 4 / 4 Answer and Zone of the Enders with maybe a little Project Sylpheed thrown in on top of Strike Suit Zero.Essentially you fill the role of the new ace pilot on the scene who gets asked to go pickup the newest battle frame and kick some♥♥♥♥♥with it. While the full campaign is not released yet, it seems like a SLIGHTLY more involved version of the Armored Core 4A plot with poor people living on a polluted surface world with rich folk safe in the skies.Although the game is currently in early access, it is still capable of offering an enjoyable romp though clearly, some issues need to be worked out in order to consider this game ""top notch"" in comparison to the other games it is channeling.Flight comabt: because of the high speed nature of the game and the fairly small scale of models, it is virtually impossible to play without locking onto your targets constantly. This lock on quickly establishes a sense of disorientation as you become a wasp flying in spheres around your target. A quick examination of Armored Core 4 Answer (yes I name this one alot since it is, for me, the pinnacle of high speed mech combat) could probably offer the devs a deeper set of ideas for how to handle high speed combat by adding real weight to the machine you are flying in and a more noticeable effect upon quick boosting.As a quick addition, there is no system in place to keep you from colliding with the world around you as you dogfight, given the way you fly in spheres while being locked on and boosting to avoid dying this means you may crash into the ground or buildings very easily while trying to target things.Weapon Systems: There is nothing in place besides the enemy health bar which is fairly small on 1920x1080 to know if you actually landed hits or not, with missiles especially, the game boils down to firing off all your weapons over and over as fast as possible while dodging around until stuff blows up. It is fun but could be improved greatly.Also, the railguns, while useful, come across as very inaccurate unless you catch an enemy with a luck shot or it is one of the less intelligent drone level AIs you are fighting.The sword especially feels almost useless in its current form as even attempting to attack a capital ship that stands virtually motionless was a tedious proposition. The range on the blade is almost 0 and the idea of slowing down enough to effectively line up the attack or even know you hit with it is almost lethal every time.Overall, the core idea of the game is good, the story elements are EXTREMLY light though not quite as light as Armored Core 4A. The Gameplay mechanics are, at their root, very fun but still quite rough around the edges. This is definitely a game to watch and be appreciated since there is not enough high speed mech combat in the world anymore.To the Devs: I really really hope you read this, and do a serious examination of Armored Core 4 Answer because that game is a more serious version of what you are trying to make here in regards to high speed mech combat and physics. (Yes 4A begins more oriented towards ground combat but it is entirely possible to have a high speed, virtually endless flight design for your Mech within just a few missions using the right parts). Zone of the Enders 2 would also be one to consider drawing from.I am not saying that you should copy either game exactly, but rather that you should look at these earlier games within your genre and work to build off of their ideas rather than starting over from the ground up.The most important aspects of the game that are currently missing is a reworking of frame weight and boosting mechanics to impart a real sense of piloting a big machine within airspace and getting pushed in a direction by high powered jets. Also, an upscaling of the models within the world so it does not feel like you are a HUD shooting at circles and Xs on your screen could help improve the overall experience imparted. On a personal note, please consider some type of tracking for the sword so that you are not simply using a point blank melee attack that would be viable on maybe 1 out of 100 targets in the game."
76561198056163631,Recommended,257030,24149141,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,olcon,"You're basically piloting the Strike Freedom.If you think that's awesome, buy this game!If you think Jesus Yamato should've died at the bottom of the ocean like the aim-botting, godmoding degenerate he is, know that I agree with you whole-heartedly, and think you should buy this game!If you're a UC pureblood and think all alternate Gundam universes are utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ know that there are Char references out the ♥♥♥♥ing wazoo, so you should buy this game!If you have no clue what I'm talking about and came here because you heard the game played like Armored Core: For Answer, know that you're correct, and you should buy this game!If you have no clue what I'm talking about and came here because you heard the story had Zone of the Enders vibes, know that you're correct, and you should buy this game!If you don't care about any of that nonsense and just want an incredibly fast-paced aerial third-person shooter full of autotargeting micromissiles, laser sword, railguns and altitude changes faster than you can say ""these Gs I'm pulling right now would probably send my brain flying out of the back of my ♥♥♥♥ing skull"", know that your money would be well spent, so you should buy this game!If you think all mecha is♥♥♥♥♥♥and just came here for whatever reason, know that I pity you and think you've been missing out on a whole lot of cheesy-dialogue-filled awesomeness, and want nothing more than for you to expand your horizons. So buy this game!"
,Recommended,257030,19327842,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,zakufa782,"I feel like I'm back to the good old days with awesome mecha games on PS2/3.Now they have Japanese voice patch with some great cast, great!"
,Recommended,257030,15698578,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,"Sam in ""Trapped on Mobile!""","I bought this game expecting Armored Core type stuff, I got Gundam and ZOE.Buy this game, it's a good Early Access!"
76561198178699807,Not Recommended,257030,35294237,Posted: 29 September,all,faruq9854,"WARNING: this is NOT a negative review, this is more like buy guideThere are 4 kind poeple who play Mech/Mecha games:People who like fast Mecha gamesPeople who like deep custumizing their Mecha where every weapons and parts effecting their machine in good or bad waysPeople who like Both 1 and 2People who simply like control a Giant Death MachineI'm the 3rd kind guyMany people say this game like Armored Core(The 3rd kind games) but it isn't, The game play like Armored Core 4 but the lack customization didn't live up to those many people describe.But if you the 1st or 4th kind of people this game is for you"
,Recommended,257030,19013572,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Raikuso,"I really like this game. It reminds me a lot of Armored Core: For Answer and a couple Gundam games like A.C.E. This is an early access game so this review will change depending on the updates given and such.You move incredibly fast and are completely free to move where ever you choose making combat very fast paced and hectic. Lock-on makes these skirmishes easier but the problem for me is that it makes it way too easy to kill opponents. Like, I know the Guardians during that prison escape mission are just amateurs in mechs but the moment you lock on, they pose little to no challenge to kill. Even on harder difficulties, anything on the same level as those mechs or even a tiny bit higher are just easy to destroy. This also means the first like 30 waves in Survival are way too easy. Fun mechs to fight against were the terminators and strikers. Tough and fast opponents, durable and have a better chance to actually hit you. The aces (the red ones, I hope they are called that) are very fun to fight against, they are even tougher and it's difficult to take them down especially when there is at least 3. They come in fast and will dodge most of your attacks. They keep you on your toes and make it hard for you especially when they get some fodder to back them up. I don't know if this is actually a thing but I feel like funnels in this game don't come back to you. They just stay in the field in till they get destroyed. Especially when you get another chance to shoot out more funnels, there can be a ♥♥♥♥ing LOT on the field. I personally think it should be that the funnels return to you rather than just swarming the field with them, however they do get destroyed rather quickly against tougher mechs so It really evens out unless there are only weak mechs which there are barely in later missions.Maps and the mechs look rather pretty and the maps differ from ruined cities, floating colonies, just an open sky etc. The mechs are pretty cool. I don't personally like the sword because it doesn't make you lunge forward so I end up awkwardly clicking my middle mouse to try and hit something with it because I find the animation for it to be rather lacking. Only thing I could possibly say about the maps are that I hate the ones that take place inside colonies. You move so fast and since the camera can just clip through a building sometimes, it gets rather frusturating.Regardless of the map and mechs sometimes, mission are quite enjoyable. It might get repeitive here and there but I have no problems with that. The only problem I actually have with the missions are that it lacks any narrative. Sure there is a debriefing in the beginning but I didn't know what was going on. Russians appeared out of nowhere and a bunch of dialogue happened but I had no idea who was who or what they were trying to do. So I assumed it was a mix-up then the protagonist said something (note, this was like the 5th mission) and I was completely surprised he said something because I didn't hear him talk in till now. However, he could have said something but the story felt so boring with really dull characters that I just probably didn't care. I don't even know why half these battles even start or even why Russia is fighting the US! Don't know why Bangkok got attacked by the US. What the missions need is when the moment the mission starts, give me a timestamp, tell me who I am, whose side I am on and during the debrief, tell me why this is happening because the mission before the Yukon one, I was suddenly Andei who never showed up in till then.Overall, I'd give the game maybe a 6 or 7. The game itself gets carried by it's gameplay because of how fun it is. It really lacks in the story element because it lacks charm and a good narrative. However, it is still being developed and I will keep an eye on it since I really like these mech games. Hopefully it will constantly improve and get better. Do I recommend this game? Yes, I really do if you've ever played and really enjoyed an Armored Core game and maybe even a gundam game. If you haven't played either, I'd say stay away from this game in till it gets further developed or it goes on sale. (Highly doubt that). On a personal note, I'd love to make a custom mech, bonus points if that is ever considered."
76561197970424978,Recommended,257030,12807484,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Patrick Swayze,"Take a smidgen of Armored Core, A dollop of Ace Combat, light seasoning of Macross and mix heartily... that get's you Project Nimbus, possibly the best mech game to ever grace Steam at this moment in time, never mind early access.After a brief tutorial I was dropped in a map and spaghetti was hitting the fan. Missile swarms and tracer fire filled the sky around me while mechs danced and fell through the air in duels with one another. Immediately my palms were sweaty and a huge smile filled my face.Finally after a decade or at least since that level on FEAR 2 somebody had made a decent mech game on PC.9/10. BUY IT!!Note: does require a little optimzation yet, but there are a lot of detail presets so even if you have a toaster it should be worth getting.P.S. Also, you get 'funnel' drones too, which are hella cool!"
76561198054202016,Recommended,257030,13101626,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Kaisus Trin,"Played this game for an hour and 18 minutes. One of the most intense combat playthroughs for an hour and 18 minutes I've ever had.Pros-+Controls are fantastic+Superbly fast-paced combat, keeps you on the edge of your seat+Gameplay itself was grandCons--Story was hard to follow because too absorbed into executing maneuvers against high-speed opponents like myself-Riddled with inaccurate subtitles-Short. I know its early access, but there's only, what, three more, four more acts? I suggest multiplayer, or create an option for a free roam worldAll in all, I'd give this game a 7/10, and a recommendation to play if you enjoyed Armored Core."
,Recommended,257030,15040082,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Fidget,"Oh my god, I have never seen such an amazing mash up of elements from different mecha games combined into one beautiful fetus. It takes things left and right from ZOE, Armored Core, and other Gundam games, and I love it. It's uber fast paced and requires the player to make use of all of his/her assets to win a skirmish, plus MECHA BULLET TIME :O"
,Not Recommended,257030,22783213,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,GL1TCH3D,"ARMORED CORE FANSThis game may or may not meet your needs.The first thing is, there's no customization in this game. You get the default Mech for the mission. There's no customizing your mech for specific missions and customizing your mech to your playstyle here.The second thing is that it took me 2-3 hours to complete the current storyline to the end (act1+2) but from the menu it looks like there will be another half to the game.Instead of Armored Core where you actually have ammo, everything is infinite here and you just keep spraying until everything dies. It's closer to a 3D bullet hell.Another thing that struck me is that you're playing more than one story at the same time. You might be a US colonel in one mission and change to a Russian lieutenant in the next mission and of course with this comes a change of your mech every time.Since it's still in beta I would not recommend purchasing this, not yet anyway.Some of the voice actors don't seem to fit for me. Also some of the lines themselves feel really out of place for a supposed military campaign.Bugs: a couple of the voice actors don't match the lines / subtitles writtenIf you complete certain objectives at the same time you can activate multiple sets of dialogue at the same time from the same characters which is confusing.On the prison mission I managed to phase out of the wall early on in the mission and was able to skip right to the end of the M1 section of the mission without really doing anything...Most of the AIs also can't track you if you're just moving horizontally very quickly.The Air force 1 ship is very odd to watch in terms of the movements and the random direction changes.OVERALL: Please note that this is an early access review and I will revisit this as updates come out.Personally for a mech game I really would have liked to see mech customization (not necessarily on the level of Armored Core) but otherwise the movement and gameplay is entertaining.The difficulty ramps up fast to the point where it ends up feeling closer to a bullet hell while you're zipping through the map. Just about every enemy can be killed by just locking on, spinning around them while hitting your booster regularly and cycling through your weapons unloading everything."
,Recommended,257030,12856437,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Elosacle,"Although it is raw and unfinished, I can say with %100 certainty that the team behind this game is onto something great! I like the ariel mech combat as it is intense and exciting, and it keeps that excitement throughout the entirety of each mission. One thing about the campaign, however, is that some of the weapons make one of the mechs the player pilots feel too overpowered (I played it on ""Gamer Recommended"") and it seems like some of the other battleframes, as they're called in the game, could use a variety of weapons besides MGs and missiles. I would have liked the ability to remap my own controls, but will hold out hope that it will be done in the future.In survival and campaign mode, I think that some more optimization and some more stability are in order. One of the times that I played in survival mode, my battleframe was unable to return to the fray because I couldn't tell where it was pointed, which leads me to believe that some of the textures were meant to be boundaries, like the sky texture. In campaign, every time I clicked the mouse in the menu, the game would unpause for a split second, then would remember that it's supposed to be paused. Multiple and repeated clicks garnered the same result. Another thing is that being able to customize battleframes would be a huge plus for this game especially in survival mode or something that can be saved for ACT II, when you make it. Besides the gripes, I can see myself having quite a bit of fun with this game for a while!UPATEWhen the optimization came, it completely changed the game! Now things play like they were ""supposed"" to and the experience (while I dicked around in survival with everything besides Mirai) almost makes it feel like a new game.  I may have to play through the campaign again."
76561197993225309,Recommended,257030,12874451,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,PoofWoof,"There's not a lot of content yet, but even right now flying your mech through the sky feel fantastic, so I am really excited and optimistic for the future of this game."
,Recommended,257030,27721351,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ghirock43,"The emodiment of a mech anime, as a bonus that doesn't promise gameplay you can't do (via pre-rendered gameplay).Think of a mix between Macross and Gundam if you need specific examples in terms of action.  In terms of tone I felt like it was more Gundam than Macross.If you want an 08th MS team sort of feel look elsewhere.But if you want to feel like a Newtype complete w/funnels soaring through the sky at high speeds and taking down swarms of enemy combatants in your Mech this is for you.This game won't hold your hand and has a definite understanding of pacing.  The individual chapters even feel like episodes of an anime.Regularly updated and the Devteam communicates often about the course of the game.  The English VO and text launcher also has a Thai languange option.  As well as, Japanese VO and text in a seperate launcher if that interests you.If you grew up playing Armored Core and watching Gundam like I did I'm confident that I can recommend this game for you and you'll enjoy it as much as I have."
76561198040053370,Recommended,257030,15960185,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Bjorn the Fell-Handed,"Very glad I supported this game from its Kickstarter campaign, to what it is now, and to what it will become.  These developers really believe in their dream and are striving to make it even better, so I think the best is yet to come.  Epic graphics, awesome flight mechanics, kick♥♥♥♥♥weapons, and many more things that make this game a excellent addition to your collection."
,Recommended,257030,34406374,Posted: 21 August,all,Bearded Jehuty,"Part of me wants to freak out and fervently recommend this game because it feels like Zone of the Enders, but that does not do the game justice.I really enjoy it, but there is a roughness that could easily turn people off. It has full voice acting, but it is not the greatest. The gameplay is very fun, but the difficulty usually swings between the extremes of easy and hard, without spending too much time in that middle sweet spot.Despite that though, there is a certain passion that draws me in. The game is still actively being developed, and I’ve seen the devs in the forums, taking feedback about balance and gameplay to implement in the next patch.Also it feels like Zone of the Enders."
,Recommended,257030,12813956,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Cotton,"Take a number of the mecha animes you know, and mix it together with some mecha video-games you've played: Gundam, Evangelion, Z.O.E., the Armored Core series. Now put it all on a computer and you've got Project Nimbus.It's impossible to lie that this game is early access, like... Released a day ago as of this review. Bugs happen, the campaign progression is a mess, and you'll probably run into the standard hilarious glitch or two. That being said, the gameplay itself is solid. The mech variety is interesting, because they all actually feel different and aren't just skins for you to shoot weapons out of. The standard grunt suits are slow and have a varied weapon variety, while high-performance frames are agile and deadly with their specialized loadouts. The S47 in particular is a favorite of mine.The biggest gripe I have about this game is the voice-acting. I hate to say it, but I honestly think GameCrafter could have done without letting their backers voice their own ace pilots on the Kickstarter. It's very hard to follow along with the story for the game, and I'm practically through the first Act already. The camera can be a bit clunky with the speeds your mech goes at, and while I know multiplayer isn't on the menu, the game could really have benefited from letting players blast each other apart in small deathmatches.That being said, it looks nice, plays well for early access, and I hope to see a number of optimizations in the future to make Nimbus even better."
76561198093462029,Not Recommended,257030,25886444,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Bozich,"It's really tough, because there is so much about this game to like.  It can be fun to channel your inner mecha, and I haven't found a good fix for that in a while.  However, this is not that game.  Yet. The biggest issues come from the story, which is complete nonsense, and the game gives you very little reason to care about the characters you play as, which jump around from faction to faction with as little transition as possible.  It seems like there is something there that could be interesting, but at the moment it's just a handful of anime action tropes loosely tied together with some (poorly translated and acted) opening briefing. As for the game-play, many of the Armored Core games were criticized for their cumbersome controls and uneven difficulties.  This game suffers from both these and worse.  It's not as though the controls are bad necessarily, it's more that you find yourself very unsure of whether going left or right, or up or down really makes much of difference is the grand scheme of ""I should probably keep moving so I don't get hit"". This game feels really really Alpha-y, and that's disconcerting for a game that has been in development for 3+ years.  I'm going to go get my money back, and hopefully Project Nimbus proves me wrong and I come back and repurchase it in a couple years for it's compelling and tactical game-play and gripping and cohesive plot...  But I'll believe it when I see it. Sorry."
,Recommended,257030,22716330,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,RX-78 NT-1,"So far I've seen Mithril from F.M.P, Funnels and a red mech thats faster than all the others from Mobile Suit Gundam, Combat similar to that of Armored Core 4 Answer, and a dual cockpit system which reminds me of Zegapain.It really doesn't get better than this.Now if there was ground combat similar to Votoms, then I'd be Museru.A.I does need some tweaking; I've seen Air Force 1 do a 180 on a dime, and carriers bug into orbital elevators."
,Recommended,257030,19727749,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Kurokai,Z.O.E. + Gundam + Armored Core = Project Nimbus = AWESOME ! ! !
76561198050935191,Recommended,257030,17122410,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,NathanielRyanJones,"So I've only so far played this game for forty minutes, so these are just my first impressions here keep in mind, but so far I really, really, really like this game, except for some glaring flaws. Now, I know this is still in Early Access, and probably/maybe/hopefully/I pray these flaws will be fixed soon enough as the game develops, but until they're eliminated entirely, they're still something to keep in mind and be wary of.THE GOOD:Project Nimbus is something I've wanted for a very, very long time: an Armored Core for the PC. Now, it's not a real Armored Core, obviously, but this game plays like one of my favorite missions in Armored Core: For Answer that it's really hard to care. Another thing about this game that I really like is that, unlike with so many games that involve a lot of arial combat, in this your movement is almost perfectly unrestricted. Inertia does make a mess of things at times, and with how fast your mech moves it becomes rather unwise to stay close to buildings, but on the whole these are small issues once you get into things. Another thing I really liked was the bullet time button. I don't actually know what the game calls it (again, 40 minutes), but with a button you can temporarily slow down time to take note of your surroundings, change weapons quickly and smoothly, set off emergency escapes, or make effective use of the missiles despite the .00353 femtanosecond window for lock-on. The last thing I liked, one that I always rank least important but still quite deserving of mention here, is that this game is simply gorgeous! Yes, the modling on the mech isn't always perfect (like the tacked-on look of the wings), but the textures and visuals on the game field and such are beautiful, and it makes the absolute chaos that is a close range firefight come alive in a way I haven't seen in ages, if ever.THE BAD:As mentioned, this game is still in Early Access, so hopefully these things will be remedied soon enough, but there are quite a few issues with it that cause quite a bit of strain. First, foremost, and King of the Mountain on things that cause problems is that the game has enough optimization issues to fill a novelette. At least, I'm assuming that they're optimization issues, because otherwise this thing just naturally chugs twice the data of an unmodded Skyrim and runs worse than Skyrim with a full 346 mods on it. I'm packing a mid-range Alienware from 2014, and while this thing -can- run it at graphics settings above Medium it becomes unplayable due to framerate issues. Even at Medium it seems to have constant issues with the framerate and the drop in quality is quite steep as you move down the ladder, to the point that I just get distracted by all the beauty I'm -not- seeing. Another thing that irks me about this game is that ever-dificult problem child of 3D games, the camera. For most things the camera is actually quite good, able to allow you to manuver in 3D with very few issues at all, but the moment you wind up in an enclosed space then you have some rather major problems, problems only made worse if, for some reason, you happen to be using the blade (like in the first part of the second mission, by requirement). Another flaw, one that I find in an anoyingly large amount of games, is that the controller support isn't getting as much attention as it needs. That's not to say that the controller support itself has too many issues, the only big one I noticed being that switching weapons was a task and a half, but the game makes the not-terrible decision to introduce a significant portion of new controls mid-battle, and none of them are shown as controller buttons, making me figure out exactly what button is supposed to correspond to the blade (R3, by the way) and what button is this new weapon mapped to. Lastly, the menu has this annoying thing where, with a controller at least, your cursor just drifts about slowly rather than actually moving between options. It's not as big a complaint as the others, but I still feel it needs mention. These are the biggest flaws I can think of for now, but I know there's more.VERDICT:I like this game. It's slick, fun, and (when I decide looks beat gameplay) very, very pretty.The developers have obviously put a lot of work into this, and it shows quite well. There are flaws and bugs, yes, but time (and money) will (hopefully) smoothe things out, and even with the issues present it's still a very nice game. One worth far more of your money than, say, Lichdom Battlemage (not bitter)."
,Recommended,257030,12812819,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Fried Dumplings,"This Indie Mech game is very fast paced, reflex testing and outrageously great game. The lock on system towards multiple enemies displays its fast paced mechanism to keep the players on their toes when facing multiple adverseries. Highly recommend this game, it also reminds me of GUNDAM alooooooooot, the variety of mech suits available is epic, sly little humour in the graphics settings as the highest graphic setting ""Graphic card melt down""."
,Recommended,257030,31281237,Posted: 21 April,all,wizkid55,"Oh my God this game kicks so much♥♥♥♥♥ and it's not even finished yet! I love this game. One thing, though. I hope they make a coop mode for this once they've released all the missions. Coop mode, and maybe a mode where you can pick your own battleframe for previously completed missions or something. Whatever they do, it's gonna be awesome!"
,Recommended,257030,35235825,Posted: 26 September,all,Elemhunter,"Decent budget mech game if you're itching for a lite Armored Core/Zone of the Enders-style game. It looks like you can choose what level to play at any time, so you can go back and switch the difficulty if you need to. The normal difficulty is actually pretty easy, so I would recommend putting it on Die mode (except for the escort missions - screw those, your friendly NPCs will always be slaughtered too fast).Graphic options are nonexistent - it just says ""low - medium - high - very high - GPU melt"", with no indication of what changes. Even with GPU Melt turned on, it seems like the game doesn't have V-Sync. So, you might have to force VSync in your GPU panel. Also the game can lag like crazy during bossfights, even on the minimum settings with a good rig. The boss fights can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥because of how fast they are.Multiple-perspective storyline. There are audio tapes between missions that give a bit of backstory. I can't tell if there are story consequences yet if you're too slow to blow something up or protect something, but I don't want to spoil anything. Maybe I should go back and try certain missions again to see. Game is fast and fairly fun with you spamming missiles, dodging missiles, and strafing enemies, though flying in the Jet mode is a bit awkward. Overall a decent way to spend $11-$15 for a few hours.If you're an Armored Core fan and you're wondering about customization -- there is none. You're given pre-determined mechs for each story mission. The plot itself is completely forgettable (and a bit too recognizable, if you've played certain other games). Overall 6/10."
,Recommended,257030,35237630,Posted: 27 September,all,MOE#KAWAII,"The one and only working, succesfull, air to air, mech combat, with various of mech with different of weapon and defensive system to choose from in wave mode, story mode is amazing, COCKPIT view in mech is a thumbs up, good audio,main menu screen is like one of those tracks from Hiroyuki Sawano.I mean, too much pros to name and i don't even bother looking at the cons anymore.Get it, the game is worth it, its the only MECH game on steam that actually LOOKS ANIME-ISH."
,Recommended,257030,12809253,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,*woof*,"Very rough right now, but what's there shows great promise. I shall be keeping a close eye on this one."
,Recommended,257030,19946130,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Scaithe,"I scoured the wastes of the internet for fast-paced indie mecha shooters, until finally, I came across this wonderful masterpiece. Project Nimbus, The game where rather than being stuck to the ground in a giant robot, you are soaring through the sky in a giant robot, not having to worry even a little bit about gravity restricting you! A game where you have complete control over your movement. The mechanical designs are charming and unique, and the equipments of each Battleframe are fun to use. The Campaign has decent voice acting, a good plot, and unique locations, and Survival is fantastic for those who want to test their skills with all the different Battleframes!My only issue is with display settings, and how you can't change each one individually. I want to play the game at high, just without the crazy bloom effects and huge particle overload. If this could be changed to where you have more control over how you want the game to look, It would greatly improve the game. Highly recommended for fans of Armored Core, Zone of the Enders, or Macross!"
,Recommended,257030,13606350,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Porpor,"I've been hoping to find something similar to the Armored Core series on PC since their releases on PS3, especially For Answer.Even for its Early Access state, Project Nimbus presents quite well with some very intense gameplay in the first act.-Both the story and survival mode take you through a fair mech variety, and learning the weapons and controls is fairly easy thanks to earlier missions introducing the mechanics.-As of reviewing, I haven't found any sort of part customization. Considering you play as specifically customized battleframes, I can understand. Yet, features such as interchangable parts and weapons would be great to see.-Sound design, music, and atmosphere are all excellently done with only a few encountered instances of voice actors talking over each other.-The storyline for the first act feels just a bit condensed and hard to follow.The experience for me was more short and sweet. For what I got, it very much exceeded what I expected of an Early Access title, particularly in the combat itself."
76561198033879513,Recommended,257030,12908742,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,FDGod,One of the best mech games I have played. Personally I am a gundam fan and has been looking for mech games for a while now. This satisfies my needs.Would be great if a p.v.p mode was added.
,Recommended,257030,35250419,Posted: 27 September,all,SuperJedi,"I have been very surprised by this little gem. I've always enjoyed mecha games. Steel Battalion, Front Mission, Armored Core. But this game... is none of them.A labor of love by a small developer, this game has its flaws.Cinematics and voice acting catch some flak, but these are minor details in the grand scheme.This story is incredible. I'll admit it requires some attention to detail to pick up the nuances. Such as character names or their role in the story. But picking up all the pieces makes a very good puzzle that comes together.This games tests your reflex and visual tracking. So there will be times that you get frusterated at the difficulty. Given some practice and a little determination, getting good takes only a little time.It isn't a game for everyone, but mecha fans should find plenty of fun in this well kept secret."
76561198031759735,Recommended,257030,12834733,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,christian1313691,"This game is the answer to my prayers. The combat is so smooth and fast paced. Not a lot of good mecha games out there, but this is what I have been waiting for, story seams ok so far but its too soon to tell, kind of reminds me of armor core in that aspect. Mech designs look good. The effects are good. I can't wait for the game to finish!"
76561198097632120,Recommended,257030,13741890,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,unevolvedchansey,"There are no more Ace Combat / Armored core games that are about being fast and fierce anymore. Project Nimbus is one of the last bastions of hope we have for games like that. It feels like you're playing in a Mecha Anime.Controls take a while to get used to, and feedback is lackluster with UI, but when it gets right down to raw air duels, it stops mattering. AI is solid to fight against, and your own mechs are quirked to make you play a little differently with them.Definitely worth the early access just for the survival mode."
,Recommended,257030,14234112,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Evy-chan,"Have you ever watched a mecha anime and said ""Damn. I wish I had one of those mechs.""? Well you dont have to wish any more because this game is all about piloting a mech. I would definitely recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,257030,29747881,Posted: 6 February,all,Part-TimeNecromancer,"This review is a little less of a gameplay review, and more a shout out to the devs. Thank you so much! I wanted to play this game VERY badly. I was having a crash everytime I launched it.  So, I messaged them on facebook - telling them my problem. I friended them on steam, and they got on teamviewer to help me! Super nice. The game works perfectly. Suffice to say, the gameplay is amazing, the controls are smooth. IT's very satisying, and I love the soundtrack.More people have to play this. Thumbs up to the devs again. Thank you."
,Recommended,257030,12817131,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ratata,"Not recommed YET.The game still has point of improvements so I don't regret supporting it with pre-purchase.I love Mechas, I love ACE combat series, I love Armored Core series, I love Zone of Enders, and of course GUNDAM!this game is a whole mix of mechas with beautiful graphics.the story telling is lttile disjointed and confusing... but can be improved.frame is quite choppy even with my gaming computer, better optimizations needed.modeling for mechs are great, but better modeling with projectiles would be nice (missile, beam, so on)else than these, this game would quench your thirsh about nice mecha game.Pros:nice graphicall in one Mechasfast pace action gameCons:disjointed story tellingchoppy frames (needs more optimization)"
76561198055624111,Recommended,257030,14360466,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Laser Kobold,"I finished the first act and I think this has a lot of potential. Firstly, I love the designs of the mechs; most of them could have been from Gundam and fit right in. Secondly, the story is solid (reminds me of gundam 00) so far. Third, the controls are feel of the game is great (you accelerate a bit too quickly in my opinion)  Lastly the game looks amazing.Although I like where this is going; however there's still a lot I'd like to see change. First off I think the over all combat from the player's perspective is way to simplistic: just lock on and circle strafe. The way I would fix this is by:Keeping lock on but only making it used for keeping the camera on them and for locking on with missilesMaking Manuel aiming easierMake the mechs accelerate slower and have give them more momentumSecond thing I would like to see is some customization with the mechs for example new colours or a different load outs. Thirdly the AI could definately be a bit more agressive especially on the harder difficulties. Finally more major allies and enemies to get attached to would go a long way."
,Recommended,257030,24104723,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Miphnificent!,"This is a review for an Early Access game, therefore opinions therein are subject to change and be edited as new updates roll out for the game. By all accounts this is not a final review of any form for the game, but instead a review of the current build, which will continually be updated per update, etc.Project Nimbus has managed to capture the seemingly difficult gameplay of the Armored Core series, and transfer it to the PC-verse. The game is fun, but immensely frustrating due to specific enemies. Let's go ahead and get on to the pros and cons, shall we?Pros:- Native Support of a large array of resolutions up to 2560x1440 (Also 2560x1080 with some fiddling here and there).- Extremely fast-paced and open-world combat, resulting in high speed shootouts and air brawls.- Very engaging soundtrack, with perfectly crafted music for intense fights, as well as moments within the story where you feel tasked with something almost insurmountable.- Stylish ""Battle Frames"" (Mecha), that potentially change per mission.- An interesting Storytelling aspect, where you change factions every few missions.- Relatively interesting Storyline, detailing the conflicts between several of the worlds leading factions.- Evolving Storytelling, and new story aspects as the game is being developed, such as newly fleshed out ideas, Audio Logs related to the Battle Frame Pilots conversing between one another in some missions, and so on.- Survival Mode is a breath of fresh air. Survival Mode allows you to select one of the many Battle Frames within the game that you may/may not be able to pilot during the normal storymode. Things such as the S47 Berkut, and Col. Andei's Customized Terminator make an appearance here, with the lower, non-overpowered Frames having very high score multipliers as compensation for their lack of utility skills/sheer main weaponry power.Cons (These may be due to the game being in Early Access, so my review will be edited as time goes on and the game progresses more).- Horrible support for controller, even though it's seemingly within the game. This is due to the games large amount of buttons required for gameplay, which work flawlessly on keyboard.- Maneuverability of Battle Frames leaves something to be desired. This game won't have you being killed by enemies most times, but instead due to wrestling with the clunky and lackluster maneuverability of the Battle Frame. Boosting doesn't provide enough distance, as well as there being no dedicated dodging left, right, forward, or back, thus resulting in you using your primary acceleratory boost to dodge in specific directions, which does not work well whatsoever. Prepare for an incoming runthrough of running into objects, not being able to descend correctly, and so on.- Flares don't work. There are moments where Flares (Designed to divert enemy missiles) will work, and times where they will not. Letting enemies launch missiles directly at me within the game, popping flares and then dodging in the same situation every time will result in the flares working about 20% of the time to draw enemy missiles, however in some early missions they seem to work almost flawlessly.- The inability to customize Frames before departing on a mission (In the story), this seems on purpose, however a very large aspect of Mecha brawlers is the customization, allowing players to take on tasks that they otherwise would not be able. Luckily there's an array of weapons at your disposal on MOST Battle Frames.- Sword Combat is extremely flawed in that it only propels you forward, not towards an enemy in any way even when locked on, which a game like this in an open-world 3D environment requires.- Internal/External object collision. Once more, this goes hand in hand with the maneuverability aspects, resulting in indoor combat being a hot mess.Overall, for the Early Access version of the game, I'd give it a 7/10. It's missing polish, and some control tweaks, but it's satiated that mecha brawler craving I've had ever since I stopped playing Armored Core: Verdict Day.New edit:+ Another Con:Playing through the game on a harder difficulty on some of the easier missions, I've found out some very silly ""balancing"" that the game devs have seemingly done. Shots from long distance fire in Act III Mission 2: Electronic Warfare seem to have hitboxes 4x the size of their actual physical proportions, destroying you with ease, atop my previous cons listed, the game devs do not seem to understand how to balance the game, so they have made the games mechanics extremely laughable in certain instances. Yamato Fortress is a newly added level which has mechanics which make no sense. Each railgun turret within the level has perfect tracking and accuracy of the player vehicle, as well as being able to target you at all times behind structures and so on, as well as their projectiles having a hitbox larger than their projected physical entity, making it difficult to judge whether you have dodged them or not.Essentially, TL;DR: Extreme balancing issues in some parts of the game which need to be addressed, even on harder difficulties."
,Recommended,257030,23705090,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,min473,You can't imagine how much i waited to get a game like this on computer.Extremely fast paced combat that will make you sweat like crazy even at easy difficulty.Good story with well designed character.Amazing mecha design.The camera could be improved tho.I'm in love with this game.I regret nothing.1000/10.
,Recommended,257030,12809040,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,O'Dande Freud,"Definite Recommend so far.  Note, these are my thoughts after the first hour of playing the game, and I will add more as I play more.The overall gameplay was amazing and if you've always wanted an amazing mech combat game with multi weapons at your disposal per fight/scenario, this is YOUR game.  The controls were somewhat easy to pick up within the first 10 minutes of gameplay, and the tutorial is extremely useful.  The first few campaign missions are also great because they enforce what you learn in the tutorial, step by step, as well as establish a great story.However, as for some possible downsides, I personally felt a that up to beating the first enemy mech boss, the game was somewhat 'easy'.  Of course, that's just me.  There are no customizations or multiplayer yet, everything is single player.  For survival mode, you have a number of Mechs to choose from (each are based on your/enemy boss's Mechs) and you don't even need to do the campaign to have access to them.  However, I don't think you have the choice to choose for the campaign.The feel to the game was great and the graphics were fine.  Note that there were occasional frame drops from 50 to like 5 when many enemies spawned (15+), but that's understandable right?  Being only this far in development and having such quality, I still think this game is a MUST BUY if you've been wanting something like this since you were a kid.  The game is also ~1gb, so downloading this is pretty quick.Edit:Note - I do feel like the combat is somewhat easy, spammy, and repetitive now, but my opinion barely changes from the fact that it is a pretty good game nonethelessEdit 2 (as of December 3, 2015):This game has been consistently updated since it's initial release and it looks even more amazing now than before. I haven't played it yet except for ~2 months back but it was definitely a lot harder than the spam-everything-and-win gameplay style because I tried that and died pretty often lol (or maybe I'm just not that great of a spammer anymore).  I can see that if you put just like.... 30 minutes to try and learn to get around an obstacle in the game, you'll easily pass it, showing that it's not impossible.  The game is also a lot more fun, but since it's harder it can be a bit more frustrating though that's not a problem at all since that just means you have a challenge to beat :)Still a recommend and must-buy"
76561198164569570,Recommended,257030,19268675,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Sonicfanx1,"This review is now out VERY out of date.-----To the Developers of the game, this review is going to be very sarcastic, almost a parody of a review, but all my points are real.  To everyone else + Devs, enjoy.  I'll try to make it as humorous as possible.P.S. (After Review): Despite the crap I'm about to give this game, make no mistake, this is a GREAT game.  I'm just listing off all the bad points.  I still highly recommend it despite the flaws.---This game has many successes yet many faults.  Despite that, it's still a worthwhile game to get.  Don't worry developers, the faults are mostly just plot issues.  MOSTLY.  Like how I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on half the game (please excuse my use of profanity, but I just wanted to make that clear).But we'll get to that later.  So, what is Project Nimbus?  Well, I'll tell you what it is: It's a game.  A mech game.  A very fast paced Mech game, faster than Armored Core, faster than Blazblue, faster than all those Dragon Ball Z Budokai Tenkaichi games.  Suffice to say, this is a VERY fast paced game.  Players of the Armored Core franchise will feel right at home as there is bullets, missiles and mechs EVERYWHERE trying to kill you, but you have bros!  Don't worry about them, they die just as quickly as the rest.Sarcasm aside, this shares many traits from the Armored Core games, mainly in mobility and certain weaponry.  The spacebar (default) will be your best friend.  It does everything from make you boost in all 3 dimensions (unless you're using the mouse and keyboard, then it's like...18 different directions).  You have a boost bar on the left hand side.  The game doesn't do a good job at explaining the UI so you'll have to learn from trial and error.  Speaking of UI, you better like the color green because THAT'S GOING TO BE THE UI...FOR THE ENTIRE GAME, well, entire as in...as far as this early access goes.Now, gameplay...right gameplay...It's very repetitive.  Technically speaking, it's very, very repetitive.  It's mainly, go here, destroy that, go there, destroy that, try not to get shot down, oh you got shot down?  Well checkpoints SUCK.  You'll have to do that entire portion all over again until you see your screen cut to black and your health is back at 100%, then you'll know you have a checkpoint, but I digress.  The game, in all honesty, is repetitive.  Although I do NOT know how you can fix that, I'll let it slide because the gameplay is FUN.  I mean balls deep fun.  I'm just talking about the campaign gameplay though.  The campaign is fun.  The world is enticing despite the DESTINY LEVELS OF LORE THEY GIVE YOU.  WHAT?  WHO?  WHERE?  I HAVE SO MANY QUESTIONS!  The campaign has that Armored Core feel to it, and you can tell from the gameplay that they took a lot of inspiration from Armored Core.  That also means they decided to take pointers from the same game and make the story nearly undecipherable.  Nearly.  Most of the time, they throw you into a new character every 3-4 missions.  On occasion they'll let you stick with these main characters, AKA: The ones with the cool mechs.Throughout the game, you'll have two, maybe three main weapons, but the first two are most consistant: The Minigun (10mm I think it was called) and the lock on missile launcher.  Better get good at those two because they're the ones you're going to be using the MOST.  Why?  Because they have the fastest reload time.  You see, the time the game gives you the best mechs: Psycho Gundam and White Glint...I mean this Purple one and Mirai (Future in Japanese), LOOK THEY DON'T TELL YOU THE NAME OF THE PURPLE ONE OKAY (except in Survival, but I'm too lazy to memorize it)!  So, White Glint and Psycho Gundam have SIX WEAPONS.  The minigun, missile launcher, sniper, smart missile, funnel/Psycho Drones and Sword.Now, throughout the entire game, you'll be playing as either a Russian or a PMC...or was it an American Air Force team...?  I don't know, I think they're PMC.  Anyways, you'll be playing as a PMC or a Russian and you fly around either defending a place by shooting down Gundams and Fighter Jets or you'll be attacking a group of enemies by shooting down Gundams and Fighter Jets.  Beware though, there are these ""Ace Pilots"" that have better mechs and more accurate weapons!  They rival your mech in speed and durability and are VERY hard to hit.  Throughout the game, you will only get two (arguably 3 if you count the Sonic 06 speed attachment, you'll see after boss #2) which is basically this really annoying Mech and a team of 4 mechs (Black Knights) that will KICK YOUR♥♥♥♥♥  Despite Boss 2 being a pain, it is quite fun to play through.  I ended up spamming Sword to follow a few mechs and when I was close enough, I gunned them down with my minigun.It's at times like this when the game shows it's true colors.  It's too far in between however since most missions will have you play through just stock enemies/cannon fodder.  Basically, you're given the same set of enemies over and over again and I can't blame them for not knowing how to add more variety when you have a game like this.  However, they seem to just throw a controled amount of enemies at you, so little (on normal) that it seems like a joke since you can one hit with your Sniper Rifle.  Combined with the fact that you have allies, quite a lot of them too, it makes the game feel like a joke most of the time.  The AI also seems to get stuck in building cities.  They're too busy dodging that they don't know how to fly up to get out of their pit of doom.Now, onto my major concerns: the STORY.Believe it or not, THERE IS A STORY!  What is it?  I don't know, something to do with terrorists and a huge misunderstanding.  The game does somewhat of a good job at this, letting you play through crutial plot points that unfold the story, usually as a grunt pilot and that somehow has the capability to own ace pilots.  Other than that, all that background information is not explained at all.  There are only 3 things I know about the world: War Broke Out, Flood Happened on 80% of Earth, We're Now in flying cities.  We don't know ANYTHING else.  Main plot?  Terrorists and Misunderstanding!  That's it.  No character development.  You feel NOTHING for these characters.  I don't know what ANY of them look like, except for 2 (because we get anime portraits yay!).  Most characters are forgetable stock characters.  I'm not sure we even have a protaganist.  I hope we do and I hope it's a self insert.There are also no cutscenes.  So once you've completed your mission, you're thrown straight into another mission with a short intermission explaining a little background information (A LITTLE) and what you're supposed to do.  That's it.  We have no idea when there's a timeskip (though we definitely notice it) and we have no idea what's going on.Of course, there are ways to fix this.  The most expensive way would be to add cutscenes into the game.  Maybe a little character development to cute little Mirai.  The most time consuming way would be to turn this into a pseudo Visual Novel.  In all honesty though, I may prefer the latter if we have a skip-text option.  Continuing on the topic of story though, since the game is EVERYWHERE in it's story telling, we have no clear picture of a protagonist.  So far, we have Mirai (the human), Psycho Gundam's Pilot and a mech pilot with a Char Aznable inspired mech...also a guy you play as in mission 2 but he's like never mentioned again, though you KNOW you're playing as him when you're in the White Glint...I mean MIRAI (Mech).The lack of consticency is really annoying.  I can live with a new pilot every Arc, but every 2 missions?  No, no thank you.Now I do have more complaints, but I'm running out of characters to use.  Therefore, I'll end it here on a positive note:The game is GREAT.  Everything about it (gameplay wise) is extremely fun to play as.  However, the story and plot left me...wanting more...context I mean."
76561198071122118,Recommended,257030,15903066,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Liar,Expecting the full vision of this game~
,Recommended,257030,22739745,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,夜烏,"It's the one Mech game we need. While there was some minor flaws such as:- The lock on is wayyyy too ""effective"", if you know what I mean. LIke, it zooms in too much, so you can't actually look at yourself or anything besides you when locked on.- Some stage has a pretty stupid design of trapping this extremely fast-paced combat in tight spaces, resulting in extreme confusion and chaos.- The camera might be a lil' bit too sensitive.But excluding all of that, this game is awesome! GET IT NOW!"
,Recommended,257030,12809648,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,FallenDevil86,"I've been waiting this kind of game for years,finally it come to PC...Itano Circus Baby...Itano Circus !!! :p"
,Recommended,257030,18586032,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jump n' Shoot Oni,"So, I'm huge into mecha, I'm sure almost everyone who plays this are and I gotta say that this game is pretty mind-blowingly awesome for someone as picky as me. I've seen multiple reviews saying that it's an amazing combination of Ace Combat and Armored Core and I agree with that completely, and all the allusions to various mecha anime and such also totally get me on board with it in general.The controls are extremely responsive and well thought out, none of it seems difficult to use and it maps well to both keyboard and controller so there's no loss for anyone in terms of having to settle for one control over another. The graphics are really good and it runs really well, it doesn't seem to get bogged down or lose it's edge even in the middle of intense combat, so you can stay into it quite easily. The real shining point to me, though, is that there's actually quite a variety of mechs. Most games like this tend to skimp on the playable mechs, usually because it's hard to program this much stuff as an indie game I'm aware, but this game offers quite a selection. Also, as a Muv Luv fan, I like the fact that the mechs follow a similar basing on modern day aircraft as well.Really I have no honest complaints about the game, I like it quite a bit. I would like an online multiplayer and more mechs, sure, but I wouldn't list the either of those under a complaint. Besides, this is early access, so there's always time to add such things in. On that topic, also, this game is really, really good for an early access game, for the most part it's very well polished and set up and doesn't play like half a game."
,Recommended,257030,26495933,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,rjr_97,"came here to shoot stuff with mechs. didnt expect to be sucked into the story (because at the time it seems to be just a basis to shoot stuff), then the plot thickened.was not dissapointed. anxiously waiting for more. 9/10 reccomend."
,Recommended,257030,12944880,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Augurianius,"So much fun.Good controls, great arsenal so far, haven't found bugs but also haven't played it so much, just got to the mission where you break free from the prison with the... terrorist woman.IF you've played Zone of The Enders, play this game, if you've played dynasty warriors gundam then play this game, if you've played mechwarrior try this game, if you liked a mech game THEN PLAY THIS GAME, for this being an early access it's prett well done and I'm hoping for more good things from the developers."
,Recommended,257030,12934935,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Joe A.,"This game is exhilarating. It feels like I am playing an episode of Gundam Unicorn or Macross Zero. It is must-have for any mecha anime fans. Especially since Steam doesn't have Armored Core and Bandai refuses to release Extreme Versus in the US this game is very welcome in the marketplace.Fast-paced areial combat is largely unexplored in Steam's catalogue and as of now the Early Access for the title shows much promise. Story is a rather ho-hum reworking of themes from Gundam UC but given how accurate the combat is to the series, it is forgivable. Eventually once you start launching Funnels and flying through Itano Circuses you'll know this is a great experience.tldr: Insta-buy for fans of mecha anime."
76561197999423205,Recommended,257030,12885323,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,RisTanA,"Defintely Scratches that itch of a fast paced high octane mech game and really delivers on the thrill of intense mech combat. If you are a fan of Zone of the Enders, Gundam, Strike Suit Zero, Armored Core. or any fast paced mech genre, then this definitely worth picking up in its current stage.This game is currently in the very early stages of alpha and while it seriously lacks the full content of a completed game. It is a huge step in the right direction. The largest issue with the game is that it just is not yet completed, even so the gameplay is very solid, and flying the mechs looks and feels great.Judging this game as it currently is, I would rate it as follows.Early Access Alpha: 4/10+Ultra fun mech combat+Slow Mo bullet time really lets you enjoy the intense moments of combat+Great mech design (they look great)+Mechs feel very good to pilot, boosting and turning is smooth+Survival mode with a viariety of mechs to choose from+Exciting Sound Track+huge maps-Extreme Lack of content, seriously uncompleted game-Only 1 out of 4 acts are available-Survival mode gets lacks diversity-Low replayability outside of survival mode, not enough game modes-English Text has bad grammar at times-BugsNow while 4/10 may seem low, this is an uncompleted project that has the potential to kick some serious♥♥♥♥♥ Overall the game is really cool and I defintely recommend anybody who is interested in the mech genre to pick this up."
76561198029488735,Recommended,257030,13040904,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Maeglach,"Awesome game, great concept and so many weapons- railguns, missiles, more missiles, drones, machine guns all firing at the same time. Multitargeting system is awesome, and dodging seeking missiles while zooming in with close combat beam weapon is very cool!Don't have to love gundam to find this great, but it will help!"
,Recommended,257030,35252265,Posted: 27 September,all,BioPhreak,"This game is everything you ever wanted in a 'Gundam' style game. The graphics, controls, music, and story are all very well done. I want to see more games like this and of this quality from GameCrafterTeam. This game is 'HARDCORE'! BUY THIS GAME!!You can see a video of my first impressions of 'Project Nimbus' here ►https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQ0DJXhZkJg"
,Recommended,257030,19352942,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Velka,"Project Nimbus is an alright game.Set in a world where even the world doesn't like itself, humans live in floating cities due to the large amount of flooding and oceanic spreading that has covered much of Mother Earth.Except that's ♥♥♥♥ing boring so let's bring out some goddamn mechs.GameplayPilots utilize large robots called Battleframes to fly around the barren oceans of Earth and usually battle for various tactical reasons that I'm sure make more sense in the actual world. Project Nimbus delivers as a mech shooter, with a wide variety of mechs and missile spamming to make any player seem like they're the protagonist of the next edgy gundam series.Currently there's a campaign and survival mode. Campaign takes you through the eyes of various people, from an american mercenary piloting a japanese prototype (complete with waifu material voice acting by Amber Lee Connors) to a Russian ace pilot and his quirky female friend. Both have some interesting elements, such as ships or ace customs coming out, both good and bad.Survival mode gives you a neverending supply of enemies to shoot down. Pick any mech you'd like and fly through an open area, where it's just you, your missiles, and those AI enemies. Survive as long as you can, basic stuff.Combat is fairly satisfying. The wide variety of weapons, from automatic shotguns to funnels, can be utilized depending on which mech you have and everything sounds and looks great. Feedback on hits are obvious, with enemy parts wiggling, burning, and falling apart, and the entire game feels like it was designed by people who know what they're doing. Combat itself comes down to dodging and outdamaging your opponent. You attack via lock-on system, which essentially aims for you, making it forgettable and, admitedly, boring. But dodging is fairly fun, with boosting and quick sidedashes giving you a feeling of badassery.GraphicsThe game's graphics aren't exactly beautiful, but the bloom spam and fairly nice looking models do hide the game's ""2005 PS2 graphics"". Performance is about what you'd expect. With an old graphics card like mine (Nividia 260x) I still got a full 60 FPS on all but the missile-spammiest missions, which are very rare.Daijoubu desu ka?Who the ♥♥♥♥ cares it's a mech game that isn't complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ it might as well be a godsend for us mech fans.But really, it ain't too bad. It's Early-Access game, but it's an Early-Access game with some spirit. The developers are tough and responsive, and know what they're doing. I'd trust them with at least 30 dollars. Buy it, it'll be worth it if you're into the Mech genre."
,Recommended,257030,25187237,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Outsdarva,"First 45 Minutes: Game reminds me of a mix of armored core and Strike Suit Zero.THe game is fun and really simulates the hectic feeling of being in aerial dogfights. MY only qualm is that alot of times people in the game speak over eachother and makes it really difficult to understand just what the hell is going on. For a game still in early access I would have still payed full price for it's current state.Update: After playing this game I can give a good pro's and cons list:Pros:High Speed Aerial 3D combat is greatCharacters are interestingVareity of weapons allows for a multitude of appraochesStory is decent enoughHectic aerial dog fights can be super FunCons:Camera can be a bit buggyYou can spam funnels and trivialize the gameEveryone speaks over eachother so don't even bother listening to dialougeDifficulty is simulated by having an enemy you can't keep up with/shoot,being absurdly outnumbered, actual swarms of missiles, or in the case of 2 fights all of the above.My final Verdict: The game has a ton of potential and is really well done for an early access title BUT still has those EA kinks. If you're a fan of the Aerial part of AC4 definetely pick this up"
76561198044465976,Recommended,257030,28586976,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Martain,"For starters, the game looks AMAZING. Think ZoE but for AC Ravens.The gameplay is fast paced and fun but, a bit confusing at first. I recommend using a gamepad and HEAVILY remapping the buttons to suit your needs.The story, well, I honestly don't know. The plot and characters are portrayed entirely by audio logs with sometames badly mixed quality (I'm led to believe it gets better in the later chapters).If you have the cash to spend, go for it, but save your money if you don't want to take a chance."
,Recommended,257030,29341339,Posted: 18 January,all,Luna Ariadust,Best mech game that Come out on PC and i hope the New Cockpit View mode comes out soon i love this game and i will Tell my Friends its a Must have game
,Recommended,257030,18139661,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Dredrick,"I have a pretty solid ""No Early Access"" policy out of spite, but my ""Buy every mech game"" policy takes priority so I did grab this. If you want an action mech game this The closest thing I can find to Armored Core on PC. Been keeping an eye on it since it came out on Early Access. Development speed isn't blinding but it's consistent which is more than I can say for most EA games on steam.The gameplay is good. Controls are tight and there's some variety in different machines to pilot depending on the mission you're in. Generally the game does not feel feature-incomplete. Every level that was in the game when I played felt 90% done, they mostly seem to be focused on making new levels not to finish the campaign.Currently there's enough content for a couple of hours if you smash through it, or a few more if you take your time and explore all of what this game has to offer. There have been about 2 missions added since I last played so there's more content than when I played.Overall at the price point the game is not complete at all, and not ready for commercial sale. Everything here is good there's just not enough here. Buy this game if you love Mech games; want to see how this one goes and support the development. So far I haven't felt betrayed by the developers like I do almost every time I buy Early Access games. Once the game is finished and released as a complete game I will probably be at the top of the list of people telling you to buy it or go soak your head."
,Recommended,257030,12940073,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Rokiebottom,"it looks like every mech battle in anime, so damn fast paced"
,Recommended,257030,13869697,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Alucard_PhD,"Great game, great graphics, just a great idea in general. This game already has amazing gameplay and it's only just beginning. I can't wait to see where this game goes and what else can be added. Keep buying this game people, and improvements are sure to come!"
76561198000996657,Recommended,257030,35262253,Posted: 28 September,all,intotheshadows,"bought this game yesterday and i love it , the story is pretty standard but its more of a shooter than a story teller so i think the story fits quite well, the survival part of the game is great with 3 different difficultys, lots of battle frames to choose from depending on how hardcore you are, as of today i now hold the new highscore of 69495 completely smashing the already 33462 that was already the highscore, so if someone has the time and skill to beat me id love to see a new highscore to beat! :D , i highly reccomend this game even tho it isnt multiplayer, i hope multiplayer does become a thing in the future but for now its still a fantastic game, the frames tend to drop occasionally and becomes quite laggy once you end up with 30+ enemys on the field or objects but other than that the game is deffinetly a worthwhile buy :D"
,Recommended,257030,35269585,Posted: 28 September,all,Retroburn,"Enjoying the game so far.I played a bit of Armored Core back in the day and while this game can't quite match that, it's one of the few games here on Steam that scratches that itch.I can also see that the game has quite a handful of acts divided into several missions each. This coupled with a survival mode and varying degrees of difficulty, ensures you're getting a huge chunk of content.The developers are also very active and posts get answered almost immediately. That's a huge plus.Just a tiny nitpick: I wish this game has achievements and Steam cards. I'd like to have cards that depict the awesome mech designs they've made.It's not a Triple A game but the price is very low for the amount of fun you'll be having.I'll update this review once I finish the game and it proves to be a phenomenal experience (or drastically changes my initial observation)."
,Recommended,257030,23210876,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,HAN'NYA,"Pilot a Mechs with different capablitlies. Dream for all Mecha players.FLY, Evade enemy gun fire.Use Flares to escape missiles.Shoot missiles at enemy Mechs or Defensive Turrets.Cool game.http://store.steampowered.com/app/257030"
76561198138261117,Recommended,257030,17438594,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,HeavyFermion,"An aircombat game with mechs, very few mech games around these days.   What you see in the screen shots is what you get.  You take control of a mech and shoot down the enemies.Standard WASD controls for movement and mouse controls for angular poitioning of view seem to work well, space for boost so you can move faster. Movement is good enough as long as obstacles are not in the way(ie buildings or indoors), fortunitly there are very few indoor sections becasue movement controlls are not pollished enough for that as of the time of this writting, and it doesn't seem like the designers intend this to be like Armored Core, but rather closer to Zone of the Enders so as long as they keep the cramped areas to a minimum things will be fine.Combat is very simple. You look onto an enemy, empty everything you have into him until he dies, rinse and repeat, dodge via boost and drop flares to shake off missles launched by other enemies. Switch from one weapon to another when it needs to reload.The weapons are adequate for most enemies, machine guns for close range, missle for fire and forget, and rail gun for longer range sniping will be your bread and butter.  Most mission have a mech with funnels and a secondary missle, although they don't feel like they do anything(Maybe they do but if the player can't feel it this is a problem).  A few things make the weapons feel lacking. The sound design is one main issue here, the weapons are supposed to be large and attached to a massive mech. The sounds created when they fire should feel very very heavy.  I don't get that vibe from them.  Another problem which has been partialy addressed by a flashing ""hit"" button is that due to the high speed of everything involved and the sheer distance enemies are from you it is very difficult to tell if an enemy is hit by your attacks, which again could be fixed by proper sound design. I should both hear and feel the metal twisting and breaking when my railgun shot impacts an enemy, and the destruction of an enemy even more so.  I almost forgot there is an energy sword, but it is almost impossible to hit enemies with it. Everytime I take a swing I end up missing the enemy entirely( it is possible I am hitting the enemy and not realizing it, see my previous comments about sound design)The enemies themselves are another story.  Low level enemies can be brought down by the methods in the previous paragraph, and can feel somewhat satisfying to take down, again see the previous paragraph on the importance of sound design in a game.  The problem comes when very powerful and mobile enemies swarm you which feel like a chore to take down.  They can pretty much dodge almost everyhting you throw at them and it feels like they moving so fast and playing by a different set of rules than me. My machine gun feels useless, railgun ocasionaly connects, spamming missles seem to be the only good option but I feel like the game is taking away my options when I fight these enemies instead of allowing me to get creative with the tools given to me as the player. I can't help but wonder if a few tweaks to the AI, or improved aiming for your mech would solve this problem for the faster enemies so they don't feel invincible.  Becasue of this I can't recomend playing this on anything but the lowest difficulty setting. Enemy airships can be interesting and a nice boss fight, but they need to have a different move set and AI than mechs, right now I can see enemy frigates moving in ways that feel unnatural for a ship(ie moving verticaly upward or tilting themselve ar odd anlge that would be very uncomfortable for the crew of said ship), but would be quite natural for a mech.  End of act boss design seems promising, the large white mech you see in the trailer called the Patriot shows some potential and is very fun and satisfying to take down.  He starts out easy, as his health is depleated he starts throwing out more damaging attacks requiring you to keep up or die, and other than commiting the cardinal sins of infinity respawing enemies, and a time limit I give that fight an A+.Level design is a bit of a double edged sword. Some levels have no structure to give you a sense of distance, and even the ones with a large structure(space elevator, floating city, etc) to give you some sense of bearings feel like there is a lot of unused empty space. Too much cluter would slow me down.  The ultimate result is an inability to judge relative speed and distance to enemies/objects. Due to the large distance, and high speed you can't see the enemies which is a real shame since the designers went to a bit of trouble detailing the mechs and designing them. They should let us see them on screen with detail more than 10% of the time. They try to rectify this by a subwindow that opens showing a zoomed in semi tranparent view of the locked on enemy, but the animations and movement of the zoomed in enemy seem choppy, like it is running at 15 fps or soemthing.  I suspect this has to do with optimaztion and level of detail so the game doens't spend resources rendering something that wont be visible to the player.  The developers may have painted themselves into a corner and this might be the only good option left at this point for us to see and appreciate the enemy mechs during play, but more work needed here. The other alterantive would require redesigning gameplay and levels from the square one and slow things down which seems unfeasable at this point.  Most levels are simply a variation on kill everything in sight which doesn't seem too bad since this looks like it will be a short and fast game once done which isn't necesarly a bad thing( see most games made by Platinum games).The plot of the game is another issue. I can't help but feel the developers were very passionate about it and trying to make their own Gundam-esq story, but unfortunitly they can't seem to tell it within the framework of the game they have setup. Since this game is fast paced they need to carefuly edit the dialog and make sure everything said over the radio during a mission either fleshes out that charcter more and/or adds the world/lore building, no room for waste here.    No character physicaly appears during game so we can't tell who anyone is. If they can find space in the screen during the game perhaps a small window could show up with the character portrait when they talk on the radio.  Funny story, I didn't relieze until the Act 1 boss (Patriot) that my mech had a pilot and a copilot since that is the only point the 2 characters seemed to have a conversation. The plot involves a dystopian future where a massive war scoarched the earths surface to most humans took the sky, but terrorist organization operating on the remains of the surface threaten to upend a fragile peace bewteen the 3 superpower nations( US, Russia, and China? It's not entirely clear). Good news is you don't need a deep plot for a game like this to be good, it just needs to give me an excuse to blow mechs up.I have probably ranted enough at this point, but the ultimate question of whether I enjoyed the game( well ~40% of the game is out now. This is early access after all).  The answer to this is YES, mostly. My rants earlier account for relativly small part of my gametime.  I may have seemed critical of a lot of the game, but I did not write the previous paragraphs out of spite, but becasue I believe the game has the potential to be better.  There really arn't many giant robot games out there, in contrast to FPS which are a dime a dozen. The developers clearly like mechs/giant robots, though I suspect this is there first time making a video game and I think there is only 10 people or so on the development team so I can let some stuff slide. So in conclusion, Project Nimbus is a roughcut gem, and if you like Mechs you owe it to yourself to give it a shot since there are not many of this kind of gem around."
,Recommended,257030,13919072,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Pixy,"Shigure Kai Build Review *Updated for every new build :3 *+ The Voice acting is now even better+ Transformable Mech , although it's only from a battle mode to flight mode , still a nice touch+ Space Mission :3+ The AI is now smarter (and harder to kill >:3)- The AI still stuck sometime- Performance issue on mission 9What i hope for the next build :- Customizable Mech (Pls pls pls)- The Girl from the trailer- More transformable battle-frame- Make the slow-motion bar dissapear- Slow-motion laser sword kill-cam , that will be epic :3"
76561198021769260,Recommended,257030,12824831,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Totallytito,"This game has everything I loved of Armored Core 4 Answer, Front Mission Evolved , Zone of the Enders, and Gundam all combined together.I can't wait to see this game completed.Act 1- is the only act accessible at the moment, but its boss is amazing.I highly recommend this game for any and all mecha fans around the world.Beware that this game game in Thailand, so the english might have translation errors, but the visuals, voice acting, and gameplay combined with the fantastic sounds and audio truly make this an unforgettable experience for me.My only problem is that it does not run well on my tablet, but performs nicely on my gaming desktop.I would like to see this game optimized for mobile PC use.I also would like to see an online multiplayer option available for this game,as it would definitely enrich the gameplay experience in addition to the fantastic campaign mode.The Survival mode is a blast, and truly brings you a ""strike suit infinity"" feeling with its wave-based combat and fast-paced frenetic shooting.One of the features that I loved the most of this game is the lockon feature.With the push of ""Q"", you can choose to have it perform auto aim, sem-auto aim, and full manual aim.This can come in handy in various situations where the lockon system does not help you,so allowing you to switch between lockon systems in mid-gameplay is a feature that other games should learn from."
76561198087794419,Recommended,257030,18168062,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW:Recommend for Casual GamerNot recommend for Hardcore Gamer+Auto lock on target, not need to aim, player just focus to dodging+Qucik dodge reaction to up, down, front, back, left, right.+Unlimited ammo+More than 4 slot weapons & reloading separately+Able to transform into space craft+Survival Mode for practice+Many selectable mech+Melee combat available-New control key is NOT working, force to use default keys-No leaderboard for survival mode, wasted if played high level wave round-No PvE mode = no Coop-No optimize graphic setting = laggy on decent pc-Average visual effect-Sometime combat is continuous too fast, screen go messy = confusingWorth buying?*Cannot judge since it is still early access, this game have future.*if you really love gundam fight, buy it now! or wait until 29% discountEnjoyment: 7/10"
76561198049709039,Not Recommended,257030,35311910,Posted: 29 September,all,MrFireHedgehog,"Its Mechs, Its Fast, Its Fun ?Sadly this game has alot of problems that hold it down compared to titles like Armored Core.First of this game left Early Access this Week so it cant be used as a execuse anymore for the horrible performance issues that plagues this game, often it runs with solid 60fps yes but once things get a litte bit more heated the frames start dropping hard to 40-30 depending on how many Enemys and particles are on the screen, this happens despite what Graphics settings you have.Very High and 1080P ? it Lags.Very Low and 720P ? it Lags.This can be best seen in the last Mission of Act2 where the Frames drop immediatly at the start of the mission and with a I5 6600K and a R9380 that should not happen with the Graphics the game offers.Now the Gameplay on the other hand ranges from Very Fun to frustrating.It does a good Job at making you feel like an overpowerring Killing Machine like the Dynasty Warriors games do, you move fast and most Mechs have a wide variety of Weapons to use like Rockets and Machine Guns which feels fun to use,But the game is way to fast for its own good, in later missions it turns into a Catastrophic Cluster♥♥♥♥ with you Dashing around and mindlessly pressing the attack buttons to win, every death feels cheap because most of the time you dont even know what killed you in the first place, its impossible to dodge attacks that arent Rockets because you cant even see them coming at you, which makes you question alot of times why you just died,Shortly said the Battle System is as deep as a puddle and gets very chaotic the longer the game goes on.The ""Story"" is almost nonexisting and feels very disconnected from mission to mission making me wonder whats even going on there.The Mech designs are great, ranging from Gundam looking ones to straigt up Metal Gears, but yet they feel a bit lifeless at times because of the lack of animations they have.The Soundtrack is also great.It fists the Situations, doesnt sound too generic and gets you pumped during the fight.I love Mechs and i love games like Armored Core and Zone of the Enders but Project Nimbus fails to grab me the same way these games did.Dont get me wrong Project Nimbus is not a terrible game or a complete failure, there is alot of potential lying here, but at its current state it leaves alot to be desired and sadly i cant recommend it.I hope the Devs work on fixing the Performance Issues and build up on the foundation of the Battlesystem to make it more fair and enjoyable, once that is done i gladly try out the game again and hopefully can enjoy it to its fullest. :)"
76561198089612801,Recommended,257030,13463713,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Scythe7,"This is a totally awesome super-fast-paced mech game. It is early in development, but still fun. The mac port is not nvery good, but I can deal with it. Try buying it on a sale. Unfortunately, the game takes the control away from you a little too much, but that is one of the sacrifices that has to be made for a game this fast-paced. It also has bullet time!"
,Recommended,257030,13758602,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DaS54,"It's a true Japanese mech game on PC, full of Itano Circuses and dodging them. And let's not forget the blade one gets on the Mirai.This is the complete change from Western style mech games, such as Mech Warrior Online, which feature lumbering beasts with heavy firepower. This is not Mech Warrior Online, this game is more in the vein of Armored Core 4/ For Answer, with high speed, fast paced combat.It is for this reason that I absolutely love this game, as so few of its type end up on PC.There are some drawbacks, such as the difficulty spikes out of nowhere, the absurdly short missions, etc. But they can all be fixed should the Dev dedicate time into it.With that being said, this game should get around 7 or 8/10, the short missions do dampen the fun of the whole thing, and some individual customization like Armored Core would also be very nice."
,Recommended,257030,21110285,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,jking47,"Fun, fast paced mech game. It is a little rough, but its still early access so I don't mind that so much. The story and graphics are kinda cheesy but in a really great and sincere way, I like it a lot. The devs have said there will be multiplayer and I can't wait for that, the single player was fun (They have finished act 1 and part of act 2) but not too much to do after besides survival mode. I kinda wish you could choose different mechs/characters for every story mission (You are able to do this in a few of the act 2 missions) to give some more replayability, and there are a few other things I am hoping to see, but it is already a fun thing I would say is worth the $15 and when they add more content it will be a great deal."
76561197969846315,Recommended,257030,22766300,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,GuardianUK,"Started playing today and all i can say to the devlopers is keep up the awesome job. The game is beautifully desgined even in aplha form, i cant wait to see what else yuo have in store."
,Recommended,257030,23402441,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,red_comet,"I don't usualy do reviews, much less wall of texts but this game is just too good to not do it so here it goes, pardon me if it isn't a good review:Gameplay:2 Acts, each containing around 5-7 missions (iirc), some of which are multi part and the end stage missions for Act 2 can take up to an entire afternoon to clear, and on top of that there is a survival mode that allows one to choose from any of the in-game mech to play with for additional replayability or just to simply blow stuff upControls are a bt hard to get used to initially but once used to it it becomes quite ok actually.Storyline:Starts off rather slowly but progresses along quite well, with the ability to play from both side of the conflict s (the CFN and the UCN) in different stages of the same mission, although character development could be stronger- It's only in the 2nd half of act 2 do the MC of both faction start to display emotions and ask questions about the war, the killing etc, with a final feels trip ending in act 2Music:No complains there- the opening theme that greets you is absolutely stunning and the rest of the tracks, they resemble what you'll expect from any good mecha series anime. Sound acting is not bad as well althought nothing to worth noting about thoughVisuals:My rig can only take up to high so I can't comment for very high options. While the terrain details are not the best, especially for urban maps, it is more than made up for in the combat scenes when your own unit starts spamming missiles and funnels and bullets.Overall verdict, it's a great game considering that it's still in early access, can't wait to see how this game will develop considering that there is still a lot of room for development in many aspects such as the story, the chara development and also, the possibility of multiplayer and mech customisation"
76561198026280050,Recommended,257030,26340288,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,VeNoM,its a decent game kinda reminds me of armored core but in fast forward :P it could use some huge improvements but i guess the company that made it is a small one but i really salute them for trying... its not a bad game but it isnt a good one either it needs alot of upgrades like better controls more customization the choice to make your own mech etc etc... for people that like armored core or ace combat it will be fun enough :)
,Recommended,257030,13708987,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The Eternally Angery Skellie,"Right, so I am a huge fan of Mecha games. As you can tell from my profile picture, I adore Armored Core. My friend has told me this game is a lot like Armored Core, and in a sense. Yeah he's right.Keep in mind: This is an Early Access game so what I say isn't going to be accurate when the game is updated.Story: This is unfortunately, one of its issues. The story is alright in the beginning, but the dialogue is very poor, I mean my god, I have no connection to any of the characters and they are practically cardboard cutouts of the same character's you'd see in every other game out there.The snarky ace pilot? That's you.The gruff and serious General? Yup, he's in here.The female mission briefer and co-ordinator? Yup, she's in here.But then again, this is just ACT 1 of what seems to be 4 acts. So we'll see if it gets better in time.Graphics: The graphics for the game are solid. They fit the game and overall are pleasing to the eyes.Gameplay: Okay...this is the big part. The game...needs development in this. And it's quite obvious that it needs some more work in the gameplay side of things, as it feels like so much can be improved. From the U.I. to the way you move, it feels basic. But I think that's a positive as well, as of right now, they have a solid foundation of the combat (which is more than most early access games can claim). You can easily understand what to do and how to play it.It has a lock-on system where it allows you to focus on specific enemies, which is mighty helpful.It also has one of the most stylystic bullet time modes, where you can just simply activate it at a click of a button and fire at an enemy while you're sprinting ahead of them, it feels very satisfying.Content: There's not a lot to the game as of yet, but it is early access so I guess it gets a pass.So do I reccomend this game? Yeah, but not for everyone. If you really want to see more from the devs, I reccomend you support the game and purchase it. It is a fun little time waster as of right now and I think you can have a lot of enjoyment from it."
76561197999736716,Recommended,257030,12986094,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Zer0,"So far, I am really enjoying this game. It is the combination mech game for any mech fan out there! I had small issues at first with performance but with this recent update, they have been solved!!"
76561198155451658,Recommended,257030,12947117,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,UltraDank,"I bought this game just a few days ago, and was super pumped to play. When I started playing it, however it said missing executable, which took me about an hour to figure out, Then I started to play, but THEN it kept quitting. So I got that resolved the next day. But when I finally get into the game, it lags. A lot. I'm on an about a 4 year old Mac Book Pro with all current hardware up to date. I know the games in early development but I would extremely appreciate it if this could be fixed. Super stoked to play once its fixed."
76561198047469378,Recommended,257030,13801793,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,tthow,"This was great! If you like the mech genre in any of it's manifestations, you'll love this! As it is still ""Early Access"" its not very long and there is a lack of customization. However, with all the things still to come (and what it has now), I think this game is a great investment and I have been looking for a mech game like this for a while and I'm really glad i found this.I find the controls, once you learn them, really easy and straight forward to use. There are only a few campaign missions but there are a fair amount of mechs (or battle frames) to choose from in survival mode, and the really nice thing bout that is that all the mechs do handle differently with different weapons so there is a lot to experiment with until the next update.The story right now is ok. Gundam influence is notable (i.e. funnels, elements of story), but I love Gundam and most other mech series. Missiles get annoying and there are some other equipment you come across that you don't have access to yet, but i assume it is coming.Overall, If you like this genre, haven't been too pleased with other recent mech games, I was very pleasantly surprised with this and I think for this is well worth the reasonable price and is just a really overall fun time."
76561197988670325,Recommended,257030,12864513,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,StewedFlower,"well I would have to say that I love this game, I'm still working to get the controls for fly mastered but I would say that its a very enjoyable experience. Even though the story mode is still incomplete, the survival mode is really where you want to go to test your mech pilot abilities. I found that I could not play survival with the main stories battleframe and it pretty much locked the game up. But, I had access to the control console (which was nice) and exited the game. So I hope that this is fixed soon, as well it would be cool if there was a hover option to stop your battleframe mid flight. All in all I would recommend this game to any hardy mecha fans out there."
,Recommended,257030,25939457,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,[SFW]Captain Chillin™,"Action packed and thrilling!Project Nimbus is a great game that really gives out my inner love for mecha. This game will always leave you breathless because of the awesome fast action gameplay and the great visuals. The game is still on early access by the time I made this review, but it already has good premise for a bigger and wider group of players.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay is fast. You need to think thoroughly on how to defeat your opponents. Sometimes the game would even send 10-15 enemies at once! You will need to be fast. Keep shooting while moving. The game has a good number of mechas that you can use in the game's storyline and survival mode. The controls are like water; easy and precise.MECHASSurely most of you also bought this game because of the cool design of the mechas. The designs of each mecha is just gorgeous. Props to the art and design team for making these cool and unique mechas!STORYThe story is a little bit neglected in my opinion. I sometimes ask myself: ""Why am I shooting these guys down again?"". The game focuses more on the gameplay side than the story. I know there is a story, but I wish there was more background and life on the different characters found in the storyline.VISUALS and SFXThe scenery is gorgeous. The explosions and the laser beams just whizzing around is amazing! I can really feel the guns blazing as I rain hell upon my enemies. The graphics of the game is not top notch but it does give out a cool scenery that leaves me breathless.SOUNDTRACKThe soundtrack is just amazing! It fits in so well with the gameplay as you try and kill your enemies. Really brings out that inner adrenaline punch! I am hoping for more tracks in the future.All in all, it's an amazing indie game. I rate it 8/10! For those who love watching mecha animes, this game is truly for you. Buy it now and support the team that created this beauty!"
,Recommended,257030,35308132,Posted: 29 September,all,DPS | Barrier,"This game is great. It's the exact type of Mecha game I've wanted for years. The game really does need some polishing though and still seems to feel like a late-early access/beta title.P.S.: The music in this game is great, but what I do in Survival Mode is - I open up YouTube and turn on some Hiroyuki Sawano music, turn in game music to 0%, and just have an absolute blast."
,Recommended,257030,20465889,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,IluminatorX,"Everyone who always wanted to do mecha fights like they do in anime(e.g Muv-Luv Alternative: Total Eclipse) then you came to the right place. Project Nimbus is exactly that kind of game which will give you this feeling. Very fast and dynamic battles against any kind of enemy. From drones over planes until you meet your very first enemy mecha/battle frame.The controls are very easy and as soon as you get the right touch for it, you will find it even more fun.But a little warning: At some points it is better to have very fast reactions, rather than the countermeasure and some missions will bring you to the edge of dispair. But that's what makes this game even more fun: The Challenge to master your frame.There is just one thing I do miss. Multiplayer Games. For example: A Tournament ladder like Arena Combat with different kinds of Battlegrounds. There are so many ways of possibilitys for maps..-Citys, suited for close quarter melee combat and very fast chases-Mountains, for a hide and seek Dogfight like Air-to-Air Combat-Flat Terrain, for an open terrain Dogfight like Air-to-Air Combat-Underground/Cave Maps, for dark lighted highspeed Dogfight chasesWith this.. this game would have everything needed. And still it is a lot of fun to play it. So.. Do I recommend this game? Absolutely! A straight 9/10___________________________________If you do find mistakes.. keep them. English is not my native language ;D"
,Recommended,257030,18194546,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,MikeyOriginal,"When you watch a mecha based anime or gundam thats not highly based around mechas but when they bring out the mechas its so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥badass. This game is definitly one of those games. Wow, So cool. Definitly a keeper lots of replayability."
76561198096098018,Recommended,257030,29481033,Posted: 25 January,all,johthins,The Gundam game I always wanted but was never made.
76561198040996721,Recommended,257030,12819130,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Shibas,Only Gameplay no Story related experience atm.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------If you like Zone of the Enders or the Armored Core series this is your game.The controlls are more like ac than zoe but more forgiving in aiming and targeting.The bullet time is a nice feature if you lost the focus in the heat of the battle.If enough people support this projekt it has the potential to be on paar with zoe or ac and to be the first good mecha game for PC since years.
,Recommended,257030,31712877,Posted: 12 May,all,Aniah,It actually feels like an anime mech game.
,Not Recommended,257030,23762797,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Teknopathetic,"Having played a ton of Armored Core 4 and For Answer when I was younger I was pretty excited to see something clearly taking inspiration from AC on Steam, but I'm sad to say that this doesn't really stack up. Near non-existent resource management coupled with hard lock-on makes combat brainless and unsatisfying, leaving you effortlessly mowing down hordes of unchallenging enemies even when you can barely tell what's going on."
,Recommended,257030,13578250,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Zerloxe,"That's not bad for a first impression..But still,you need a lot of development,and key remapping,I guess..Still waiting for new update."
76561198066082901,Recommended,257030,17233495,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,SupaGooby™,"If your a fan of mecha, this is a must buy!P.S. playing using a Wii U Pro controller using the Mayflash Wii U Pro PC wireless adapter"
76561198067251264,Recommended,257030,25219592,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Zachev,"It's a high speed missile and bullet dodging flying mech game.  It's simple, with targeting being mostly done automatically.  That being said, auto aim lets you focus on mobility, which you will need to utilize heavily to avoid being shot down.I really like this game."
,Recommended,257030,24341600,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Magelit3,"The game is really good.good mechanics, Great soundtrack,and if you want to make the game even harder play survival and campaign on Prepare to Die Diffculity.10/10 for mech designs and auguments"
76561198071533040,Recommended,257030,22360172,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,VISION-X360,Gonna be another Epic Indy game soon.
,Recommended,257030,21848591,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Your grandmother,love this game. its pretty short but this game has great portential and when fully developed could be come a perfect game. i can't wait till they get more missions and also co-op would be awesome and also online multiplayer would make this game even better.
76561198028182854,Recommended,257030,23409030,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Axeing-quashore,"very fun, and once you get used to it, simple to play, also awesome music! so far good story."
,Recommended,257030,23026822,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,TheSprinkle42,"Solid mecha combat, game improves as you play through the campaign. Very good for an early access indie title, and has some nice references to popular mecha series.""The red battle frame is approaching at three times normal speed!""For the price, absolutely recommended. It's a lot of fun."
76561198104024594,Recommended,257030,13362984,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,REVOLUTION_IN_RUSSIA_5112017.org,"Very technological game. Feeling like I`m a pilot of the MechCaliber Chamber from Suisei no Gargantia. Strong AI. Good graphics, first time you may see that menu lags, but its ok. While I started to play game didn't lag, I played it good. I recommend difficulty ""Prepare to die"". Game only in alpha version? Good work! It is unique project in the world, like gundam meches, but I not watch on the meches, now I can pilot it!)One more recommendation: don't play all the game fast. Like a anime, watch a one episode today, next tomorrow. I think it is better.****Freedom Gundam ZGME-X10A****http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20131107054547/gundam/images/1/1f/ZGMF-X10A_Freedom_Gundam.jpg"
,Recommended,257030,13505963,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Caldazor,Great fun mech game everything armoured core should have been
76561198045447233,Recommended,257030,13626804,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,AfroSenpaiジャックはゲンジ・メインです,"This game, with the proper funding, is easily capable of blowing a ton of games we have today out of the freakin water.What it has done already is pretty great, what it can do will be epic.As for now it's obviously unfinished, the game is mostly just it's just-as-advertised combat in high-speed mechs and a W.I.P storymode that definitely has potential, the music that plays in missions fits the situation like a glove and If I were to try this game out and someone were to tell me this was an indy game, i'd call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I hope people keep donating money to the people creating the game and even buy the game as is, because It's going to be well worth the wait and cost.(There's also rumors that if these people get billion Half-Life 3 will be announced)"
,Recommended,257030,13690896,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,s_live,"This game is amazing, even for an early access game. It is visually a beautiful game and the story isn't bad either. Granted there is some trouble with switching between weapons, but that what these tests are for. If you love a good action mech game like armored core, then this is the game for you. I give two thumbs way up!"
,Recommended,257030,13225093,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,CaiNX10A,Someone said FUNNELS!Another said Psycho!!!I almost heard another yell ... GUNDAM!!!I really hope this game evolves into a full fledged Armored Core / Gundam-like game :D
76561198021923407,Recommended,257030,12989282,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,OldGregg,"This is a review with just .5 hours of game play, so take it for what it's worth - Game feels great. Good first impressions. My only hang up is that it's hard to get used to using ""e"" and ""c""  so fluidly (makes your mech go up or down). Combine that with your regular ""asdw"" and using ""spacebar"" to boost in conjunction with...Seems to be rewarding once mastered, which is cool."
,Recommended,257030,13111946,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Natural_1,"Mecha and Flyers are 2 of the genres I mostly overlook and ignore because I don't like them. Project Nimbus, however, is not one I wanted to ignore. While it is still in it's development and it's updated from time to time, I'm already hooked on its gameplay. Though not as strong in the visual department and sometimes glitchy, I belief these bugs will soon be history. I only got something over an hour of playing but I would love to be part of it as it improves itself. If you are a fan of tactical space flyers like Galaxy Angel and want more action, I recommend it to you. It may not seem like it will be a blast right now, but maybe in the near future it will."
,Recommended,257030,28964927,Posted: 2 January,all,羅刹,"I never played much mecha games in my life, but hell yeah, I fell in love with everything in this game.The mechanics, the soundtrack, the story, the mechas(and the pilots), etc, and still waiting for more!I hope one day it gets achievments and cards in steam as well."
,Recommended,257030,12864816,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Onigo,"One of the best mech themed games I've played in a while and definately satisfying, only a few noticeable bugs. One of them being trying to go into survival mode and 1 out of 10 times the language switches to thai and your mech doesn't appear and neither do the enemies but I'm sure he's going to fix that. I would definately reccomend this game even in its early access stage."
,Recommended,257030,12848187,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Ackafoo,Yet in early acces but very fun.
,Recommended,257030,22773325,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,FTaira,It has been so long since I last played a good action mecha game. So long that I forgot how much I love this kind of game back when I had my PS2 as a birthday present. Until this game reminded me of the nostalgic excitement I had a few years back.I'm so inspired by how my fellow Thai can come up with such an awesome game.เจ๋งมากครับ ทำได้เยี่ยมมาก หวังว่าจะสามารถทำให้เกมเสร็จสมบูรณ์ออกมาในรูปแบบที่เจ๋งยิ่งขึ้นไปอีกนะครับ ;)
,Not Recommended,257030,23997684,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Escovant,"As of now im disappointed in this game.  I bought this game for 2 reasons: 1) There are so few mech games worth taking a look at with the full customization and action elements that I look for. 2) Watching some of the game play it reminds me of a few older games that i loved playing which would be Phantom Crash and S.L.A.I. both of which are essentially the same game that are based around arena style twitch shooting.  As for why im dissappointed: The camara is a nightmare. alot of the maps are build with small passage ways which that camara constantly catches on. Heck, the whole game feels like an ACE pilot game thats been reskinned making it difficult to play.  All in all, its  game to keep an eye on as its developed but as of now i suggest only buying if you plan to support development."
76561198153558290,Recommended,257030,13009577,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,VertX,One of the best mech games I have played. Personally I am a gundam fan and has been looking for mech games for a while now. This satisfies my needs.Would be great if a p.v.p mode was added.
,Recommended,257030,28834444,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Oak SK135,"Bravo Thai devs.You broke the chains of mediocrity and the curse of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ horror game.This is not just a game, but a milestone, an achievement for the following generations. They will look into Steam, and see this gem, not Araya, not Dead Sea...This game. A game with actual gameplay and story, not a cluster♥♥♥♥ of unity assets and gimmicky bullsACTUAL REVIEW--------------------------------------- The combat, simple enough for you to feel like Tom Cruise from Top Gun in about 30 seconds in.- The levels, are great.- The voice acting. Decent job, but the problem is in the writing. The dialogues feel weird with repeating name calling.บัดนี้ ขออำนาจคุณพระศรีรัตนไตร จงดลบันดาลให้ทีมงานทุกคนประสบเเต่ความเจริญยิ่งๆขึ้นไปในปีใหม่นี้ เเละขอให้เกมนี้ออกมาเป็นเกมคุณภาพอย่างเเท้จริง เป็นรางวัลความสำเร็จ บอกให้โลกรู้ว่า 'เหย เราไม่ได้มีเเค่เกมผีห่าไก่กานะเว้ย'"
76561198004703545,Recommended,257030,19305869,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,RenZY,"I don't play too much about this game, so please ignore the time I played.The whole game is good to play, however, since this is a early access game. There are lots of detail need to be improved. Control Key can't be changed so I have to be forced use such as space bar as boost (since it's jump or raise key for most game).  This is few stories for the game except fly and shoot.Also I'm facing a bug that game can't be exit on my Mac unless force to exit.Holp they would fix those problems soon.Despite the flaw above, this is a good game to play."
,Recommended,257030,12830547,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,大麻 (TAIMA),"GAMEPLAYFun, well done game. The variety of weapons in some of the later mechs makes it extremely fun to play.  AI could be a bit better. The ballistics on the rail gun look awesome, and if they chose to make a mech game with realistic(ish) damage/explosions/ballistics ala war thunder, this could go places.CAMPAIGNNeeds to hire a storywriter for the campaign probably because the story is kinda ????????????????  and that takes you out a bit from the very important IMMERSION. Also please NO FANSERVICE."
,Recommended,257030,12830189,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Serois,"While far from complete, this game shows real potential to be a great game for people who like cheesy voice acting, intense battles, and awesome combat. A sandbox mode and multiplayer would be the♥♥♥♥♥♥though."
,Recommended,257030,19485768,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,(rd)dash78u1,An awsome mech game with an amazing story.
76561198037467029,Not Recommended,257030,25879730,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,acenathan,"i honestly can't reccomend this. the gameplay is fast and briefly fun. lack of aiming. after two years of ""early access"" they have 3/4 of a campaign and a survival mode. i don't trust this company with my money or that they will even finish this. its a good start but i can't see this finishing."
76561198229925884,Recommended,257030,28800414,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,noob_skillz,"it's like on a gundam, my dream come true. it's a good game. but better if they'll make a cockpit version view or make a sequel or what!! love it. but improving the graphics might be ok. still lovn' it."
76561198004584465,Recommended,257030,12812886,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Lord of Hamsters,"Just CTD'd , but I don't care, I'll just start it up again.11/10"
,Recommended,257030,34904795,Posted: 12 September,all,Kiridou,"If you like fast-paced mech games, then this is the game for you! I really love the graphics and the speed of the game. When you're done playing through the campaign (which is very well voice-acted), you can play through the Survival and see if you can survive and beat the current high-score! What are you waiting for pilot? Stop reading this review and buy the game!!!"
76561198141710904,Recommended,257030,23530301,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,strikefreedom6,This game is just amazing. Its everything a mecha fan could want. I reccomend it to any mecha fan 100%
76561198066119615,Recommended,257030,13815631,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DesperateHero,"Guys, this is theclosestyou'll get to an Armored Core-esque game on Steam.Ace Combat, Amored Core 4Answer, Zone of the Enders, Strike Suit Zero/Infinity, Robotech. If you've played ANY of these games or you're a Mech fan, this game may be for you. It's gameplay is remarkably similar to the high-speed, fast paced style of AC 4Answer which I personally loved.One of the few Mech games out there to utilize Funnels/Bits/Psycho-Drones. Also the ability to use bullet-time/slow-mo is a brilliant idea and makes shooting down missiles possible.This game is SOLID, if you're thinking about buying it, just do it. It does have its flaws but I expect no less from an Early Access Game.9/10 would be 10 if you actually put that girl in the trailer in the game"
,Recommended,257030,13702926,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,狼,GOOD GAME GG
,Recommended,257030,24351916,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,sh1tbird,"reminds me of zone of the enders, which is pretty awesome that the devs are taking that on. this is an ambitious project. I'm looking forward to see where they take it. I have high hopes."
76561198010977411,Recommended,257030,12823046,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Commander554,"Geass? Gun griffon? Gundam? Macross? Hell, robotech? What is Nimbus?The best part about this game is the amount of potential it holds, and I hope to god the dev's listen to the communityTake ace combat, some stupider Ai, and mechs! Welcome to project Nimbus.Right of the bat your in a powerful suit with a fantastic battle system, fast paced and begging for multiplyer C:. The combat is fluid, fast paced, and it really feels like a mecha anime, the way you react and even the weapons you have. Every mech you fly is different, and you can really FEEL the advantage to your mech when you play as some of the lower tiers. You feel powerful and blowing the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta other mechs is rewarding AF yo. The game looks great(for an early access) and the controls of the mech feel good. The bosses are challenging and just when you think you found a cheap way to beat the game, they come right back with a countermeasure. This game is hard, and that makes winning all the more satisfying.The problems, are a bit numerous.------------The only large problem Ive got is the AI's pathfinding, and I would love to see the mech react to ground or other objects(Ie walk on the ground). Maybe just ground mechs, this would give the mechs in the air a realy large advantage, but the combat would change. I would love radio chatter from the ai too, the Ace combat series comes to mind. To make AI react to things happening around them really makes them feel real. The story is practically non existant, although not hard to follow. The cut scenes really need some work, and animated cut scenes for this game could really set the tone(A good one I might add)  and some animations could be a tad bit better. Particles on the Mech are iffy too from up close, for example if your damaged and the fire follows you, and quite literally follows you from a few feet back. Some sounds also feel very stock, and this game could do with some original sounds. The HUD feels bizzare too, maybe too big or just a bit childish. Hell, if the text was smaller even, it would feel a bit more real. The AI voices also seemed to glitch over eachother when triggered, and anyone who has coded knows what I mean. Once you complete one checkpoint while another is still in motion, the AI end up talking over eachother to contribute to the story (Which is something about flying cities...or something)'All in all, in its current state, only buy If you want to suppor the devs. Its a bit rough, but could easily become the Mech game we really want. Devs, hear me out. Your THE MOST IMPORTANT PART OF THIS GAME. LISTEN to the community.--------------------------------Part twoAbout two hours in now opposed to first impressions.And holy cow, I cant get enough. The survival mode is my god send.Forget the campaign, mindlesslesy slaughtering the air in survival, zooming past them as they questionablly turn only to burst into cherry red flames and plummet into the ocean.... its so good. It makes me want more customization on the Mechs, much Like I saw in the old Gungriffons or Gundam games. Hell, ecen customization back to the old AC4 (No, not assasins Creed) leaves me excited for the future of this gmae. Just to choose the weapons even. The skyboxes are GIANORMOUS. My god, you can go up to space, easy for outrunning enemies and maneuvering around. Its really rad, actually. My previous wants still stand, But I would easily pay what I did just for survival. Turn on some jams and blow the ♥♥♥♥ outta some mechs. More to come c:"
,Recommended,257030,12835656,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,RCHE,"Quick review after getting the game, it's still in early alph so the limited features are understandable. Following is the pros and consPro- Cmon!!! It's like Gundam vs Gundam, how can you hate that.- Graphic is pretty satisfying- Great idea- Many playable ""Robots""- Combat system is well designed- Nice and clear interfaceCon (suggestion)- Campaign needs more feature (like transition film)- Batlle arena can includes more feature and having more types- Hoping for multiplay soon (some features needs to be redesigned like the ""Slow Motion"")- Seldom in-game crashing / seldom infinite loading at startI will keep updating this review after a longer playthrough time.Chinese Version中文评测刚玩了没多久先做个快评，可以理解游戏还在早起A测中所以目前可玩内容还不是很多。一下是一些简略的优缺点：优- 感觉是电脑上第一部像gvg一样类型的游戏？- 画质目前还是比较满意的，也不烧配置- 想法很好- 可玩机种挺多的- 战斗系统设计的还不错- 界面简洁美观劣 （更准确来说是建议）- 剧情可以花更多心思，想过场动画什么的太简陋啦- 战斗地图可以有更多内容和更多选择- 期待尽快出多人对战（就目前来说，要做出pvp要改动一些战斗系统，比如慢动作）- 有时会有意外跳出/开头无限加载本人在花更多时间玩此游戏后，还会继续更新评测"
,Recommended,257030,12837203,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,matt200717,"There has never been an Armored Core game developed for PC, which I always thought was a shame, growing up with the franchise. Even if From never ports the series over, this game has already perfectly captured the high octane mech combat that made me start watching Gundam once I sold my consoles. So far, the story and gameplay are both very reminiscent of Armored Core For Answer; all high speed shooting against a backdrop of a desolated planetside and floating cities.While this game is in Early Access, as evidenced by some performance issues and a lack of options, there is a foundation laid for a very fun revival of the mecha genre on PC. Even if it is a little rough around the edges, and pretty animu to boot.If you've got a mecha itch that needs to be scratched, I strongly recommend checking this game out. If not, wait and see how it turns out after more development time."
,Recommended,257030,12849578,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Señor Scarybagels (card idling),Great fun get it
,Recommended,257030,33622499,Posted: 17 July,all,Whhaayy!,The game Gundam fans have waited for.
76561197999343320,Not Recommended,257030,35375817,Posted: 1 October,all,Hypocrite,I have really enjoyed this game. However there are some features that I am sad to say do not exist.Customization in any shape or form. There are plans for alternate loadouts.Currently there are 13 pilotable machines but 8 of the machines are considered mass produce and dont do alot of damage or have very many features and the other 5 have 1 of two visibly different loadouts aside from slight stat changes in their weapons.The story is more or less Gundam so I love it and there are quite a few fun fights throughout the story.I do wish the entire story wasent available immediately and also showed my progress through it.The gameplay is very top notch. Every Battleframe feels quick or agile except for a very specific battleframe but i assume thats to show you what youve been fighting. I do wish the UI was more attentive to enemies in the distance or when an enemy had visually lock on you but thats just a personal gripe. Other than that the neat and simplistic UI keeps the screen nice and neat.I would reccomend this if they had more Frames to play and they quite clearly do when you look around the hanger in survival but i cant tell if you can unlock them of if you are not suppose to unlock them.This just needs more content and i think that will be very long time from now. So if this updates with more stuff I will most likely change my review
76561198003681366,Recommended,257030,35274335,Posted: 28 September,all,WhiteGlint777,"Just buy this game, its awesome."
,Recommended,257030,35331935,Posted: 30 September,all,IAmRelapse 『イノリ』,"The game is really good, im a fan of Mecha combat games since GUNDAM. I'll get straight into this.Pros:♥♥♥♥♥yea explosions and fightingGood Story-so far-(a bit like anime series, but meh.)Detailed graphics from the mechs to the small details in the cities.Voice acting was OKThe BGM and music is really good for the atmosphere.Cons/Suggestion:Sadly, badly optimize for old GPUs. I thought my NV-GT540M could handle it smoothly, but it was running in 10-20 FPS all of the time(drops to 1-5 during a lot of entities being rendered in the screen). *This was expected though*The cursor in the main menu is nice, but... it lags whenever you lag in FPS. This also goes during in-game.The missions should be progressive, dont let the players play on missions or even let them see those missions that are not connected yet to the last mission they finished, lock the other missions and let the players play it out from Act 1 to the final mission.The main menu also needs a bit of polishing, its very ""basic"" to look at, and the title of the game is nowhere to be found(even the title bar on the window says ""Unreal Development Kit""...), maybe make it so that the game has its own window, its own logo and probably a better main menu/missions menu.There's no collision damage. Well, its not really a problem, but it adds realism to mech combats. Maybe add damage whenever the player hits an object and takes into account the velocity of the player before it hits the object.Overall 7.3/10. This game is worth the try for my weak PC. Actually surprised it let me play the game regardless(I thought it wouldnt even run when I start the mission).Would recommend to the Mecha Combat fans out there that has atleast a modern GPU in their system;Would not recommend for players who has lower end GPUs on their PCs.Now if you'll excuse me, i'll have to keep this in my library till i get a better PC to play this game.EDIT:After a few tweaks, i manage to run the game at 20-40FPS, sounds good to me now"
76561198037563612,Recommended,257030,35234438,Posted: 26 September,all,Merkin,"Fun game, cheap price."
76561198085440136,Recommended,257030,35285703,Posted: 29 September,all,Nemesys,"Dat Russian accent... *start squatting, wear Addidas and drink vodka*"
76561198021477044,Not Recommended,257030,35443184,Posted: 3 October,all,tealthantos,"Nice game concept, let down by poor voice acting and low quality graphics."
76561198086517947,Recommended,257030,16355728,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,rdsap,needs multiplayer
,Recommended,257030,12837415,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Hustler-One,"It's like Robotech, Armored Core, Ace Combat, Z.O.E and a bit of Gundam combined. Game is really fun and I hope to see some kind of multiplayer in the future"
,Recommended,257030,14714559,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Naeco,"I give it 10/10, and it's only in alpha. I can't wait to see what else they add..."
,Recommended,257030,13152662,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,3v4n711,Giant supersonic robots with guns blowing stuff up.11/10
76561198027780067,Recommended,257030,14149121,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Abarr159,"This is a game perfect for people that want to feel like theyre in the middle of an anime air mecha battle.pros-Guns-missiles-railguns-crazy battlesites (that would be perfect with a little more detail-PSYCHO DRONEScons-needs keybinding-some areas are incomplete or lack detail such as a completely grey haze over water (alpha like)-you can't land on ground-melee sword feels difficult to use due to 3 dimensional battles (no straight up or down strikes)If some missions are in space (only played 4 main missions so far) then this game would be even better.It has been a long time since I've had a hope of seeing a game of this genre come out. I'm just sad that I didn't see or play this earlier.also, PLEASE add cockpit views for the mechs, (maybe oculus rift support once it releases) then my dreams would become reality. or at least as close as I'll ever come in this lifetime."
76561198026498963,Recommended,257030,25160495,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Best Girl,Is good9/10
,Recommended,257030,16673775,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Saratoga,"awesome game, highly recommend"
,Recommended,257030,12823028,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,NeonLightIllusion,"Armored Core: For Answer is, without a doubt, my favourite game. So imagine my delight to find that it's spiritual sucessor seems to have been created. I actually only found out about Project Nimbus thanks to the Steam page, but for an Early Access game, it's certainly impressive. In fact, there's more content here than in some full games. The Campeign is relatively engaging, with interesting briefs and some fun missions. Personally, I prefer the Survival mode- simply because there's just so many different playable mech to choose from. The design of the 'frames' are excellent- think Gundam UC crossed with ACFA. Gameplay is ridiculously fast, and incredibly intense. If I have one criticism of the game then it's relating to this- sometimes, especially when low to the ground, it is a little TOO fast, and can be quite confusing trying to track where each individual missile is coming from. But in the air, combat is fast, fluid and relatively easy to pull off. There's a ton of different weapons too, which helps things from becoming stale. Rest assured- if you're a fan of fast paced action, or have the slightest interest in mecha, this is a game for you. Team Nimbus, I've got my eyes on you!"
,Recommended,257030,12827977,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,JeraldPetrov,"Good game for an Alpha. A quick paced, easy to understand mech shooter. Will play again."
,Recommended,257030,14362699,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,SushicCat55,"I get to blow up terrorists with sniper railgun, 30 lock on missiles, few smart missiles, controlled droids(funnels), and a 100 rounds 20mm machine gun.   .     .      .     .      oh and you get to use a flying mech."
,Recommended,257030,17346965,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Butterghost,Actually the greatest $15 I've ever spent. Devs are active and it's Over-the-top Mecha-anime: The Game. Some levels are a bit dull but jesus ♥♥♥♥ do I not regret buying this. Tip from the pros: Enter bullet time right when your missiles hit.
76561198113706707,Recommended,257030,13373500,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,BIG ZAM,"Much mecha very wow.You like giant robots?like flyin' 'round shootin stuff?lazer blades?just the robots?trust me, its greatfast paced, good conrtols(camera is a little difficult to get used too) all it needs it for the plot to be released in full(onlychapter 1 is avaliable right now)"
76561198058778953,Recommended,257030,16629578,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ThatMek,//warning bad spelling//While this is clearly still an early access game without needing to scroll down it still has a lot of promiss. Im just going to say this if you love mecha animes such as gundam then you will  love this.
,Recommended,257030,24323385,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Big Boss Krimson,"Out of the 9.3 hours I've played of this over 2 years. I'd say each and every moment was worth it. Especially for an Early Access Game.As far as it goes currently, the story is really eye catching as it gives you multiple points of view, from American Battle Frame pilots, to even those of other countries and Organizations. And as of the last few updates, I would say moving as well.Now let's go over the Pros and Cons.PROS:-Fast paced dogfight gameplay. (Reminds me of Ace Combat honestly)-Ever played Armored Core and wanted a Flying Mech? That's basically this.-Great story so far, and interesting characters.-Battles with Allied NPC BattleFrames look bloody amazing with how many Rockets, Bullets, and Explosions are present in the skies..-Certain missions let you pick a Pilot with a specific BattleFrame.-Survival mode makes for a damn good timekiller with a good number of BattleFrames to use.-The soundtrack is absolutely beautiful.CONS:-No customization system. (Maybe one in the future?)-Updates are few and far apart in my opinion. (But well worth it)-You can miss a lot of your shots even while using the lock on system.In all, this is a really good game, and is becoming even better as time moves on. so, I give it a real good90/10"
,Recommended,257030,13682883,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Arrakh,10/10!awesome game! i love it!
,Recommended,257030,18232330,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,fri_freeman,"Currently game's unfinished, but dev has been regularly update the game with patches and new missions for a year, so I don't doubt that they will finish it. They also listen to suggestions and bug reports, and so on, basically they're what early access dev should be.If you want to wait until it's finished sure, but it might be a while.Game's cool. Graphic's nice, gameplay satisfying.But that music though...I'll be honest. I bought this game because the music they play in the trailer.Gamecrafter team, you should really appreciate your composer."
,Recommended,257030,25657999,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,[X]Guilhermera120,"Impressive game with a few flaws. I bought this game in a sale just because it had very positive reviews and looked good, it was much more than I could've expected. The graphics and gameplay excel in all aspects, the only thing that is a let down is the poor writing and voice acting (justified because it is being made by a independent Thai company). The game is still in Early Access but has constant updates and is already amazing."
76561198128762206,Recommended,257030,31679765,Posted: 11 May,all,MDPU,Gundam + armerdcore
76561198119590355,Recommended,257030,31126136,Posted: 13 April,all,meh280,"Now I got interested in this game because Armored Core 4. So to make things fair on the devs I will not be comparing it to AC4.So what I like -The gameplay is fun.Nice mech designs.Majority of missions are fairly balanced.Cockpits (Press V to do this).Things I don't like -The way it runs poorly even on the lowest settings.Weird anime writing with things like mechs powering up past without upgrades.Found the emotional weight scenes with Mirai weren't great and felt like they were trying to imitate Eva.Planes acted like battleframes in terms of maneuverability. You can see this when they turn suddenly or go down with their nose still in a climb position.I do like this game. I give it a 7/10 for gameplay as the last missions in acts felt way too difficult for what you were facing prior to them. In writing, a 3/10. Scenes with mental trauma could've been handled better. The voice acting was good. There was a scene with a Russian girl that felt very nicely added in. Overall, 5/10. Play it if you just want to play a fast aerial mech game."
76561198162311762,Recommended,257030,31258901,Posted: 20 April,all,PBG,"Okay since I love mechs I will state this game is really for all of you who like Mechs too. Its got flying mecha, transforming mecha, giant robots, small robots and a ton of crazy weapons of powers that each unit has unique to it.However I feel I would be doing this game a injustice as its still in develipment and since I have only 2 hours on record this cannot be called the greatest of reviews.The main boon to this game is the fact that every single mech feels in some way unique in some small flare. It is clear that the developers have been trying to make an interesting world and are attempting to replicate the grandure of what we see in some of the larger mecha shows from Japan: and in this case it succeeds in creating the necessery grey moral atmosphere and creating a quirky universe with floating cities, dark undertones contrasted by bright visuals. In additon the combat is very smooth (if clunky on ocasion) in that I felt zero restriction in what I could do as a pilot, and where I could fly (most of the time). The lock on function itself is not as broken as you would think as distance and rate of fire factor in heavily as well as the speed and skill of oposing units (which I will state a few at the moment are kinda broken), and there is a strong satisfaction you get when you wipe out a small floatilla of enemies with a couple of well placed barrages of missiles. The combat itself is very smooth as well as all mechs have your basic machine guns and missiles with some having canons or other quirks which you can find out while your playing. However what I found most surprising was how the universe intrdoduces us to the actual mechs themselves considering each mission can see you being limited in what you can do in comparison to one of the early mechs (which feels a little OP early on but that quickly changes). The way the developers do this is by dropping subtle conversational hints early on as to how and what a mech can do. (Spoilers) For instance during one mission you fight an enemy ace who when defated is sent to jail, a later mission sees you playing that ace as you escape from jail and when you gain her 'combat frame' you remember that her machine guns are mean and once you do that you tear through your enemies like a hot knife through butter. These satisfying moments are very cool and shows the attempts at world building and also shows that each mech feels a little different in every single way. In fact despite the jarring early missions where you gain essentially a god tier mecha who mows down enemies is at times weirdly off putting once you are dropped back into a normal or lower prototype: but yet this has a sort of stick and carrot apprach to it, teaching us what these mechs can do with a mech that can do everything and later on taking those powers away to test us in a new limited circumstance. This is not for everyne but I loved it. (spoilers end)However I will not ignore the major issues this game has, as it is a flawed gem: although it is still under development and should be given a lot of slack and needs reviews like this to improve. Now my first complaint is quite simple: during some higher tier missions you are quite litterly facing hundreds of enemies all at once and while this is not a major issue in of itself (as a good pilot can overcome this) it is an issue when the enemies are faster than you and have near perfect aim, which means no matter what I have tried you will get hit over and over and over again, which is less of an uphill battle and more of a crawl up a cliff (and I was on normal difficulty with much of this). This is really annoying as it disetifyies dodging as nothing you do matters, and while makes the enemy seem dangerous it in turn creates a sense of annoyance. (However I will state in its current form these enemies are very hard and worth the challenge as I have been throwing myself at them over and over to find a weakness although overtime one mistake can bury you alive in canon fodder who will chew you left, right and centre. However if ou enjoy stuff like that by all means it does make winning have its moment, but it does make casual play annoying.) In addition while I said the piloting was very smooth: its only like this when your in the open air which typically lasts for a good 90% of the game. However the moment you place the mech into a tight space like the city streets or inside a space station (which one early mission is centred around) your high speed even on the lowest setting becomes impractical and clunky as its to sensitive for such actions (Especially since your speeds include fast, very fast and stupidly fast (boost: which is very fun in the open air)). Which is a real shame too because this game is mostly fighting in a big empty void and comes to one of its biggest weaknesses: in that it makes these huge worlds and flying cities yet we can't do anything with them excet fly around them or shoot at what has landed on them. Their is very little incentive to use the citie as cover and the one boss battle I have done is quite litterly you circling the thing firing at it and killing its spawned enemies. Indeed many of these maps would beefit if there was some way to treat these cities and ruins you find as an actual cover: as a memrable moment I had was when I was being chased by 30 enemies and to get away from them I flew under a part of a space station then looped back over it so fast I lost my persuers.As such this game could benefit greatly with some cover in the flight zone which will allow for smooth momement and the ability for the mechs to use tactics rather than try and fly past each other fast enough that the other person can't shoot to turn back. Still thats a prsonal gripe of mine and at the moment it doesn't hurt the game but to me just feels like lost potential, as it would lend itself well towards that with its flying cities. More importantly though is the fact the enemy AI can be an issue: not only can it on higher difficulties be a accurate no holds damage feast with you being damaged constantly it moreover can somtimes fly under these colonies and stations and then fly up and get trapped under them: which is a glitch they need to fix: also I find climbing and falling a little slow at times even with the boost.Still this game features high speed, high action, has a fun control scheme if your willing to learn it, although it has only taken me two hours to pick up. Although one gripe is I was told to use the melee button without being told what to press (if your curious its the wheel on your mouse: although its simple strike could be offset easily with a combo system with somthing else on the keyboard: maybe shift or Ctrl for charging and heavy attacks). Apart from that though your vehicle is pretty tanky and the lack of multiplayer, as far as I know, means that while you cannot team up with your freinds you do gain a neat reaxing feeling while playing as you do not have to stress about the competition. It moreover has an old school dog fighter feel as well, so anyone who likes gogfighters shoud love this.But in short give it a try, as I am and I do not regret it at all ^^"
,Recommended,257030,32088864,Posted: 31 May,all,Executioner,oh my god this game is awesome its really awesome :v s many projecttiles and many more cool battle function and also the graphic i really like this game i hope the act 4 will come sooner :v
76561198066950137,Recommended,257030,22697820,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,OneWes,You feel like a badass destroying targets one after another or multiple at a time with your missles. Worth the money.
76561198111216331,Recommended,257030,29460537,Posted: 24 January,all,GetRekT,nice mech  game !!!
,Recommended,257030,29331209,Posted: 17 January,all,GimmeGoodTeammate,"This game basically a mech game (Front Mission, Gundam, Armored Core, whatever you call it) combined with Ace Combat, some people who like game with Ace Combat elements, will like Project Nimbus I guess, aside of the weird texture of the mech, animation of the mech which is not quite smooth, this game is really cool. I hope the game will be polished so much on the final release"
76561198161859768,Recommended,257030,30991841,Posted: 6 April,all,Luminescence,Good game!!! Just hope it'll be even more better~
76561198047609554,Recommended,257030,13876028,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Jimmy_Noodles,"If your into fast paced FPS and mech games deff snatch this up. Dont mind the steam hour count i have many more. Remember it is early-access so some features aren't working atm, but the devs are very active. This game is an awesome game to play and if you have any interest in the genre's ive mentoned above you WILL have fun with this one!"
76561197994799772,Recommended,257030,30948288,Posted: 4 April,all,Crimson King,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
,Recommended,257030,23780075,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,fzeo,"Graphic 10/10Gameplay 10/10Waiting for next update. Cant wait to be in battleframe.p/s: if you fans of mecha anime, you should have this. I have no regret."
,Recommended,257030,25412693,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,"✪『Satan, Sex & No Regrets』",The only good early access game I've ever played.I have high standards.
,Recommended,257030,25420454,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,CrunchyCoke,It keeps getting better and better as each update rolls out!
76561198064745915,Recommended,257030,25692076,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Synesthesia,good game
76561198142016288,Recommended,257030,25511769,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,OnyX,i litereally rate this game 10/10 amazing gameplay wonderful story very cool soundtrack i realy like when the BGM changed from horor to calm BGM and my favorite part is boss battle i hope Anime & game studios will notice this game and make a series for this gem <3(sry for my english)
,Recommended,257030,21031232,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Gretto,Best mech/anime game on Steam if that is what you are looking for.I made gameplay video of one of the missions if you don't mind seeing a videoof one of the later missions:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUO620bMIrs
,Recommended,257030,12822910,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,JoeTheSmiter,"I bought the game before I even finished watching the trailer on Facebook and it was a great decision. I've got half an hour into it now and I love it. It's my new favorite mecha game. It's fast paced, it's frantic. You need twitch responses and your brain can hardly keep up with the barrages of missiles and clusters of enemies. My only criticisms are that I wish the keys were rebindable, and I wish that if you're using a gamepad it told you the gamepad buttons, not the keyboard buttons, but I'm sure those will be fixed, as it's only in Early Access currently."
76561198042961513,Recommended,257030,12825851,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,AdventArise,"I havent played a game this fun in awhile. mechs, guns, guns, and more mechs."
,Recommended,257030,16943410,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,SuCu,It has a nice feature.
,Recommended,257030,33726046,Posted: 22 July,all,Z I D A N E,Gundam fan? Get this!
,Recommended,257030,35242954,Posted: 27 September,all,FoFun34,"Having stuck by this game since it was in early access like I mean the start of act 2 I immediately fall on love with the games mechanics, characters and MECHS I would gladly say this game is for people who do enjoy a fast past, action packed mech fighter game with a decent if not spectacular story and do applaud the development team on their hard work.10/10 my favorite game I have played all year!"
,Recommended,257030,23937407,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Xylak,Three times better than the average Early Access game
,Recommended,257030,29566958,Posted: 29 January,all,"Beauregard ""Buck"" Tudrussell","If any part of you enjoys the mecha genre, but found that modern mech shooters are too grounded in, well, the ground, then try Project Nimbus. This game has a focus on flying mechs as opposed to games such as Titanfall or Hawken with more grounded mechs. One of my favorite aspects is how many of the mechs are named after real vehicles (Mi-24 ""Krokodil"", M1A2 Abrams, etc.) The campaign has 3 full acts at this point, and survival contains a variety of mechs to toy around with and test your skill against waves of enemies. For $15, you couldn't really ask for much more in an Early Access game (the graphics aren't mindblowing but they are still immersive, especially with the new cockpit view). My only complaint is no multiplayer, but other than that this is the flying-mech sim I have been waiting for on PC."
,Not Recommended,257030,30563536,Posted: 16 March,all,nul,"Don't go in expecting any sort of depth on par with other mech combat games. There really isn't any strategy here, just lock on and shoot. There's only 3 situations where you have to move:1) Forward. Because you're not close enough to lock on.2) Left and right, rarely backwards. Because something outdamages you.3) Somewhere, because tiny things behind god knows how many obstacles.You can hit F to never take damage from missiles, too.The projectiles are god awfully slow and there's no way for you or the enemy to hit anything other than locking on, unless you wanna struggle with melee. The problem with locking on is that any change in trajectory after the projectile is fired is a miss. This goes for both you and the enemy. However, the enemy will not actively dodge. You can A/D+Space for godmode.So how does this differ from games like Armored Core?Because in AC, you have significantly less room to outright spam your mobility. Boosting around a lot will leave you empty and vulnerable. In PN however, even if you run out of booster (somehow.), if you're far enough back, the enemy will still miss from normal movement.AC had limited ammo, and in the later games, different damage types. This means you have to conserve, and make sure you're using the right weapons on the right enemies. Or pack a sword, which, felt much more clean to use, however, drains your energy upon use. PN you can just fire everything as they reload. Nothing is being wasted, you're just clearing faster. And none of the enemies seemed any different from each other. They were too small to notice any visual difference, and the only seemingly functional differences were the speed their healthbar depletes, and whether or not I need to press F. Thankfully, the speed of healthbar depletion means nothing, it'll be dead when it's dead, and the game constantly reminds me of when I need to press F.Press F to pay respects."
,Not Recommended,257030,33024690,Posted: 29 June,all,AUTISMUS MAXIMUS,"This game is ridiculously horribly balanced when it comes to the story mode. They will quite often throw you up against completely unreasonable enemies that can one-shot, defy the laws of physics (What little is actually followed) For instance, the black knights which wil circle you and I've actually fouind no reliable way to beat, since as soon as you get a bead on a single one they rocket off out of your range at four or five times your max speed. This game needs some SERIOUS rebalancing.Not EVEN to mention half the voice lines either sound like an unenthusiastic try, save what emotions there are. ALso the subtitles rarely fit what's said. Neato burrito, since you can get voice lines to overlap as easy as hell at which point there's only subs for one line of the two.You hop being different characters, mechs, and even enemy factions with as little notice as the level beginning and they call you by a different name.Some of the levels are so overly crowded with walls and buildings that it feels more like I wanna be the guy than a mech game. Also gravity and air friction aren't a thing, so take that how you will.I'm not even new to the mech games genre, either. Having played the whole of Armored Core, mechwarrior, Hawken, and others of all stripes. Perhaps Ace Combat skills might fit a little better here.Infinite ammo for everything. Yes, this is a complaint. I would understand infinite ammo for the laser blade (Which is nearly useless, you'd get more effect out of just ramming some poor guy) But resource managing is nonexistant, even though that might help cushion having completely different equipment every mission, by the way, no you can't choose.I got to the mission just past the four horsemen of bullsh!ttery, where you're now equipped with an over-booster (Original idea donut steel) which blocks half the screen and does... What? I mean I get some big cannon meant for taking out the bigger enemies which does comparable damage to tossing a ping-pong ball REALLY HARD, meanwhile they get a bead on me with SOMETHING and I die without knowign what happened.Oh yeah, you probably won't know what's even going on half the time, too.This game has a LOT of potential, but right now it just does SO MANY THINGS WRONG."
,Not Recommended,257030,24225442,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Wales Grey,Totally unready for release.
76561198090784591,Recommended,257030,22835602,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ZeroChannel,"Game kept crashing and support wasnt any help so I got a refund,looked foward to blasting♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the air......"
,Not Recommended,257030,19901642,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,endcrab,"Nah mate give it another year or two, see if it ever even gets finished. Dropped it when I got to an escort mission where they take the main mecha from you. The whole game is super floaty, the main mecha is overpowered and you're fighting at such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ranges that you almost never actually see anything besides green indicators for what you're shooting at. They tried for armored core, but the scale is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The potential to have that sense of speed is there, but armored core managed to have that while you fought at knife ranges, and in this you'll end up lobbing macross missile spam from well beyond visual range of anything you're shooting at.TLDR they tried but nothing actually came out the way they wanted it to. Cool idea can't execute it right."
76561197999544837,Not Recommended,257030,23020036,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Carack,"Pros:- there not so many  mecha games on PC right nao, especially in 3d combat format.- easy to play- low system req- they actually trying to do smth with this gameCons:- ""Korean Schizophrenia"" instead of a plot (yes i know that game needs a plot slightly better than a porn but there must be some kind of  ""borders"" id say) maybe its because i-grown-in-other-country/read different books/something lost durning translation- flight control in closed spaces (inside base/in a middle of a city) is awful- pure weapon group system is kinda  ""third leg"" here - controller/keyboard have much more buttons than 5 so there is a point to use system like in ""Mechwarrior online""- early access is early, too early"
,Recommended,257030,23294552,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Anueis1,Varey Fun!
76561198013412135,Recommended,257030,12827195,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,akonikun,"tl;dr: I recommend, if you're already familiar with mech games, enjoy very fast pace mech fights, and not coming for story (yet).I really have mixed feelings about this game, but I'll save my personal bias and try to break this game down for anyone trying to decide on getting this game. First off, I'd probably ask, how bad are you craving a game like this? If you expect Armored Core's near perfection for that money, then you might want to hold off for a second. However, if you're craving high speed mecha combat then there's a good chance this is your perfect game. If you're familiar with Zone of the Enders, Armored Core, Macross, and a few of the Gundam games then for the most part, you should feel right at home. If not, then I'd suggest looking them up so you know what I'm talking about.This game is literally a marriage of the previously mentioned games/anime. It has the Macross ridiculousness (in weapons), Armored Core mech style (without the customization), Zone of the Enders high speed pace, and Gundam's insane over-powered feel. I played the game on an Xbox 360 controller and the controls aren't difficult to learn, but a bit of a challenge to master.If you're coming for the story, you might be better off waiting, as it seems like only Act 1 is available, unless you like that sort of thing. Having just finished it, and Act 2 not activated yet for me as of 11/7, I must admit that the cutscenes are very well made, and the voice acting is VERY good considering that it's an indie game. The story is almost like an Armored Core game where you're only semi-immersed, you only hear voices and you lack that personal feel that Gundam, Zone of the Enders, and Macross tend to have, granted the 3 are role playing games and/or are based off anime. As someone already said, there's a survival mode that is very much like the Strike Suit games, and for me, I can only do survival for so long.Graphics are decent, very impressive for a small scale indie game, yet not something I'd be geeking out about (I think the voice acting is something I'd be praising before the graphics). I played on Very High on my gaming laptop, and only experienced a few lags, but that was fine. I'd say it would look like a Gundam Vs. environment, with Armored Core 4Answer mechs. If anything, the mechs are pretty small compared to the scale of the environment (I might just be a mid-close combat person and I'm just complaining that the quick boost shoots me passed the AI).Overall, I support this game. I might seem a bit over critical, or comparing it to everything else, but it's just what I'm thinking, it's that vibe I get from playing it."
76561198149939334,Recommended,257030,35235703,Posted: 26 September,all,Echo141,i enjoyed the game very fun
76561198201590643,Recommended,257030,34018380,Posted: 4 August,all,Aigis,Shoot EVERYTHING that moves.
,Recommended,257030,18370016,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,BeerForKids,A Third Person Mech Shooter with very similar design and Gameplay elementswhen compared to Armoured core 4 & For Answer.Simply put think of it as Armoured core for Answer on PC with a uglyUI and no customization but keeps the feel of Fast paced mech action.This game has a lot of potential and is worth supporting if you are aHuge mecha fan like myself.It is very Alpha and it shows.But the Content so far is fairly fun and shows promise.All it needs is decent multiplayer Mech customization a Better UI and Options MenuAnd some small changes to be a truly Brilliant Mech game the likes we have not seenSince something like Exteel [NCSofts Mech MMO that was shut down in 2010]In Depth Impressions & Thoughts here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VDVefQ2hWA
,Recommended,257030,25696011,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Strayed,It's basically if someone mixed Armored Core 4 and Ace Combat together. I think that's all that really needs to be said? Oh and it's actually using a real game engine instead of that Unity Crap.
,Recommended,257030,12811923,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Lakkan,"It barely makes me feel like an autistic teenager with a girl's name, 10/10."
76561198023785036,Recommended,257030,12815138,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ichirou Kawashima,Game Of The Year
76561197972523043,Not Recommended,257030,13902744,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Prince Silvermane,"I'm not giving this game a score, not because it's bad... No it's really good and fun.  The problem is that it's 15$ for maybe a few hours of fun.  It's great fun, but it's an Early Access game.It has a lot of potential to be a great game.  And I'll review it proper once it is.  As it is now, just give it a wait until then unless you're just super in the mood for an Ace Combat like game with Mechs."
,Not Recommended,257030,25986184,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Monarch98,"When I first got this game, it ran, but *barely so.* At the time, I had a Lenovo Yoga 2 Pro laptop, so I figured it was simply having only Intel Integrated HD 10__ graphics, so I dealt with it and had fun with what I could play. Come 8 months later, and the game *won't even load.* I run a Dell XPS 15 9550 with an Intel i7-6600HQ processor and NVIDIA GTX GeForce 960M graphics card (running 64-bit Windows 10 Home Edition), yet the game crashes the moment the ""U"" shows up on loading. Regardless of if I try running it in 64-bit or 32-bit, the game simply won't load. The developers need to fix this issue of game crashes before I can give them a good review. Back when the game would actually load, it was a lot of fun (even when I was running it in 800x600 graphics to be able to play), but its current issues are absolutely unbearable.0/10, waste of money."
,Not Recommended,257030,22820905,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,NeDix!,"K, after the hype of playing and rewatch Z gundam, i am changing this to not recommend until they add a CUSTOM VIPER M5 with railgun, GIVE ME THE Z GUNDAM >:(!OLD:Best indie game i had play :)OLD:Where is act 3 D:!?JAPANESE VOICE VERSION! OH BOY! ....The dream of japanese mecha game is happening and isnt a japanese game ROFL (:3)rz"
76561198066066511,Not Recommended,257030,18690470,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,taxicabdriver,Not Finished and horrible mechanics-This game is the definition of linear-story lacks-getting lag on low with a 3.5ghz quad core-crashes alot-its barley a point and click shooter
76561198075961993,Not Recommended,257030,14220639,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Calamitysora,If u played macross frontier in PSP about 5 years ago u will find this game is a simple and inferior copy of that.
,Not Recommended,257030,13673278,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Welltall,"For a game claiming to be a tonic for mech fans while being ""able to bring a new, fresh taste to the genre"", I feel like I'm playing a primitive chimera of classic Japanese mecha titles. Nothing to see here."
76561198009812472,Not Recommended,257030,35332461,Posted: 30 September,all,ZageTemplar,"This game has problems, its good, it has a lore and design down but this game, well the moment i booted up the game had all all acts available to me, so take this game with a grain of salt"
,Not Recommended,257030,19068492,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Mt. Yellow True Monarch,My graphics card melted
76561198018479223,Not Recommended,257030,13086315,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,E6PO1,"You'll notice i have 5.3 hrs on record. This is less then 1 hr in the entire campaign, and the rest trying to beat the final boss. You breeze throught the entire campaign in no time just to meet the boss mech. I think they mustve updated it because i even looked up walkthroughs and their videos dont show the boss spawning anywhere near the npc floaty death things it does when i play and I just can not win. it looks great so itried and tried very hard before posting this but when i realized the playthroughs of previous builds had people beating with 100% health it comes out as a tactic to pull more play time out."
,Not Recommended,257030,26503628,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,JT,Definitely not worth £10.99.
76561198041983916,Not Recommended,257030,14942595,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,freestyle,i feel dizzy playing this game.
,Not Recommended,257030,17592587,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,robbie.herman222,terrible
,Not Recommended,257030,13064118,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Nithryok,"This game looked promising. After playing act1 which took near 20 minutes to complete it, this game is not worth it at all. Combat is sloppy, you autolock fire all weapons, movement is not fluid and feels as if it were designed for a controler. There is 0 mech customization and no multiplayer. The games graphics are horrible, PS1 Armor core looks better than this current game. Most missions take place in a blank open slate world, so it is also not pleasing to the eyes.I would not purchase this game."
76561198153432626,Not Recommended,257030,13715674,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Aot123boop,its sucks
,Not Recommended,257030,12949504,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Maquiavelo,This game isn't Work is allways crashin on mac on winows i7 16gb ram and ati radeom 2gb whats going on ?
76561198089405967,Not Recommended,257030,35234043,Posted: 26 September,all,bomboyage1998,"I like the concept of it, but the problem is the movement of the mech sucks. Its too fast. I understand why you guys want it to be fast but you guys made waaay too fast. Like just bring it down by 10%. I like your story and all but I think this game will need a remake. same story, a little bit change in missions, and definitely a big change in the graphic and artwork and also gameplay. I'm not giving this a negative review for having ps2 graphics but it is destroying the coolness of your mech. Mech games are about the visualization mostly. Your missiles are barely seen. Just lights. Awesome soundtrack thoEdit: you know what I'll change this(maybe) after I've gotten a very beast pc and played on max settings."
,Not Recommended,257030,35228479,Posted: 26 September,all,Full Metal Jackass,A quantum leap backwards from Z.O.E.
76561198006967152,Not Recommended,257030,33138080,Posted: 2 July,all,Überguy,"Ignore the ♥♥♥♥ rating the game divine. Only a weeabo otaku gamer can enjoy this where every mech is a stiff polygon skeleton with a disgustingly dedicated chibi women/mech religion aka Evangelion disease. The game are less than decent for an Early Access game, UI design are horrible and will lead you astray the first attempts and missions are below a minute long if done right. All in all a poorly constructed game with waaaay too easy bosses.SCRATCH THIS GARBAGE GAME FOLKS AND GET YOURSELVES Strike Suit Zero, a PERFECT Mech game! <3"
76561198100814520,Recommended,257030,24111818,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,OhmanIwishIhadLegs,"I love this game overall, but there are a few things that could be added. First of all, CHECKPOINTS. I hate failing at the end of a mission, and then having to fully restart. then there is the amount of missions. I completed them fairly quickly. There are only 3 Acts so far, but there is a slot for a fourth. As far as I know, this game is still in Alpha. If you are willing to overlook everything that I've said against it, and have the patience to wait fo the updates, then get it. Personally, I do. 8/10Update: There are now 20 acts, and this is still a great game. The newest mission does have some bugs, especially that GODDAMN MISSILE SPAM, and still no checkpoints. Still, 8.5/10 for the continuing content and the still very fun gameplay."
,Recommended,257030,13879340,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,SpartanInaho00,"One thing they could improve or remake, is the player's main battleframe. its suppose to be a state of the art battlesuit but it feel to heavy/slow and not really something long mecha fans want, i expected the mc to be piloting a high speed multi-purpose mech like  the white glint or gundam-like looks. Tip toDevs: Show us Mirai we wanna see mirai and the other characters, the game feels to dull without visual characters."
76561198069009051,Recommended,257030,13879795,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Kaga http://skinsplanets.com,"Project Nimbus is an extremely fast paced and rapid mech game. Fast reactions aren't exactly necessary, but quickly switching between weapons is an essential skill in the game, especially when using Mirai. Weapons automatically reload even after switching, so familiarize yourself with all your weapon keys.Mobility and utilizing your boosts are one of the most vital skills in the game. Lots Missiles and bullets will be coming your way, so be sure to move around a lot. The music is beautiful, especially in the Act 1 Mission: Rise, Mirai!!Pros:- Fast paced- Easy to learn- Lots of explosions and bullets- Excellent MusicCons:- Horrible, HORRIBLE framerate lags on mac, even on very low graphic settings (macs suck)- In tight, enclosed battle areas, the camera clips into walls and ceilings, making it a bit frustrating- No good cutscenes, all of them are rather simple and without much detail- Characters are dull, no emotional attachment to them whatsoever. Then again, there is only one act so far- Zero customization, although that may change in future updates- WHERE'S THE GIRL IN THE FIRST TRAILER???Keep in mind that despite all the cons, this game is still rather early in its development. I expect many changes to be made not only to the gameplay, but also to the story and maybe even the cutscenes, graphics, characters, etc.Currently a 8/10, although technically little higher because I suffer from framerate lags that are absurdly annoying. It would be 20/10 if the girl from the trailer was added, no framerate lags, and improved cutscenes (srsly, who doesn't like it when girls are placed into these games?)"
,Recommended,257030,14653308,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,RazeE,This game is addictive. I have high hopes for this game since its LIKE THE ONLY MECHA GAME ON PC.
,Recommended,257030,15881652,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Legios Nomen Mechanica,"Seduced me at first sight. After playing it, the only thing that could make it better in my eyes are two things: What they're already doing (Finishing the game as their goals currently stand) and Customization of the battle frames. With those two things, or maybe just the first one, I would say that anyone with a love of mecha and fast-paced, energetic combat should buy this game. Throw money everywhere. Make it rain, my comrades."
,Recommended,257030,16542930,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Shortpower,Found a new favorite game :D!
,Recommended,257030,16385601,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lord Hayato,"Great game! Just wished my computer was good enough to run the graphics setting ""Graphic card melt""..."
76561198094064828,Recommended,257030,16254013,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,#Snackbar,"The Moment I step In to the action.. I just felt something wow.. That Fast Paced Action Packed Mech Game was awesomeI enjoy playing this game cannot say anymore...If you ever played Any Gundam,ZoE 1 & 2, Any AC Franchise..and for sometime you ask if there will be a game that the Gameplay/Difficulty/Mech-ActionThis is a game for you guys out there..Man o Man I'm Recommending this game11/10 :)"
76561198027880363,Recommended,257030,16576955,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BayneRav,awe decisions decisions... sorta
76561197995477509,Recommended,257030,16362584,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,bubbeld,just by playing some minutes on the game survival this game is amazing :D only 1.8 gb so flued and fun :o
,Recommended,257030,16383953,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jack Forsythe,"I put the graphics setting to 'melt my video card', welp, I need a new video card! Its a fun game and really fast, sometimes too fast. There are times I finish objectives sooner than i can get the story dialouge and that disappoints me a bit D:"
,Recommended,257030,15572285,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,☆ Strat3gist,A very fast paced mech action game
76561198006115001,Recommended,257030,15746497,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,why no zoidberg,for anyone that loves the likes of armored core or zone of the enders this is that sort of game and it's well worth the price of admission. its about fast mecha flying around blasting one another more like gundam seed less like battletech i'd highly recomend it.
,Recommended,257030,16610981,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,2jz,"This games has pretty fast-paced gameplay, provided that you have a non-potato PC. The game is basically flying around and shooting things as far as I can tell, but hopefully as the story/ campaign is expanded upon it'll get more interesting and in the best case scenario have multiplayer.Note: It currently runs on DX9, so I would look forward to a move to DX10 or 11 for the increased performance and better visuals. But as of right now it's kind of incomplete (which is why it's Early Access) and simple. I like it."
76561198026729130,Recommended,257030,18451544,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,[HPAW]Shad0wReaper133,"I really only have 3 ""complaints"" about this game, and those can be solved over time with optimization. Firstly,  when I look at the water in survival mode (and probably the other modes) at a certain angle, it flickers rapidly. Secondly, the major FPS dip (like from 60 all the way to 20) you get with firing off smart missile and other weapons at the same time. Lastly, the ""jet"" streams from the back of your mech, it could just be that it is unfinished at this point of time but the animation seems extremly clunky. Aside from wanting the ability to make my own mech, I enjoy playing this game a lot and I can't wait to see what's next!"
,Recommended,257030,17996959,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,FilmBar,เป็นเกมของปร ะเทศไทยเกมๆนึงและที่ผมฃอบมากๆระบบก็ดี   เสียงปละเพลงประกอบก็ดี กราฟฟิกก็ไม่ได้แย่มากสำหรับเกมแนวนี้แต่สิ่งที่ผมชอบที่สุดคือเสียงพากย์ ทั้งพากย์ไทยและeng คือมันได้อารมณ์มากครับ
,Recommended,257030,18178621,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Erzz,"Mirai feels so much like gundam, in survival mode, I just fly into a bunch of enemy and use energy sword.Also everytime I use funnel, I say: go fangs!"
76561198112041261,Recommended,257030,17968476,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Major_Gonads,"Z.O.E. Yes, Gundam....eh.....I wouldn't say that (Seeing as Gundams, well, Mobilesuits are very humanoid and the mechs in Nimbus are more.....mechy than humany) but it's a fair discription, HOWEVER they are missing one part. Ace Combat, more precisely Ace Combat 4 (The best imho of the series) the focus on the detail of the mechs over the world (Though still a pretty game :3) unlimited ammo for weapons, Pilot chatter and little refferences to AC4, on your first mission your commander saying it's his birthday and a victory would be nice, having to save a civilian airline from small targets on a time limit, destroying floor generators while you get harrassed by enemy mecha and ground turrets (I dunno if there is more AC references I've only played 50ish mins of the game so far) so I'd say Z.O.E meets Gundam meets Ace Combat.Which is what makes this game awesome. Seriously, such a simple little concept for a game, you fly about in a mech and kill other mechs, no need to worry about ammo or damage really aslong as you keep mobile just destroy all the enemy. The mecha design though generic is nice, reminds me alot of the mass-produced Mobilesuits in Gundam OO (Aswell as the whole super nations infact) same with the weapon loadouts, the voice acting is great in that Ace Combat cheesy way, who cares if it isn't Shakespeare, it's perfect for this game and I hope they just add more of it (And more accents, the Russian accent had me grinning). The gameplay being a hybrid of Z.O.E. and Ace Combat is fast paced and adrenaline fueled, nothing slow about it (Unlike Armored Core which could get slow sometimes) flares are so welcome and they're so easy to use.Ok for some criticsm well, the controls are alittle janky, it plays better with a game pad but I couldn't for the life of me figure out how to swap weps with the gamepad so I had to go back to keyboard & mouse. The camera and auto lock just like in Ace Combat can be abit frustrating, it likes to lock onto enemies not by you and you have to fight it to regain control but in my short stint that's really all I can think of.So yeah, if I was one of these game journo types and I did the old number score things I'd give this a Solid 8 ""This is no Zaku boy!"" out of 10, play it."
76561198034603641,Recommended,257030,18153656,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,RiftRunner,NOTE this review will be updated over the course of my playthtrough.1st 15 minutes: Good impression so far the control being the centerpoint as it feels like a ace combat or armored core title.Menus are a little clucky for pc on first use but they dont seem to be a notable issue.Decided to Aquaint myself with the controls in a survival get things going. Right away the speed and responsiveness is a the forefront. Good controls on keyboard and mouse despite many reccomending a controller. the only thing that hits me at the moment is the picture in picture zoom is  little jarring and the initial boost pulse is a tad slow (could just be the model that i am using berkut-standard)Overall very good first impressions despite a few questions of polish and personal preference...
,Recommended,257030,18153717,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Not_Hunter,"This game is cool. It feels odd and floaty since I'm used to armored core, and the voice and SFX get drowned out by background music, but it has a lot of potential to be very good if it gets enough development to refine the core gameplay.Try it if you like mechas and can handle crazy high speed flight."
,Recommended,257030,18675101,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,mangakaninja,"great game but:  POOR INTERFACE, the menu suck, the optimization isn't there yet, and the GUI (user interface) is TRASH from the 90's, it needs a proper redesign.the pacing of the mission, graphics and gameplay is spot on though....  a bit too much ""inspiration"" from gundam Unicorn lol"
76561198024315655,Recommended,257030,22732812,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,legoboyx100,"Just got this game but fantastic gameplay, lost of fun in survival saldy theres only one map right now, but there are multiple different types of mech which make it fun"
,Recommended,257030,22668552,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Hangmen13,Project Nimbus takes the odd combination of Ace Combat with Zone Of The Enders and then chucked it into a blender filled with our favourite cliches and archetypes. The result is a love letter to everything that we have come to love in mecha animes and games.READ MORE HERE
,Recommended,257030,22716142,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Pedro Steckecilo,Really fun but... messy... definately an early access title but it's considerably more fun to play than Strike Suit Zero.
,Recommended,257030,22703941,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,KOappC,"I've been screaming at my computer with my eyes buldged since I installed this game...Project Nimbus, where have you been all my life, and why was I so reluctant to give you a try based solely on a missing first-person mode?The story is great, after swapping a couple controls around for my own comfort the gameplay feels good, and the music makes the whole thing so marvelously epic that I had to turn down sound effects and voices so that I could crank my heaphones up to max.I'm impressed so far.  I wish there were more ambient world textures and backgrounds, but there is so much going on in the story and the gameplay that I can easily forgive and forget about that once I hit boost."
,Recommended,257030,22722418,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Elmo's World,"Honestly if you are a hardcore Mecha/Gundam fan like me, you will love this game.To be frank because of the Steam Weekend Anime Sale I found this amazing game that, I can assure you many mecha fans will love; especially Gundam Fans as Bandai's Gundam Games like GUNDAM VS GUNDAM EXTREAM FULL BOOST does not really give you the option to choose how you want to pilot the Mobile Suit/Mech as they only give you a lock on User Interface and incoming projectile warning while setting the dodge mechanic to double tapping the directional keys (Combat feels very limited and basic in what you can do).When I first started playing this game, my initial thought is that it would be a pinch to play this game as this is extreamly fast-paced which gave me the impression that if would be easy to dodge enemy projectiles and missiles etc.I was in fact very wrong, reason being that to dodge homing missiles you need to constantly use your flares and to do so, you need to listen to the beeping sound of the incoming missiles in order to use your flares properly, sounds easy right? Hah!...sigh... its actually pretty hard as you have to manage who else is gunning you plus by that time; you probably already have at least 3 high performance mecha(s)/Gundam(s) on your tail firing at you and launching everything they have at you machine guns, railguns, missiles, etc thus getting low armour and being shot down. Mind you that this is only normal mode(Casual Gamer) and the action is already putting you on your feet.This game resembles actual proper mech combat for non-atmosphere and probably atmosphere, also the User Interface is well thought out for this kind of fast paced mech combat. Mech controls and moves like how u want it to fly and the mechs are well designed and thought out with realistic combat in mind.The only bad thing about this game is the freaking missile spam by the massive ammount of A.I. in the combat zone. The reason that this is bad is because you will have at least 30-50 homing missiles chasing you on a regular basis. This is so as sometimes you are the only person doing that particular mission and its like 1 v 20 mechs multiplied by the missiles that they can fire = you cant even attack them without having to worry about the missile barage thats gonna exterminate you if 10 of them hit.With that being said, this is a very fun and challenging Mecha simulator and although it being above averagely difficult; this is one of the best Mecha Simulator I've played although it is in its Early Access develoment. Easy to play, Hard to Master.10/10 would recommend to any hardcore or non-hardcore Mecha/Gundam fans out there who want realistic and fast-paced Mecha combat.P.S. (Gundam Reference) You can finally pilot your own Mobile Suit with custom Psycoframe thats launches Beam Funnels like Char Aznable/Amuro Ray/Kira Yamato/Athrua Zala/Shin Asuka/Hero Yuy and be a Newtype/Coordinator/Seed Holder or whatever you want cuz this game gives you the freedom to choose how you pilot the Mech during combat !!!"
,Recommended,257030,22514329,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Sebass-Chan,"Unfinished and still needs major polish, but constant frequent updates and fun Ace-Combat/Armored Core gameplay make it enjoyable."
76561198086977640,Recommended,257030,20964234,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,[Karma]Destroyer,the only thing i would like to see differnt is the ability to make your own mech and to have many different parts to choose from and a optional story line to play through as an origanl character. over all 1000000000000000/10
76561198056196744,Recommended,257030,20985009,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,llllllllll,This game reminds me alot of Armored Core and having such a fast pace mech game on PC is pretty great
,Recommended,257030,21168609,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Supreme Slav Nikolai,This is a fast paced awesome mech game with easy controls and aweome fights! Not many down sides except very minor nit picks.
,Recommended,257030,19917781,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Shin Haruhi,i love mehca
76561198189621071,Recommended,257030,20020555,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Chibi,I enjoyed the fast paced action and it anime like feeling.
,Recommended,257030,20249129,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,704 Tsugumori,Great game and awesome graphics. The mech selection is great and the battles are fast paced.
76561198093976839,Recommended,257030,20504486,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SORALIZED,Absolutely WORTH IT !!!!!This game is probably my best mech game evergo on buy it now !!!
,Recommended,257030,30680021,Posted: 22 March,all,ニンフィア ❤,"A game similar to Gundam's old fashioned combat arcade and Strike Suit Zero's dogfighting, which came out as a pretty good dogfighting humanoid game.Pros:1. An interesting twist of using humanoid machines as the fighting machine instead of fightersThis gives out more possibilities in manueovers as you can go in different directions and avoid missiles/projectiles, which is usually impossible in other dogfight games that lacks backward motion.2. Super fast paced combat gameCompared to other similar dogfighting games, this game has the fastest pace I've ever seen as the velocity of everything (including your own mech) is super high.3. Homages to other mecha seriesSome said this game is like Armored core (unfortunately I did not play that game so I can't be sure), and I'm certain that I've heard a Gundam reference about 3 times the speed somewhere, a nice little touch.4. Low requirementsDespite the nature of the game even a weak laptop can run this game smoothly most of the time, given that there aren't many flying objects in the screen as this game doesn't eat a lot of ram.5. Short and to point mission briefing and voice recordsThe mission briefing gives a pretty nicely made cutscene (in 3D) which states most things that you will need to know. The records can be heard or not to be heard, which does not affect gameplay but good for players who wanted to know the story more. This is a nice touch as it balances both gameplay and story in a nice blend.Cons:1. Speed might be a little bit too highSure this is the sell point of the game, but the game is sometimes too high that you can't actually see what is happening and you're just like fire fire fire fire all your missiles and boom. Especially painful if you are playing in a tight area as you are way too fast to be controlled comfortably.2. Mech designs and movements are too crudeAlthough the railguns/missile pods do activate correctly which is pretty nice, the fact that the Mechs' movement is slightly too plain which harms the visual experience. Adding the fact that humanoid machines are counter-productive for aerial combat, the designers should try and make aerial machines more aerial-like (such as Strike Gundam which needs the Aile to fly in extended periods of time), instead of just some mechs that thrust around in the air. However I'm no pro so that's up to the designers.3. Voice actors are not too goodMirai's voice actor doesn't sound like her avatar shown in the pic. Apart from that, the voice actors are a bit too bland similar to Strike Suit Zero who suffered from similar issues (which is understandable because of the lack of voice actors). Apart from that, during the start of a mission or some important part of the story (such as the part where the pilot switches from the M1 to the M3) should also have some cinematics, which is lacking the the game."
,Recommended,257030,20875468,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Yasukaze_,I recommended this game. I feel like playing Ace Combat again but this time with humanoid robots.
76561198256798336,Recommended,257030,21379076,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,novaimmortal,I loved it! every moment of gameplay was a lot of fun. the only issues i had was frames dropping and a minor freeze during the prison fight. i definately cant wait for the finish product.
76561198120881775,Recommended,257030,21301933,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,[MIKU] Xachou,This game is going to be beautiful when it fully releases. I like how it has that fast-pace action like Gundams.
,Recommended,257030,21241803,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,|VIP| Xray_Doc,"ZoE2 is my favorite game of all time. If you love mech games in general, you should buy this game. However, it has flaws despite being an amazingly enjoyable game.Whilst it lacks heavy custimization options in the menu, the dev is very open in helping people edit .ini files to appease their game tastes in the steam discussions. A dev communicating a lot with the player is a huge positive for me as well.Indoor levels seem really finicky with how much the HUD can take up space, I hope we can change stuff like that in the future.This game is REALLY hard on harder difficulties and later levels. Don't be afraid if you need to tone down the difficulty, but when you do beat it on a high level it feels great. I just hope for more checkpoints in the future.While it has many flaws, for what the game has to offer and it's price, I see this as something you should get if you're a mech fan or want a game with awesome gameplay. Hopefully when this comes out of early access it is a must buy."
76561198078338341,Recommended,257030,23898871,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,zer0cypher,"TL;DR: Gameplay is good, but the missions, backstory and design need some polish. Oh and some originality would be nice too.So there are not many mech games for the PC. Good ones especially. Well, here's some hope for you.Project Nimbus is basically Another Century's Episode mixed with Ace Combat. But, if you thought that this would be a pale imitation of those 2, well, you might be a bit wrong.Controls aren't especially tight, but that's probably a good thing since most levels are open airspaces. The mobility of the mechs invokes Armored Core 4/For Answer's feel, where you actually can somehow feel the momentum of the frames as you slow down from a full boost.Battles often feel like a 3D bullet hell game (yes, I'm looking at you, fake Arkbird) so you'll have to dodge in all 3 axes of movement so to avoid becoming Swiss cheese. You also have flares too to avoid missiles. The main draw of this game is definitely the hectic and very much fast-paced combat. You'll be rushing towards effective range, dodging missiles, maneuvering yourself away from the enemy fire and trying your best to shoot down your foe in all the same time. The developer was even generous enough to program a button to slow down the action so you can observe the eye candy, which may include an Itano circus, lasers and other tropes common in mech anime and video games.The music is very nice to hear too, but the voice acting was somewhat a hit and miss. While there may be many references towards many other titles in this genre (3x faster tropes, funnels and whatnot referencing Gundam), however originality is a bit at stake here. One mission was probably directly ripped off from Ace Combat 5 (see: White Bird part 1), which was made worse by the fact that they did not bother to change the names of some of the vehicles as well as the mission pacing.Despite the issues above, I enjoyed the game very well and look forward to what the devs can put in the final product."
76561198263802365,Recommended,257030,23267265,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,pvongkorad,"I don't tend to write reviews at all, on anything.And that should give people a rough idea of just how amazing this game is so far.Fast-paced, reasonably challenging combat mixed with a good soundtrack, good voice acting, and better lore.....And in the Mech genre, to boot!There's no reason to not give this a try!"
76561198085748022,Recommended,257030,25259911,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,supermanfan87,Very good so far love it feels like zone of enders meets armored core. Playing on steam controller
76561198035189601,Recommended,257030,25562351,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Dropbear,"Absolutely amazing game. It really balances graphics and amount of enemies so you shouldn't have too much trouble with the higher graphics settings. It's unfinished atm, but there are regular updates, and enough replayability."
,Recommended,257030,25962729,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,cera.ce,"I can only hope for the best with this games development, however it is very much un-finished.games like Armored Core, specifically 4 Answer, and the Zone of the Enders series share dynamic, fast paced freedom of movement that is more akin to a flight simulator than a shooter.The game is great, however it just isnt done yet."
76561198316011815,Recommended,257030,25929738,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,PepsiStrong,"You fight aboard the high-performance combat robot.As of combat aircraft, you can move the sky to think. You avoid skillfully a lot of missiles, you can beat the opponent.Dogfight is a very pleasant feeling. I would recommend.(Note: October 9, 2016 time)At the moment is the early access version. Chapters 1 and 2 of the campaign, a survival mode you can play.However, the essential game part seems to be finished. Fun."
,Recommended,257030,13912518,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Discomfort A.I,"This game brings you to the next level of mechas dog-fighting battle.Overall the graphic looks good enough and the mechas are so fancies.Some request from me, i think it should have a cockpit camera and please add more weapon with more HUD and more special gear. Oh yeah, i think you dont need to mad a 2 versions for this game, why you not just input the japanese lang pack inside the original game? like we can get japanese voice character speaking, but we also can use the english subtitle. Kanji are hard to read buddy. Thank you"
,Recommended,257030,27304403,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Red Mage 爱,"This really satisfied a gundam kick I was on.Every issue I had with this has been solved by the devs and a little common sense.For anybody else who came across certain weapon/models showing as a bright neon green, just verify integrity and it should be solved."
76561198158216675,Recommended,257030,27341730,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chau_Down,"just needs ground gameplay, customization, and mulitplayer and it'll be perfect."
76561198077111485,Recommended,257030,26703985,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Volaan,"I played for about 3 hours steam is strange, Anyway! Was not what I thouht it was but still a good game!Its NOT like Armored Core or Gundam. Get that out of your head right away.It IS like Hawx/Ace Combat mised with Zone of Enders. Overal its a Air Combat like simulator in a Mech instead of a Jet Fighter.This game has amazing Voice acting along with a awesome soundtrack!Controller use is in the game but it needs more work. Tutorial doesnt tell you controls with controller but its not hard to figure out. If you played Hakx or Hawkx 2 it will feel very close to thiose controls.Story is amazing very interactive and full of depth.This game is worth the money and support I loved playing it but I would play it more if thhe controls were a bit more simplified. To me the Controls feel a bit scattered on controller and menu sometimes just stops working.But in my opion its the best Mech Game we have on steam, there's no Armored Core on PC and We dont have any of the Gundam games nor Virtual-On.. This and Dual Gear will fill that whole in your heart for a bit, but keep coming back for more updates."
,Recommended,257030,26982722,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cythorn Senpai,really great game.
76561198042040005,Recommended,257030,26666947,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,『SSG』[SAS]Burn,Pretty good game for what it is now i would recommend it to people if they like fast gameplay
,Recommended,257030,26680164,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,[Soul_Hacker],"Finally a Game which offers the REAL sadisfaction of a REAL Gundam.It's fast, It's hardcore and it lets you REALLY controll a Gundam-like-Mecha.If you're an Mecha-freak, PLAY THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,257030,13494020,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Porpoise,"A great game for mindlessly zooming around for some fast paced mecha action. Might be better when its actually finished as it only has about an hours worth of content. I would say hold off on getting it but keep an eye out for when its finish. Only buy now if you really wanna scratch that mech itch and are willing to wait for the possibility of bigger and better content.edit: At this point I can't recommend the game anymore. The story that has developed makes it hard to even want to stomach the rest of the game and the constant lag, volume issues, and somewhat clunky combat have made me change my mind. It doesn't help that the speed at which content is released is extremely low."
,Recommended,257030,25429805,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,OCX,The battle system is so flawless.
,Recommended,257030,25949365,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,KafeS,"Pretty awsome game! Good story and backdrop setting. Easy to get start and unreal shoot feeling! But I heard game crafted by only one person, that's the thing I'd like to say as the most important point.StoryPretty common backgroud in all the robotic games. Not bad but still have way to go deep. The connection between between chapters could be more nuanced. In personal view, I like story mode like this a lot, story between protagonists is waht I expect to see in this kind of games.Story 8/10CombotCompot part is more likely qiuck shoot games. Easy to start and not so interesting, thought it's friendly for me, people who are not so good at shooting game. High maneuverability of robot makes comnot more fun, but some weapons are too exaggerated, like the rail gun and missles. I'd like to give it a high score because it's good for me.Combot 7/10MusicBGMs of games are monotonous, that's only point I felt bad. But it's easy to understand, I guess there is no professional music director for game, (if I was wrong, i'd like to apologize for it). And not so many music for robotic games in my past experience.Music 5/10Graphic displayIt's good enough as an independent game with high quality light effect(I'd like to call it light pollution). It's cool to have so much high-speed moving feeling during the game.Graphic 8/10GeneralIt's worth to have such good robotic game in your library! I believed crafter will keep working on this game, and it will be much batter in the following days. Btw, I hope it will have mutiple player mode in the future, I really want to share this game with my friends and play with them togather!General 8/10All above from my personal game experience, only represent my personal veiw, not for any individual or group."
76561198032620718,Recommended,257030,22639942,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,materkwill,"Full supporter of this game in and out. I'v played an hr into it and its one of THE BEST steam purchases I can honestly say I have ever made,hoping there is more to it to come in its future development.However even it being a w.i.p Its a game I can tell that will stay with me, Its an answer to my Mecha'fanboi prayers!!!<(~^_^~)7"
,Recommended,257030,24241798,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Straylize Er'ther,"great game, this is exactly what I dreamed about.when fast paced mech game come to pc with keyboard+mouse control, it's so amazing.I played few games like Windom XP, Cosmic Break, SD Gundam Online, etc. but I think this game is still much better, no fps drop even though I can only play on really low fps like 30 (just because my laptop is old), but I can still enjoy this game with no regret that I bought this game.pros:+ fast paced action, just like everyone said if you like gundam or aldnoah or whatever you'll definitely like this game.+ control is better and easier than I thought, haven't tried it yet with controller but so far I have no problem with keyboard+mouse, and I think I prefer playing it this way.+ full audio, make your battle frames piloting more exciting, you probably know why.+ you won't find a mech game better than this on pc.cons:- japanese voices only available when you're playing japanese version of the game, for some people who love japanese dub better than english dub or whatever, they probably will be dissapointed, but no problem for me tbh.neutral:- no multiplayer- no steam trading cards- no achievements^ I heard 'the developer will add multiplayer in this game' somewhere, I don't remember, I hope it's true.that's it for now,10/10 gotta play more."
,Recommended,257030,24288717,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Chinoborracho,"Bless their indie little hearts. I'm very impressed, the gameplay is well-thought out with tight(ish) controls and a clear progression in difficulty. It's fun to watch, with lots of missiles and lasers filling up the screen, making evasion and speed very important components of gameplay. Making the player use the Normal mechss and contrasting them to the mobility and lethality and survivability armaments of the hero mechs makes it very clear the difference in their capabilities. If you're a fan of high mobility mech combat, like, say, Armored Core 4, Netsphere, Hawken, or Virtua On, this is right up your alley.What it does lack is maturity. The devs are clearly massive weeaboos when it comes to story and writing. Everything comes across as a mecha anime aimed towards the 10-16 male crowd that thinks games like Ace Combat are a reflection of military aviation operations. It oozes with angsty teenagers dealing with existentialist and solipsist questions about participating in warfare (in real life, the ethical problem with dealing with child soldiers is that they're TOO good at operating gameified weapons systems, TOO accepting of command structure, and TOO willing to dehumanize the enemy, where their competency is deepy tied to identity, Full Metal Panic and Gundam 00 do this well).The game slowly rolls out new missions, which is nice. I'd like to see it roll back to polish over some of the rough spots with difficulty balancing, some context to using the laser sword (which is supposed to be used for CIWS but it doesn't really work) and the lock-on camera. Right now the bullet time feature is an orphaned mechanic, it doesn't help with swording down missiles and it doesn't help aim the rifles. It might be useful for missile lockon management or situational awareness, but for the most part, I'm not sure why it's there.Overall, the game is very unpolished and the devs seem very young. But it's heaps of fun and fills a niche that FromSoft left unfilled when they buried Armored Core to makes more Souls games, Zone of the Enders is never coming back, and all the Gundam games seem to be focused on ground-based combat in the One-Year's War.I'm buying whatever game these devs make next, but this one is a solid amateur effort that's good for a few hours of weeblord fun."
76561198039015073,Recommended,257030,24619612,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,...,"Pretty good fast acting mech game! Battles get harder as you progress but sometimes the chatter gets too much like in act 2 when you try to listen for instructions with the particle cannon then some other text comes in and chatter so you miss the info unless you go slowly forward. And with the battle with battleframes gets too much unless you really have a pilot cockpit to be on. Missiles tend to follow you no matter how much flares you put and how you evade them they will still get you. But overral this game is awesome! Wish to see some customization, character making, relationship progression, getting deeper in the story and be the pilot everyone wants to be. I understand that it may not be perfect but it's like a diamond in the rough so it needs a little cleaning and polishing and it could shine brightly to all mech game fans or who ever wish to play a fast paced action mech game that really puts your reflex to the test and makes you sweat on a hard situations! ABSOLUTELY RECCOMEND THIS GAME!! But people need to understand that this is an early access game and for under 20€ You get Incredible game that gets more content!!! Bored? Like mechs that fly? Mech combat? Try this. You won't regret."
,Recommended,257030,22404750,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,jamesmurray33,"If you're looking for a fast paced mech game or action shooter, look no further. Project Nimbus is the best early access game on Steam. The closest thing you can get to Fromsoftware's Armored Core series. Multiple mechs, survival mode and a pretty awesome mission sortie selection is icing on this cake. Must buy."
76561198002630380,Recommended,257030,24106025,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,bercerus,"im stunting at the game menu.  thought the music is by GOD SAWANO himself. (actually not)if Ace Combat , Armored Core and ZOE have a threesome. a child must be this game.you can pilot a red mech with antenna that can use funnel like char aznableyou can pilot a white devil that can barrage rain of homing missile like in macrossno way any robot fan can refuse this."
76561198091085410,Recommended,257030,22834915,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Shayminthedoctor,"This game is downright amazing. It's like Armored Core but about three times as fast. There are a few issues here and there (like missiles ignoring flares and defensive systems) but the game is in Early Access so some of these can be forgiven. The biggest let-down at the moment is that there is no customization whatsoever. This may be added later on, but at the moment you are using pre-built mechs to fight and not your custom built death machine.Another thing, you beter be ready for massive battles that you won't know what's happening half the time.Because that happens A LOT. Tip: Disenguage the targeting system (Q) when fighting many enemies and just hold down the fire button."
76561198100930687,Recommended,257030,22963594,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,dmdrox,"Alright soo this isn't a vary long game however with what I've played so far (and from what I could find on Steam) This has been the best Giant robot action game I've played. Also if you have ever played Zone of the enders, you will fill right at home with this game. It is going to be hard to find anything better than this."
,Recommended,257030,22754908,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Sylen,"I was skeptical at first, but picked it up for cheap, honestly, the game isn't finished at all, it's not polished, there's bugs everywhere, and the resolution makes my eyes hurt, I feel like I'm playing an old PS1 game lol... That being said, this game has a charm to it that I haven't seen since the old PS2 Ace Combat / Armored Core days, the gameplay is fun, albeit a bit dizzying, there's less skill involved than say Armored Core, but it brings out the chaotic fun of destroying massive quantities of enemies like in Ace Combat. Also, the music is great, it's been a while that I've enjoyed the music during ""briefing"" cutscenes, very Ace Combat 4-5 / Zero nostalgic, great job on that end!All in all, I wouldn't pay more than ~10$ on it in its current state, but as it gets more polished, I am excited to see how this game pans out, especially if it can get to a higher quality of completion!"
,Recommended,257030,22753645,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,-=Adzy=-,"This is a good game, Play's like a mix of Armored Core 4 and Strike Suit Zero. Its a very fast paced game.I feel its still in Alpha stage and there is a lot of bugs with the graphics with objects flashing or vaishing but I'm sure they will be removed in time. Translation from Original language to english is a little rough at times, Not it the the realm of ""All your base are belong to us"" but you do notice it. The missions available are fun and challanging and I think once it's at release stage it will be a fantastic game as I feel it has a lot of potential. So please support the developer so they can pump even more resorces into it."
,Recommended,257030,22894491,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Psiursus,I think this game is fantastic.Its nothing special on graphics or story but the game play is hella fun. I love seeing games like this that seem like a basement project and have so much to them. My only gripe is the writing. I wish to god they had a devils advocate on their staff to really help them write. Some of the lines and jokes are just like.... welp I don't want to play this now. But then once the combat starts it really feels great.I think its awesome to have a mech game like this around now. Its a hard genre to pursue.
,Recommended,257030,22864333,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,jerrbear,"This game freaking rulez! Maybe it's just cuz this is my first Mech fighting game, but I love it! Really hopeing the next two acts in the campaign come soon! But I like the replay value of both the story line and survival mode. It's one of those games you have to keep playing to get better at, not where you level up, get more powerful and just fight biger and bigger bosses. The bigger bosses come, but only your skill comes into play at that point! Graphics rock too!"
,Recommended,257030,24199201,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,むむ,Game too intense.Thats a good thing about it :DMeans my money is worth it.10/10 would Destroy Patriot Mission again.
,Recommended,257030,24199888,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,plebs,"Project NImbus is a fast-paced mecha game prominently featuring missilespam and hordes of cannon fodder alongside innumerable references to classic mecha franchises.At the moment its rough voice-acting and charming Engrish contribute to an image of the game that is rather rough, the gameplay that serves as the game's core is satisfying and intense.Development is very active on this game, with new and updated features being implemented regularly. The devs aim for an official release in December of 2016. I can only look forward to seeing this game's vision realized."
76561198085045446,Recommended,257030,21509494,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Hentie Dj,this games good and could be way better needs work but so far its good. it can get hard tho but if this games devs could think up the stuff i have in ming for this game it hopfuly will be amazing. but the 1 thing no 1 making games has done is take games like this to a lvl of epic ness. i dont see an openworkd or a base of ayn king happning sadly. this games like COD chose a mission you get a barke down like MW3 and u start. it would be nice to you know acrtily inturact with npc but no 1 is doing stuff like that in early acess when the game starts like this. its kinda like those arcade style games from when i was a kid but better . free fly isent in the gamje yet but im willing to bet its going to be fly around a huge mape yess the maps are very big so flying around i havent meet a block yet. but this game is looks like it wont get crazyer than what its at and im saying that because no 1 making games will do things like that. a mec game thats openworld and u can jump in and out of them is just 1 of those things that will happen in 2500 when im dead.
,Recommended,257030,21656860,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DubMeister,"Very fast-paced. Lots of action. Despite the graphics not looking as extreme as most modern video games in gameplay videos, it is pretty graphics intensive when you're in a large battle. Lots of projectile trails, explosions, and debris going on. Really captures those cinematic moments of intense mech battles that you see in a lot of action based animes. Even if I have a distrust towards early access games, this one has earned my money and I expect the developers to deliver. Settings are a bit buggy as I couldn't customize key binds and would like to individually set graphics options to try and see what works best for me. Even if at very low graphics, it lagged me. I would hope the full version comes with a multiplayer mode. Especially a PVE mode. Would love to play scenarios with other players as a squad. Looking forward to the full version of this game."
76561198044153927,Recommended,257030,21625752,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,KΛ†AÝA,"Alone the first Missions are amazing epic, who dont like the moment where your opponent says ""just one did this?""Well, i hope the Atmosphere looks better in the Future, and a better Game Balance. Gamplay is pefect but in one point, i need a Sword ^^ :P I cant wait to see the next updatesThe Music is Awesome! Gives the Right Anime Atmosphere!"
,Recommended,257030,21757524,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,"Soy-Sauce ""Revolver""","Damn good and fast paced mech shooter, and very good for its price!"
76561198063634337,Recommended,257030,28105138,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,The Desert Jew,"I was fortunate enough to have my friend let me try this game out before i bought it and i gotta say, im glad i got this. It's been a Hell of a lot of fun and i hope the devs keep working hard on it, it reminds me alot of Armored Core and i got hit by a bit of nostalgia so if you like blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up and moving in the Dangerzone this is the game for you and if you're a mac user this is a godsend because there aren't many mac mech games out there so enjoy it bros."
76561198015277500,Recommended,257030,27983060,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Thantosgundam00,"Hot and fast pace action Mecha game.  The game still need some tweaks and difficulty balance but overall a good action.  The mechas resemble complilation of Gundam, Macross, and Full Metal Panic.  The game also references many mecha oriented shows."
76561198053440915,Recommended,257030,28397201,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Prys,"Recently bought this game and first impression of this game... Dayummmm. I really like this game as it gives non-stop action every act. I especially like doing the 1v1 dogfights with battle frames especially with 4 v 1 dog fights, gives a lot of challenge who to focus. There are some parts that I didn't like such as the yamato fortress (maybe it was really hard >_<). I don't know where the laser shots are coming from, I don't even see them coming at me, so before I can even reach to the point where I fight the Skull team. My battleframe would be 15% left. I like the optimization update! Keep the the good work. Just needs a bit more tweaking since the fps drops when I release the particle shield (or when there are lots of untis in the field. Overall, the game is very cool, very fun to play with. If you don't mind I would suggest adding a mode like 1v1 dogfight, missile or projectile dodging mode, special missions, more special mechs! and lastly which maybe the hard part multiplayer. I would rate it 8.5/10 and would recommended to try out."
76861198097846560,Recommended,257030,29661673,Posted: 2 February,all,Diggingwolf2605,Great game! 100/10
76561198340145575,Recommended,257030,31118557,Posted: 13 April,all,straplash,"The game is a must-own for every mecha fan. It's fast-paced and difficult enough to keep one interested. It is reminiscent of Gundam games on the psp (Gundam Battle Tactics, Gundam Assault Survive) but with much better graphics and control.The music is wonderful and I hope the developers decide to release the soundtrack album in the future.The game is still in development and regular updates and new missions are being added."
,Recommended,257030,30182546,Posted: 25 February,all,Dickinson McPenistein,Gundam meets Armored Core. Just a couple of hours into the game and very much enjoying the campaign and overall game play. I do wish there were customization of your craft and color editing. Game would be even greater with full campaign co-op that can support up to four players.
76561198013256283,Recommended,257030,30344338,Posted: 5 March,all,Kellrath,Played the basic tutorial mission and the flashbacks to the Armored Core series were intense.The mech was very responsive; the controls intuitive.  The speed and feel was bang on.  I cannot wait to see how much customization there will be in the mech hangar.
,Recommended,257030,27485796,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ysvial,"This game is by far one of the most tragically beutiful games i have ever played. This game features a fast-paced style combat. You pilot Battleframes(Flying mechs) to take on your foes. There a big story to the game and you witness it from all of the factions in play to get their sides. This game is constantly being updated and improve. Although i will admit the combat stratagy for this came is repatative you do get a sense of freedom in some of the fights for you to come up with your own tactics to dominate your foes.If you enjoyed games such as Strike Suit Zero then you'll love this one. I highly recommend it, some improvements could me made to enhance the gameplay, perhaps several missions out in space by using the nextgen Battleframes and space survival as well with new enemies to face including battle cruisers the size of skycities as part of survival? (That'd be cool!) or perhaps the ability to customize and upgrade weapons with Battlepoints(BP) or to aqquire blueprints from defeated mechs to research and develop your own weapons.Either way, this game is good and will tug at some heartstrings. I highly recommend!"
76561198024577620,Recommended,257030,24101496,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,StuG mk.47,"One of the best mecha games i ever played.Despite being early access, the gameplay feels pretty complete, as most of the stuff in development is just more stages and mechas.Controls are rather easy when compared to other mecha games, though it could be better.My only problem with the game would be a lack of proper terrain use. pretty much all fighting happens in the air with no cover for anyone nor any risk of crashing into anything. I know the game clearly isn't made to fight on the ground, but fighting on an open area with only some cosmetic differences is not that great. The stage where you DO use cover, shows that the controls are not made for tight spaces, as you float around unintentionally quite easily."
,Recommended,257030,29456773,Posted: 23 January,all,Schnee Corp lawyer,"After finishing up to act three, I feel comfortable giving my opinion on this crazy gamePros:-Flying is so much fun fun. This game has a crazy sense of speed but not in a way that makes me feel like I can't control it-So is shooting. Its pretty heavily reliant on lock on, but against faster enemies just keeping them in range of that and on your screen can be enough of a challenge-Good cockpit interface. Despite all the missiles and enemy and allied mechs and whatever eyes that can be flying across the screen, the game does a good job of laying out what's what without making it impossible to fly into buildings-You haven't lived until you've fired about 50 missiles at once and watched the glory of all those blue and red lines turning your foes into fireworks-Soundtrack. While it doesn't vary too much, what they do have is absolutely excellent and I love it-Cool mech design. Prequisite to even bother playing a mecha gameCons:-Some game mechanics aren't very clearly explained.-The graphics are only ok, but apparently more than a few people have had problems with it. I don't mind so much, especially since this is a smaller studio making, but its definitely not AAA beauty on your screen-Story. Its like there's the skeleton of a good story being but together, but its all very haphazard right now. Especially at the start where it basically feels like there's not actually a story-The voice acting is incredibly hit or miss. There are a few good eggs (lookin at you Mirai and Russian commander/lt.) but almost all the non-main characters read their lines stilted, definitely not a pro job. Weird pauses between line readings don't help, and if you complete objectives too fast the lines can overlapBut overall the positives far outweigh the negatives for me! There's really nothing else out there right now that has the same high speed mech combat, and there's a wonderful kind of joy that can only be had by filling the air with a trillion missiles while doing your best not to be filled with holes by a sky-full of enemy mechs. And despite putting it under con I still like some of the characters and story, so I'll be glad to see how it ends. Good fun, 7/10 even in its early access state."
76561198161404296,Recommended,257030,25862719,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Nebby Pillow,This game is only in alpha and its amazing. Best bucks I threw at my screen in ages. keep up the great work.
76561198013225747,Recommended,257030,29980111,Posted: 17 February,all,gcenguard,"One of the best mech games on pc, granted they need a simple garage option, a way to track which missions you have completed, and a multiplayer mode....but they are still updating the game and its really fun and reasonably priced. Also it has some of the best music I have heard from a video game out there, I'd even go as far as to say its better than undertales soundtrack."
76561198063638651,Recommended,257030,29999271,Posted: 17 February,all,Setsuna F Seiei,so after playing the game for about 2 hours i can honestly say 8/10 just add in some pvp with slightly smaller maps and a way to make it so u can walk and it will be the best mech themed game on steam
76561198141511342,Recommended,257030,32878065,Posted: 27 June,all,Sgt Slaughter,"I real enjoy Project Nimbus, an enganging story that is inspired by many different mech tv shows. The gameplay may be repetitive, but they toss in different twists, challanges, and enemes that keep it intersting and challanging, not including the three difficulty modes.My only complaint would be that it can lag out your computer depending on enemy density and the amount of lasers in the air, but that is a computer to computer problem. I really do love this game!"
,Recommended,257030,32942725,Posted: 28 June,all,kambiing,Worth checking outControl quite allright. Needs some time to adapt i suppose.Sounds effects need more work though.
76561198028984966,Recommended,257030,32795096,Posted: 25 June,all,It's a Witch ✡,"This Game is amazing ♥♥♥♥♥ are you looking for play with a Mech like anime style, then just buy it now and you'll have a great experience with awesome Music, voice act, missions, difficulty, etc. If you have a good pc it's going to become better,the game looks fine with max settings and I don't have any fps issues. the devs still working on it with more content in the future.the game reminds me Zone of the enders 2. (it's pretty similar)Thanks!!PD: My english isn't good I know."
,Recommended,257030,32713342,Posted: 23 June,all,Keudo,"This game...this game you guys.I have played for an hour, and I am in LOVE. A worthy uccessor to the amazing Armored Core franchise, but with less of the super-stupi-awesome dodg skill of AC4/AC4A in mech vs mech combat, very good graphics, and easy to learn and easy to use combat and piloting system, with quick but engaging missions, this is what I wanted when I said 'I want armored core on PC'.With what's been done so far, I am excited to see what else the devs have in store for us. I don't even know what's coming up, because I haven't looked, but if the combat missions continue, maybe a little mech customization (even something as simple as rifle/machinee gun or just colors, even) I will be hooked and will keep coming back to see what gets added in."
76561198189981522,Recommended,257030,32913717,Posted: 27 June,all,GryphusOne,"I would recommend this game.I'm just a few minutes in, so don't take this review as is. I'm no graphics/gameplay nut, and I'm more concerned about the plot, so that's another.The game is reminiscent of Armored Core, so that's something for AC fans. But, same as ""like"" games, it's unique in itself,and is simple enough to understand, which should prevent new players from being discouraged. It's basically just flying a mech around, shooting other mechs with different weapons, and trying to avoid their own fire, just a bit harder than I put it.The premise of the story is really good. The idea of post-global war counterterrorist mecha action with animu girls as co-pilots is pretty good (but may be cliched for some people, in which case bear with it).I guess the only problem, which isn't really big, is the story. As mentioned earlier, the premise is really good, but the delivery is only good enough. A good chunk of the English voices are deadpan even when the subtitles are interrogative or exclamatory. Sometimes you'll get lost at who's talking, if what they're talking about is important, if it's your friends or foes that are talking, etc. which really hinders the flow of the story. Sometimes they even talk over the other, which is confusing. Nevertheless, you get the overall picture, but the little details are hard to appreciate.But it's still in development, so it's to be expected, and I believe that the game will only get even better. As it is now, it's highly playable, and the fact that it still continues to expand and improve is nice."
76561198083728532,Recommended,257030,30943312,Posted: 4 April,all,Sougo,"The fact that this game exist proves that someone somewhere looked at Armored Core and thought""You know this looks great and awesome but it is missing something. I know, seizures."""
,Recommended,257030,32986120,Posted: 29 June,all,The Hobo King,"I saw this game about a month before I bought it on reddit, specifically /r/Gundam, and I ignored it for a bit, but after buying it and playing it for an hour, this game is amazing. Absolutely tight controls, fast combat really amazing mobile suits. It's got so much polish for a game that is still in early access. This game is absolutely fantastic and I think people will regret not playing because holy crap is high speed mobile suit combat fun."
,Recommended,257030,33007374,Posted: 29 June,all,Mr. Guy,"Has potential, but gets boring pretty quick. The weapons in the game are way too overpowered when you use the more advanced mechs that have weapons like funnel missiles or psychodrones. The AI somewhat move at a very slow pace making them an easy target. The most threatening projectile in this game is the missile, which can be easily avoided by shooting flares. The story isn't that bad and adds playtime to the game, but after the story it's hard to keep the game entertaining. The game is still in early access and the price isn't too bad especially if it's on sale. Worth a try if you played Armored Core or are a big fan of  Gundam."
76561198113237893,Recommended,257030,33010748,Posted: 29 June,all,crazy4videogames,"Pretty awesome combat. Fast paced combat, probably captures the feel of gundam better than the gundam games ._. I still like the gundam games too though. I think the character Mirai looks a bit like Chocola fron nekopara except she doesn't have cat ears and a tail. Anyways, the soundtrack is pretty epic too."
,Recommended,257030,34141350,Posted: 10 August,all,Lfc. Mackail (Keptc),"This game is great so far. On the normal difficulty (gamer reccomended difficulty) is hard but really enjoyable. I just wish there was some sort of customization for the mechs. I also wish this game had the abilty to have an inventory of mechs to purchase with in game money or by completing different achievements. Right now it is a very fun finely tuned early acess game, I cant wait to see what this turns into."
76561198034526237,Recommended,257030,35248970,Posted: 27 September,all,Thomas,"[Note: this review has been written at the end of the second act I will update it later if I feel it is necessary. No spoilers for the campaign will be included]Overall I can very much recommend this game if you're a fan of the Mecha genre, or if you just like fast-paced shooters in general and don't dislike the anime aesthetic.Controls are intuitive and combat is fast-paced. There are a lot of things to keep an eye on in the more advanced mechs, but in my experience there’s just enough to keep the dog-fights tense and hectic, without making you feel like you’ve lost control of the situation.The game isn’t without faults, however, though most are on the technical side of things, and will likely be ironed out in future patches. The game occasionally freezes for 0.5-1 seconds, which is annoying, but doesn’t occur often enough to be a real hindrance. If/when the developer has the time and money, I think they should also make a second pass on the English script and voice acting. The voice acting isn’t bad, but it’s quite clear the script hasn’t been written by a native speaker (for example, there are several factions that, in normal sentences should be referred to as the [faction name] , but that aren’t, which just sounds a bit weird).One other thing I’d like to see implemented is a more granular difficulty setting. Right now there are 3, and the lowest setting is too easy for me, while the middle setting is a significant step too difficult. However, this really is a minor nitpick.So, overall, I can recommend this game. There are some minor issues, but I expect these to get ironed out over time, and the core gameplay is fun and engaging, while the story up to now has been interesting."
76561198043905981,Recommended,257030,35265275,Posted: 28 September,all,Trues55,good game could use some more polishing but i like the story and the gameplay
,Recommended,257030,35253030,Posted: 27 September,all,Arrats Ezagutza,"You know this game is like a wet dream for mecha player like youYou know how you wanted play Armored Core like game on the pc (beside the canceled pc armore cored fanmade years ago)So here it isso far because i just install and play a little bit i can only give few opinion (will update after few hours playing)Pros:Fast pace mecha battle like really fastEasy to controlNice voice actConsent:-maybe it will be better if story mode list is hidden until the player pass the previous mission, its a little bit weird when the mission suddenly all available to play.-full screen always crash(i had to verify integrity everytime after i wanted to try full screen, well not i cant play it on fullscreen anyway)-when i choose my resolution on windowed mode (my resolution was 1366x768) it was only 60-75% off the total screen like not occupy the whole screen. i dont really mind, but seems so weird. and there are a lot of resolution that absolutely higher than this screen maxed resolution like 2k?-uhh too much glare i think even on low and medium maybe,advanced graphic setting for each individual preferences"
,Not Recommended,257030,21790028,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Cenobia Kittykins,"Armored Core meets Ace Combat, but flies too close to the sun.This review is based on the release build of the game, substituting my old one from early access.The Good:Gameplay is fluid and the controls are precise, giving you the tools you need to pilot your BattleFrame.Music is great and fits well with each scene, from crazy action to somber moments.Some of the voice actors put up an amazing performance, bringing the characters to life.Character art is well done, if sparse.The original parts of the story are interesting, and create a believeable world.The Meh:Graphics are alright, they don't detract from the experience, but are not amazing either.The rest of the voice acting that didn't fit in ""The Good""; It's not bad, but definitely not professional grade.THE UGLY:Late game battles get extremely chaotic, with so much happening on the screen at once that finding targets is harder than destroying them.The blatant copies of some parts of the story. At first, I chuckled at some Ace Combat references sprinkled throughout, but once the game threw me a literal carbon copy of one of the missions from The Unsung War, and then another one, with some dialogue being word for word the same, it pulled me out of the experience, and felt very lazy.The AI cheats blatantly, with most enemy ""Aces"" simply boosting infinitely in wide circles around you to avoid your weapons instead of trying to engage in combat.THE POLISH, or rather, lack thereof. From hideous typos in the subtitles, to several voice lines piling on top of eachother, to the game kicking you back to the main menu randomly after campaign missions, to graphical and game breaking glitches, to the framerate tanking heavily during late game, regardless of computer configuration or settings.I could go on, but this point is long enough as is.The Conclusion:This game had a lot of potential, and still has. However, it was released before it was ready, and the console version seems to be shaping up to a better one than we supporters got at release with no plans for that one to be ported to PC either.If you enjoy very fast paced combat and good (if very unoriginal) storylines, you will probably have fun, just be aware that at the time of this review, this game is not in a finished state."
,Recommended,257030,35436151,Posted: 2 October,all,Kek,A2A combat - checkMech - checkHigh speed combat - checkEnemies that hit me like a truck - checkStoryline could get some improvment7.5/10
,Recommended,257030,35459415,Posted: 3 October,all,Blackout,god this game is the most anime game ive ever played.i love it.
76561198126972932,Recommended,257030,35480166,Posted: 4 October,all,Oryzaki,"So while i do recoomend this game it has a bunch of flaws which I have ordered from most to least important.1. Terrible proformence regardless of hardware.This game after mission 18 or so retures me with only about 19-30 frames with an average of 35.1 frameson the low setting 1440p. It should also be noted that lowering the resolution or detailes of the game does not seam to impact proformance, that thier is no 4k, no vsynk, and that I was using a GTX 1080 with a R1700x.2. Story.I am sorry but the story is a terrible nockoff of the Gundam anime two sides fighing both with mechs, Only a special few can use the new machines, both sides unite to try and stop war, main characters get 2 different mechs throught the story and many other simularities even the the patriot system is just like when each side in gundam tried to nuke eachother. Not only that but the story is very bland and has none of the charm that mecha anime usually have. It only has one real cutsceen and lots of the story plots make no sence whatsowever as they are never explained again or the characters are never heard from again. However they have excellent voice acting even though the trailler does not properly show that off.3. Difficluly with glitches.What i mean by this with when the frame rate and sim speed slow down to a point where you can't get a lock on enemys esspecially in the 18th mission when fighting the skull squadren as they before the patch would regain heath seemingly instanly making it neer impossible.4. Some missions feel rushed and the blandness of them shows it like the mission with the crap ton or missles or the mission where you fight  Lt. Yuliana as she only uses cyclone drones,5. There is absolutly no customization which kinda sucks but I mean it didn't nessasarly make the game less fun.However even with all of these flaws it is one of the best mecha games i have ever played if only considering the core gameplay."
76561197975587935,Recommended,257030,35455391,Posted: 3 October,all,Ish311,game is good but has the second most disjointed story in a mech game...... and random difficulty spikes and strange hitboxes.
,Recommended,257030,35410651,Posted: 2 October,all,Jamil237237,"You shoot stuff in a big robot as a schoolgirl because anime 10/10Game has utilization issues but most of the time is okeu cant custimise mechslevels do differ in what youre killing and what side your on.is very hard even on easy so . . . . .go for it?It has some kinda story but because i suck all i hear is the same entry sentance of girls yelling at each other.gameplay is hard but you get to fly in all axis unlike other mech games which are basically 2-D. most of the time you will be in a mech but theres one level were its a walking simulator. also theres not many checkpoints, you die, you do it all opver again.but mashing space bar ism pretty fun what matters is if u enjoy it reall, blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up is pretty fun so this game is oke."
76561198088416466,Recommended,257030,32479347,Posted: 16 June,all,BronzeBoive,"Pickup this game if fast-pased mech games are up your ally and if you have had experience with the armour core gamesPROS- fast paced action- fluent movement and combat- cockpit view when controlling mechs (nice feature)- decent number of mechs to play around with in survivalCONS- forgettable story- no customisation- not a lot of quantity (as of now you have campaigne and survival)- you will most likely use a small selection of the mechs (preferably the main 5?)this is a partial recommendation. the story and quantity of content might not be particularly the highlights of this game, the gameplay is quite enjoyable. also wait for future updatesanyway, that was my 2 cents... 6/10"
76561198128945189,Recommended,257030,35383033,Posted: 1 October,all,Don't Mind Me,"This game is really good if you like Mecha and Ace Combat play style type of games. Well for me there is also pros and cons about this games.Pros :- Have a multiple prespective story line this is really good- Graphic is good and the Mechs detail is nice- The voice acting is good- The mission introduction is very intresting- Sound and music is decentCons :- Lack in the story line depth you have to pay attention to know why they have to go to war and so on, sometimes its just skip the details and move on and you dont even know what happened in the story.- Lacks on character introduction and interaction sometimes this make me really confused.- The graphics option is lacking its just says "" Low , Medium , High , Very High , GPU Melting"" i cant even customize it. In some mission the FPS drops and lag really annoy me.- You cant customize your Mechs and almost on all mission you have to play on pre-determinedmech.I expect they will improve the game because its just came out from early access and maybe they will add some multiplayer or co-op campaign ( I hope they will ). Overall 7/10."
,Recommended,257030,35497128,Posted: 5 October,all,YoshitoSakurai,"I've played just a little bit so far.Still waiting for the update that allows Japanese audio and English subtitles but according to the forums its on its way!~.The gameplay itself due to you having full 3D controll in all directions ( E[up],C[down] WASD ) feels a bit weird at the begining but you will get used to it. The ability to shoot down missiles etc is pretty cool.So thats pretty much the good stuff ( it being quite a good mecha game in general ). Now the ''Bad'' stuff ( not really bad just things that annoy me personaly a bit or i would have wanted to see ).Now to the stuff i myself think is bad or what i wouldve wanted to see in a game like this.1. CUSTOMISATION! im pretty sure at least 1/2 mecha game lovers would love some customisation of their mechs be it colors only or full body customisation with weapon selections etc. i would love to see something incorperated at some point.2. Being able to turn on the ''Lock-On Camera'' yea sure some people like it i dont blame or judge em i just kidna wished there was a option to turn the lock on camera off for those who dont want ~ 15% of the screen to be taken for a live video feed of something your locked on to. This is just personal prefferences3. I wouldve loved it if there was a option to use WASD for ( W,S being forwards backwards and A,D to be for straving so the mouse would be your directions pretty much i dont really like the E and C being foru p and down it feels a tat weird but i got used to it in the end.*this game is overall good the 3 ''bad'' things are just things i wouldve wanted to see in this game."
