user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198030786592,Recommended,257120,8025984,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Andrew Ryan,"I've only just started with this fabulous little gem, but already completely hooked. So without giving too much away (since the game developer clearly loves his secrets!), this is basically a tight stealth game, where you are zipping around randomly generated levels picking up 'loot' as you go.The brilliant, brilliant twist is this: that loot is your cover, the only thing keeping you hidden from lasers, levitating skulls of death, and - as the levelling system has assured me - 'nastier things'. So that's twist #1. You have to pick up your 'loot' (AKA 'food', AKA 'furniture) very carefully, since any cover you yank is cover permanently deleted. Yikes! Yet to leave the level you will have to grab a certain amount of it.Then it starts getting crazier. For one thing, new objectives get added. NOW you have to go through a series of ordered points, scattered randomly through the level. NOW you have to 'tag' every enemy on the map by getting close and using an item - scary stuff. Mysterious laptops provide a gateway to the game's cryptic story of business skullduggery and a strong feeling of conspiracy.And, like my favorite kind of rogue-like (sometimes called rogue-lite, I believe), the game changes each time you play. But maybe it should be called rogue-heavy in this case, because the game doesn't get easier (through 'upgrades') so much as harder (new elements, new ENEMIES). Of course, you also get to unlock special challenges (pre-designed maps with tailored problems to solve) and special runs. Some of these provide more 'XP' to continue advancing; some are just for the glory.All of this is to say that Not The Robots is a fantastic, fun, panicky stealth game, pure and simple. There are no weapons (at least, so far), there is limited cover, and there are plenty of lasers and drones to end your run with a foolhardy step. I'm a glutton for this kind of finely-crafted punishment...are you? ;)"
,Recommended,257120,15929182,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Ben,"IloveNot The Robots, and here’s why you should too:First and foremost: Nothing is sacred. You can’t just run from one piece of cover to another. Instead, you actually have to destroy your cover to progress through the game. I can’t emphasize how amazing this is – there’s so much more depth than just waiting for guards to move along a set path and running from A to B. Do you start eating from the start, clearing out room after room, or do you go to one end of the map and only eat on your way back? Ideally, you should eat as little as you can while still fulfilling the objective, but of course that’s easier said than done.The next amazing thing is that slow and methodical play is equally effective as straight-up YOLO running and gunning. The game doesn’t reward recklessly aggressive play any more than it does painstakingly slow play, it only rewardsskillfulplay. Mechanics like eating your cover, inventory management, procedurally generated levels, and random sentry movement all emphasize calculated risks and culminate to create ahugeskill ceiling. As a result, any playstyle (even the extreme ones!) can be successful, as long as you know what you’re doing.Finally, the game’s ambiance is perfect. The in-game music “consists of 70 loops which are dynamically mixed together.” It sounds weird, but basically there are a couple of tracks looping which can switch on the fly depending on the current situation. When you’re safe, it plays a nice and eerie theme, but when you’re spotted it becomes faster, louder and more rhythmic. What’s really impressive though is that you don’t even notice this change – each loop flows seamlessly from one situation to the next, and yet it still adapts immediately. Back to the ambiance, haha. Most levels have a dark and off-gray color pallet. It sounds boring, but just like the music it fulfills two requirements: It creates an ominous and tense atmosphere which worksincrediblywell in the game’s favor, and it’s pretty much as unintrusive as physically possible.One last thing I have to say is that this game is an example of randomness donephenomenallywell. There are few enough random elements to count on one hand, and yet they all work in tandem to make this game everything it is.Level generation: This is pretty standard for roguelikes, random levels add replayability and make it so you can never know what you’re dealing with ahead of time.Items and upgrades: Each item has a clear-cut situational use and nothing is ever strictly better than any single other option, except maybe Dig+ and Blocks+. The items are balanced enough that decisions like Dig vs Teleport, Stun vs Blocks, and even Invisible vs Invisible+ are almost never easy ones. Is it worth keeping a half-charged Invisible+, or can Sprint fulfill the same role immediately? Like the level generation, it emphasizes dealing with the situation you’re given with the tools you find. For upgrades, my only complaint is multiplier is mechanically useless. Scanners and Inventory both have their merits – sure, having up to five items is great, but there are always situations where it’s hugely helpful to know what’s in a box in the corner of an empty room.Enemies, especially Sentries: If there’s one thing you’ll quickly find out, it’s that Sentries are a b*tch. They have a formidable line of sight, they can teleport furniture away from you, and they move randomly with no set path? Good heavens! However, I have to admit I love Sentries. I’d even go as far as to say they single-handedly make the game what it is. Every other enemy is extremely predictable and easily avoidable, or both. Adequate cover and charged items are all you need to be well-equipped for an encounter, and even without that you can reasonably run into safety if you can think on your feet.This part extends to all enemies: The game iscompletelyfair. While the later levels no doubt incredibly challenging to say the least, you have three to four buildings to prepare before that. Any combination of items you like, within reason, can be found in 9 out of 10 games before you even have to worry about tagging anything. You have to work for it, though – is that item across the room a teleport you so desperately need, and are you willing to get rid of your trusty Blocks+ to find out? It’s a calculated risk – it could just as easily be another Dig. No matter what, however, nothing in the first four buildings is ever a death sentence. Got three Stuns? Put them in doorways and you can eat like a maniac. Three Blocks? Cool, you have permanent cover wherever you want. Three Digs? Great, you can get to any part of the level in the shortest path possible. Three Sprints? Congratulations, you can literally run away from your problems. Realistically, of course, some levels will always be easier than others, but overall any situation is workable. It’s all about dealing with the situation you’re given with the tools you find, and death is always caused by a mistake by the player. I’d go as far to say that it’s possible to go through the whole campaign with no items without taking any damage. Accomplishing this, however, is an exercise left to the reader.This game is really amazing, and I love darn near everything about it. You should try it.My comprehensive guide to Not the Robots"
,Recommended,257120,12801230,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,emb,"Excellent game that tries a lot of interesting mechanics I haven't seen before, and pulls them off very well.It's a procedurally generated stealth game where you must consume your cover to progress. The guards have unlimited sight range and their patrol patterns change on the fly. This makes the game enjoyably tense, and the procedural generation churns out a fair bit of variety. Being spotted is not an automatic death sentence, and scrambling to meet the level goal while pursued by alert guards is a common occurence and a big part of the game's appeal.The procedural level generation works surprisingly well for a stealth game - everything from layouts to cover to enemy composition to level goals is put together from random parts, resulting in levels that shake up your tactics (or are borderline impossible on higher difficulties). The layouts of levels, cover and guards vary dramaticallyThe game can be described as ""layered"" - the more you play it and the further you progress, the more layers unlock. More enemies, items and hazards in the campaign, more optional challenges, and more story elements. Even as the campaign ""levels up"" and becomes harder, you can still control it with difficulty levels, which range from ""relatively stress-free"" to ""not even remotely fair"".The story deserves a separate mention. It's completely optional and out of the way - in fact, you'll need to put some effort into putting it all together  - but it completely changes the atmosphere of the game. Your first impression of the game will be that of an goofy, arbitrary world where you are are a robot that sneaks around eating furniture in office buildings.  As the story comes together, it justifies most of game's arbitrary mechanics and reveals the game world as somewhat dark place.The game explores its ideas to the fullest, and feels like a labor of love the developer enjoyed working on. I normally dislike rogue-lite games, but I had a blast with this one."
,Recommended,257120,8021478,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Chromozome,Do you like roombas and hate your furniture than this is the game for you. Best furniture eating sim on the market.
,Recommended,257120,12170080,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),"Not The Robots is a breath of fresh air, and has some of the most tense stealth gameplay I've seen in a while. You play as a table leg on a ballpoint, being a complete jerk that eats all the office furniture. It does not allow you to get comfortable and swing into a set pattern when you start collecting cool toys. No, it throws a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥at you, and it keeps throwing more and more variables at you until you have to become a robot contortionist just to get to the next level. The game has a point system that unlocks more terrifying♥♥♥♥♥♥along with cool toys and audio logs (that slowly tell a story that doesn't really come together until the last two are collected), but it still won't allow you to beat the game easily.So what are the things that make me want to throw shade on it? The level randomization will occasionally laugh in your face and dump a bunch of obstacles at the beginning of the level. Sentries have unlimited line-of-sight, which makes stealth harder than it needs to be. And the experience point system should be turned off once all the cool XP-related bonuses are collected, because it gets in the way once it's no longer needed in more ways than one (end-of-level bonus boxes contain all sorts of neat stuff! Including multiplier bonuses, whether you want them or not!)All of these are minor quibbles. Not The Robots is goddamn fantastic, relentless, and it won't ♥♥♥♥ing let up on you until you die or you kill it."
,Recommended,257120,12482273,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Zero Zero,Easily the best Furniture Eating Simulator out there.
76561198075658263,Recommended,257120,8021644,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Vyltyx,"If you've ever played the Ultimate Assassin series on Kong, and enjoyed it, you'll enjoy this too.A stealth game with an interesting mechanic; you must eat your own cover (the furniture) to clear a level. Not all of it must go however, so planning ahead is key, and the patient are rewarded. Close calls are common, even at the early levels, and you will need to have both wit and reflexes in order to survive. Features some great abilities to choose from, such as invisibility, removing walls (which are otherwise inedible), placing immovable blocks, teleportation, sprinting, as well as some others. Using the abilities are risk however; in order to activate them again, you must recharge them by eating furniture, so you really want to use them when you need it most. The AI performs brilliantly, making me hate the sentry bots for their perceptibility, yet still feel fair, for they mess up occasionally.The aesthetic is what really gets to me. It is obvious from the get-go that you have been dropped into some dystopian robot future. As I haven't completed the game yet, I don't know what our purpose is behind eating furniture, but throughout gameplay, the game drops subtle hints as to what might have happened, through the snippets of conversations (which are voice-acted quite well), logs, and advertisements of a dead civilization. It's subtle, it's dark, but most of all, it's creepy.There were a few things that got on my nerves however. First off, the game has a leveling system, in which you gain experience each time you die, based on your performance in the previous playthrough. Every level grants you a permanent upgrade. Unfortunately, I can't seem to find a list of my upgrades anywhere, or else I am just missing it entirely.The tutorial is extremely short, which always gets on my nerves, even more so then extremely long tutorials. Granted, it is a simple game, so you shouldn't have many problems picking up the pieces that the tutorial failed to.Lastly, it would have been nice if they included some tooltips or any information on the differences between campaign, challenges, and operations. Tooltips for other functions would have been nice as well, however they are somewhat self explanatory.All in all, a good game, well worth the price as it stands now at $6. At $10, however, it might not be everyones cup o' tea, althoguh I personally would buy it again at that price."
,Recommended,257120,10667924,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Leper,"So far so good. I personally love stealth games, but this one is a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if you aren't patient (and I'm most certainly not). It can get frustrating so I usually only play one or two lives in a sitting but it's a pretty pleasant game to play if I've got a little bit of downtime. Again, stressing the necessity of patience and the frustration you'll most likely experience."
,Not Recommended,257120,18554724,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,White Shadow,"Kind of wish I didn't have to give this game a thumbs down, since it's not a bad game. But just that there's not enough content to stay interesting for long. The novelty of the idea seems to wear off pretty fast and there's nothing much else to the game apart from it.You play as a robot that travels from one office building to another with a single goal - to eat furniture. Not sure why exactly (we don't get a reason). However, there are dangers, ranging from unusually placed laser-beams which can only hurt you, but do not cut through anything else, some kind of floor heaters that switch on and off repeatedly, and sentries in a shape of floating robot heads that shoot at you. I kind of wish all these things had a reason to exist. Maybe they do, but it just is not apparent why in any way.The levels are all randomly generated since it's a rogue-like. You also do not recover any health in between levels. So if you finished one level on low health, you'll continue on from the next one with the same health. Luckily you do occasionally find med boxes that can heal you, but again, it all depends on luck if one will spawn in the level or not.You also get to find various gadgets which can help you, like letting you sprint, or place blocks to hide behind, or dig through a wall, or become invisible. These are all good, but you can only ever carry one at a time (unless you get lucky and find an upgrade that lets you have more), and if you want to pick another one up, you have to permanently drop your current one. One of my biggest gripes is that you can never see what the item inside the box is, so you've no idea if it's better than your current item or not. Again, you just have to get lucky.Visuals are very nice in this game, but I am not a big fan of the music. It was a bit jarring. The sense of humour seems quite nice too. The game has a nice light-hearted feel to it.As I said, it's not a bad game, but I don't feel it has enough content or excels much at what it does for me to recommend it. If you are into rogue-likes or stealth games, you might like it. Probably best to get it on sale, like I did."
,Recommended,257120,16124597,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Both frustrating & addictive // Recommended for endurance-gamers+ Random generation of level design makes for a separate experience each play-through+ Myriad game-types available upon unlock+ Includes level builder+ Audio logs are fun to collect and listen to; these also boast competent voice-acting and a cheeky script+ Powerups, traps, and sentries all come together to enrich what is, on paper, a rather dull concept+ Visuals are plain and practical; it isn't visually spectacular, but it doesn't feel as though it should have been+ Music fits well with the game's approach and style; it won't leave much of a lasting impression, but it's comfortable and focused+ An interesting dichotomy is created, in that one finds oneself consuming the environment, robbing oneself of cover and hiding places, in order to progress+ Overall, boasts an admirable level of replayability+ Solid, simple, and responsive controls- No multiplayer modes- Difficulty will quickly spike around the early buildings (usually about 3 or 4); sentries are particularly unforgivingLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,257120,10473604,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,iamninjoe,"You are a robot moving floor to floor, building to building, eating as much furniture as you can without getting destroyed by lasers, forcefields, sentries that look like skulls, and more using upgrades and powerups, such as teleportation, invisibility, etc., obtained along your adventure through the many buildings and enemies you will encounter. Only people who belong in an insane asylum would not want this game."
76561198015264079,Not Recommended,257120,9376812,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,chapel204,"I like this game. Graphics are nice, controls are responsive. Original concept is what got me.But I'm already tired of it. This could be because either:1) I suck at stealth furniture eating games.2) This game is so frustrating that it overshadows the fun.I think it is a little of both.But I'm not invested enough in this game to put myself through hours of trying to sneak through an empty room occupied by 6 sentries to get to a level good enough for building 6.I understand there has to be difficulty, but in my opinion (and that's all it is) this is discouraging. I don't feel that ""Oooo so close"" feeling that drives you to try again.I have made it to building 4 in almost every playthrough and to building 5 once. Finishing the level by running (or rather ""wheeling"") through at top speed picking up what I could grab as multiple sentries fling bullets at me.Thats not stealth. There is not enough furniture for stealth at that point. Its about run-n-gun.I'm happy I bought it, but happier I got it on sale.I'll play it again, maybe something will change. But as I now have no problem forfeiting the game rather than fight through a pointless level. I'd rather try FTL, then at least I can play for an hour and learn something I can use the next playthrough."
,Recommended,257120,8026414,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Intheflorsh,"The game is essentially a third person stealth roguelike with a pretty original twist: in order to proceed through the game the player must ""eat"" furniture otherwise used as cover to hide from enemies and other obstacles. The tension between needing to save furniture and wanting to chow down on everything as fast as possible gives the game an interesting strategic depth, and the procedurally generated levels look as if they get insanely complex in later stages. Great fun!"
,Recommended,257120,9337612,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,deilann,"In real life, I am a robot that does not eat furniture, so this really helped me understand what life is like for furniture-eating robots.The answer?Short.Luckily, there is no shortage of them."
76561198027311547,Recommended,257120,20016719,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Timmy,"This is a wonderful rogue-like procedurally-generated stealth-oriented game with brilliant mechanics, nice graphics and a good sense of humor going for it. The machines have taken over this office building and somehow you, an exclamation-mark-looking robot with a remarkable appetite for office furniture, are the only one able (and willing) to look into it and discover the truth waiting on the last floor.In order to beat each stage and access the next one you'll be required to consume a certain amount of furniture, but here's the catch, the only way to avoid lasers and sentinels' line of sight is to duck behind those same piece of furniture. So yeah, it's not like you can run around consuming whatever you stumble upon. Luckily the game will try to ease up your time by providing rechargeable assets like stuns, teleportation, temporary invisibility and even means to modify the stage itself. In addition to the standard campaign you'll also find challanges (set number of floors with certain conditions/limitations) and operations (speedrunners-friendly stages exploiting a particular asset/trap)NOTE: there is no character evolution, but you do earn XP which levels up the campaign itself, thus unlocking/upgrading traps and unlocking new assets. At the very beginning, with low levels campaigns, there will be little variety in enemy types, making early runs a little sentinel-heavy, but don't give up, get some more XP and the problem will solve itself right away!!"
,Not Recommended,257120,8978205,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,hyphz,"I hate to give a bad review because so much about this game is good. The graphics function well, the controls are good, the music is fairly good (it always reminds me of Reckoner by Radiohead) but there's a killer: the sentry robots who oppose you on later levels appear to move randomly. This is death to any stealth strategy. You can hide behind something, but maybe they'll come around and see you, maybe they won't. You can slip past when you're not looking, but maybe they'll turn to see you just as you do, maybe they won't. This can definitely affect fun: maybe you'll be stuck waiting for several minutes while a sentry tracks back and forth along the same path, or maybe it'll leave the area right away. Given the rest of the game I'm surprised this happened because this is a fairly fundamental design error."
,Recommended,257120,8124469,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Mezza,This is a weird but oddly addictive little game.I made a 5 minute first impression/overview here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AC922PpSIUcif you would like to check it out.
76561197995865992,Recommended,257120,12496400,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,TasteFlavored,"You are a defenseless robotic exclamation mark valiantly trying to help hoarders declutter their office by eating their furniture.Your goal is to collect enough food to move to the next level or the next office building while dodging rotating lasers, staying out of sight of patrolling floating robot skulls, navigating moving barriers and other obstacles. There are other objectives you will need to complete as well as collecting enough food, like: tagging the rotating lasers and activating sequenced floor plates. You can collect powerups like 1-ups, the ability to become invisible and place blocks, and eat walls (the most useful one). The story is told through auidologs and it's mostly played for laughs, it's pretty entertaining. The graphics are really slick and the music/sound is passable. The really novel thing, besides the premise, is how the difficulty levels up with you - this is a cool idea and makes you play carefully but it does tend to leave you unfulfilled when you have your best run and still can't reach the last level and realize your chances of reaching it in future runs just got worse. As you progress you also unlock challenges, which are mostly just frustrating, and perks for the different powerups. The stealth aspect is clever, you have to balance eating furniture and leaving furniture to hide behind and block lasers. All the obstacles work really well - except the skull bots, they're really unpredictable and difficult to evade. Unless you flow like water they will annoy the crap out of you in the later levels where there can be 6+ of them.In short, this game is worth playing but you should catch it on sale.PS - check out 2DArray's earlier game Company of Myself, it's a really awesome free flash game that'll make you ponder life, the universe and everything."
76561198042212951,Not Recommended,257120,9403358,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Phule of a Took,"Good for the first few hours, but after a while it becomes a bit repetative (the procedurally generated levels helps prolong how long it takes, but it still happens) and as the enemies become more and more difficult (the more you play even the first level is more difficult than the first time you played) the game becomes more and more frustrating rather than more and more rewarding.Since it is a stealth game make sure you are prepared tospend a lot of time waiting.I think a niche audience will love this game, but general audiences will not get more than a few hours of gameplay.Pros:Procedurally generated levels increases replayability timeCons:Not a lot of control over difficulty (easiest difficulty gets more difficult)Increasing game difficulty discourages doing well in game to delay levelingSomewhat clumys controls.  (Not too bad but more than once I have eaten my cover when not meaning to)"
76561198052010244,Not Recommended,257120,24385182,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,G i Jouh,"On the positive side - Game looks great, controls are good.NEGATIVE SIDE - The game is only fun for 15 minutes... after that its repeatative and boring. There is a group of people out there who loves the concept of robots devouring furnature will LOVE this game. The other 99% should probably pass."
76561198025203072,Not Recommended,257120,19559907,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Parabones,"I really, really wish I could like this game. I love stealth, I love robots, and I love randomly generated stuff. The developer of the game is the guy behind The Company of Myself, one of my favorite games when I was a wee middle schooler on Kongregate. This game has a very inventive idea, a stealth game where you must destroy your own cover in order to progress. But this game shows that randomly generated rooms and stealth is NOT a good combination. It is frequently straight-up unfair or frustrating to play most levels. It had never really occured to me before, but a good stealth game requires a whole lot of meticulous level design in order to make the level work. When a level is quite literally just strewn together, all of that meticulous planning done to balance challenge and ingenuity is thrown out the window. Stealth and RNG simply do not mix, and I do not like this game; not for the fault of the author or the game itself, but the very premise of the game just doesn't work. It is very easy for a level to straight up ♥♥♥♥ you over, trap you in a tiny room with a sentry that you literally CANNOT avoid and you MUST get spotted in order to progress, and since there is no set route that the sentries follow, you can be literally stuck waiting a good five minutes for the sentry to look away long enough just to move to the other side of the room. Things like that, things that turn a good idea into a gimmick into a chore. It is not fun to play, as much as I wish it was. This is just an example of a good idea unfortunately making a poor game. Perhaps with better coding for the level generation or more forgiving sentry AI this game could be a lot better."
,Not Recommended,257120,19690114,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Run,"let's start with what rocks:+fun running around, collecting furniture, dodging lasers+early on, you can feel awesome for dodging the sentries.And what doesn't work:-infinite robot sight range-hard to parse how furniture blocks line of sight (sometimes you're crouching behind a desk with no backing, sometimes you are seen, sometime not...)-Random robot movement, with little indication of routesI think these challenges would be fine in a game like invisible Inc, where you can guage what's possible, but here you're constantly stymied by a sight range you couldn't see. Add to that some fairly week ""story"" clips found through levels, and I just can't recommend it. Go play invisble inc, and play smart."
,Recommended,257120,8588758,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,mark | dj.,"Not The Robots is like Katamari with tactics. There are enemies you have to take into consideration so you can't just rush off and eat everything you see. Other than that there are power-ups like invisibility which you'll desperately need in order to advance. The game plays like a roguelike so if you die it's game over. You will level up eventually allowing you to store more items and things like that. All in all Not The Robots is decent. It isn't my favorite game by a longshot and it will never appear in any of my top 10 lists, but it's kinda fun for short sessions.[Rating: 68/100]"
,Recommended,257120,8043238,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,alcoholer14,The old familiar feeling. Like (not) so many years ago. Like some best nights in my life. Like playing MGS2.Green-gray-metallic colors? ✔Anxious music? ✔Realistic stealth? ✔Tactical (but not espionage) action? ✔Every level is a challenge. Can you accept it?
76561197973168969,Not Recommended,257120,32165757,Posted: 3 June,all,Smoke,"The game was fun for a few minutes, but it eventually became tedious and the controls are frustrating at times and mediocre at best. Good art, not a bad concept, poor execution. Probably would've been better off actually designing levels as well, procedural levels are typically uninspired and repetitive."
,Recommended,257120,30863501,Posted: 31 March,all,Rudohvast,"Starting out the first time that I played this game, it wasn't a satisfying experience that I hoped it would be, but I played it for almost an hour. I came back to it the next day and played it without the depressing, ominous, and unpropitious music (if you can even call it that), and instead played my own music, and I had a blast. Supposedly there is a campaign within the game, however, I have yet to get that far into the game, or I have over looked some things, but it is a very difficult game, as I haven't gotten past the 4th building/level, and that is with the difficulty at its lowest. But my over all experience with the game has been positive, and I believe I got my money's worth for it especially since I got it on sale for $1."
,Recommended,257120,15525651,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,PandACT,"I IMPLORE  you to get this game. I don't know why you are looking at this game, but if it's on sale, or if you have a coupon... It's well worth 10.00! Don't waste your money on another game. This game is better than all of my other games.Note to developers: You did a GREAT job on this one. It's got mystery, sci-fi, roguelike, dynamics, unique gameplay, achievments, unlockables, easter eggs, secrets, and levels. I don't know how you managed to get all that amaing stuff in!"
,Recommended,257120,12501390,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"A fantastic stealth based Rogue Like game. I picked it up on sale, butwith the game play I've gotten out of it, I'd stillh ave payed full price. A lot of stealth games rely on basic mechanics that can get stale after a while, or don't cause a lot of tensions. The ones that do it right make for really stressful moments, and Not the Robots nails it on every level.  Every time you screw up, you know that you should have done something differently, and it's pretty much your fault. The tension that's created for the AI looking for you is fantastic, making you on the edge of your seat repeatedly saying ""please don't look here please don't look here"". Honestly, I'm not coming up with a lot of negatives for the game, it does most elements well and is a game that is great to play if you want to kill time or even just get your heart pumping.I've got some basic gameplay/mechanics here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-UGaIiKOQYif you want to see the game in action."
,Recommended,257120,8047342,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,diastatic.power,"Crazy good!  It's got a simple dynamic to learn, but some really difficult challenges as you progress.  The difficulty seems to ramp up perfectly with your skill.  It's got a great sense of humor about it, and an overall very slick fit & finish.  I've played it on both OS X and Win7 so far, and both perform equally well (thank you!)  I'm completely in love with this game already, and it just keeps getting better.  HIGHLY recommended!"
,Recommended,257120,19977392,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DaReputableJesus,"SHORT REVIEW INCOMING:NOT THE ROBOTS is a great stealth-roguelike that impresses with its unique gameplay mechanics. The vague story and the game upgrading system, which expands the game with features after every death, make NOT THE ROBOTS to a perfect timekiller. One of the best roguelikes out there."
76561198054080528,Recommended,257120,25364753,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,frackfrick,"Not The Robots might've just created a new genre of video game: the skill based stealth game.Let me explain, most stealth games have set enemy patrols and cover. You're encouraged to take your time and plan for the perfect path through the level. NTR has a section at the beginning of each level where you can attempt to make a strategy, but if you try to aproach this game the same way you approach other stealth games you will be severely punished.Not only do the patrolling enemies not have set paths but, as soon as the first enemy spots you, the furniture (your only cover) begins to TELEPORT AROUND THE LEVEL. This can lead to some stupid moments where you're hiding in a one exit room behind the last peice of cover (which you've strategecly left behind after eathing the rest), then suddenly the cover is gone and you get killed by the 5 enemies that happen to be in the room at the moment. Most of the time, however, the mechanic serves as a way to force you to think on your feet. NTR shines the brightest at the moments where you run into a room, a small army of sentinals on your tail, and have to quicky find the best peice of cover in a room that was literaly thrown together randomly. In short, any amount of planning won't help you in NTR, you will be judged on your knowledge of the core game mechanics, fundemental knowledge of how line-of-sight works, and nothing more.oh, and the ""perfect advertisement"" storyline clips are hallarious.8.5/10"
,Recommended,257120,8339275,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,beason4251,"Roguelike enough that the distinction doesn't matter (once everything has been unlocked, it's a roguelike). Very well done pure stealth game: don't expect to kill more than a few enemies - you actually have to be sneaky. Since levels are generated procedurally (and generated well) and offer a wide range of difficulty, the game is very replayable."
76561198047511022,Recommended,257120,8048619,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Skywiperzzery,"Buy this game now!!, a fast paced easy to learn and impossible to master roguelike with the mechanics of a classic pac-man like stealth game! Ton's of lore and backstory for the geeks like me, and an extremely pleasing art style! Nothing bad to say about this game! totally worth the 10$."
76561197999797567,Recommended,257120,8026682,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,TheOctagon,"Not the Robots pretty much fits its description: it's a stealth roguelike where you eat furniture :-DBy eating furniture you essentially eat up any possible cover you have, which is an awesome way of adding strategy into the mix. The levels get harder as you play on, and randomize each time you play (a la roguelike). On top of all this, promises of a story in the form of recorded messages push the gameplay even further.Only one bug came into play while I was playing: by trying to eat any kind of upgrade or item box when you otherwise couldn't (ie, you have an item or haven't completed the leve to get the upgrade) switches movement controls to camera controls, and doesn't let go unless you get rid of an item.Other than that, this game is an easy recommendation; it's cheap, it's fast, it's fun, and it runs perfect on my toaster of a laptop."
76561198281484746,Recommended,257120,30364444,Posted: 6 March,all,FreakeyP,"Best way to describe this game... Pac-Man meets Metal Gear Solid, meets Office Battle... Let me explain.The goal is to eat the furniture in the office to progress.Sounds simple enough right? Wrong.You have seven buildings to complete, and with each building you complete, the level of difficulty increases.By the way... Did I mention... the levels are fully procedural.There are all types of obstacles to stop you from progressing. From lasers to guard robots with only one thing on their minds... Your destruction.But fear not... You have a multitude of power-up to help you along the way.Gameplay is simple and fun.Some might find the graphics perhaps a little subpar but for the stealthy type of game it is, I find the graphics and sound quite well done.Nothing to write home to mom about, but by no means subpar, to my view.Don't take my word for it, and check out my video by clicking on the link.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hb9V9sVF8KA&list=PLGCO4EfbVB6XXoAnQMUJjoEh3c2BLfHx8&index=69"
,Recommended,257120,24981749,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,∨∨ᴉ⊣CH HOUS3 S▲SH▲,"This game is fun for the first few minutes but then it gets a bit repetitive. The game is rouge like and each level is generated differently every time. However, it's not a bad game and it's well crafted but it gets tiring after a bit. It's ok. 6/10 for me."
76561198040144823,Recommended,257120,8052048,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Tomoko The Reliable,"Fantasticly challenging, will agrivate you until you can't play it anymore. Highly recomend."
,Recommended,257120,8063903,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,› mineshaft,"This game is super stylish. I'm in love.You are a robot eating furniture. You sneak around environments but you are constantly eating your own cover!I've only scratched the surface but it's an easy recommend, more detail as I get better."
76561198079897593,Recommended,257120,8071580,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,jawzx01,"This game is an usual purchase for me.... I normally am a FPS guy. But, lately I really love stealth games (Splinter Cell, Dishonored, Fry Cry and etc.). They create interesting tension and creates a sort of dynamic puzzle for me to solve. Anyway, I saw TotalBiscuit's WTF is... video on this game and thought it was a clever take on stealth-ish games. It's obviously not FPS (at all) but I like the game and do recommend it.Aspects that appeal to me: Randomly generated levels, progressive game (note it’s not character progression -- you unlock features of the game as you play).Anyway, I do recommend this -- I think it's a great game and I’m impressed that a small team has assembled this. The concept is simple but it works so well. Straightforward mechanics but will be difficult to master.Technical note: The game is stable. I’ve had no issues (crashes, locks, etc) on my AMD Based computer (CPU and GPU). I have all graphics turned up as high as possible and get a solid 60 FPS (HD 7950). Very pleased with the performance and stability of the game."
,Recommended,257120,8099442,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Alpha_486,"Pros: Amazing stealth gameplay, great soundtrack, nice visual design, great mechanics, endless replayability, the game becomes more difficult as you level up.Cons: Ummmm, i honestly cant say anything bad about this game, just buy it!"
76561197979359699,Recommended,257120,8133172,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,[HAX] Rawhide Kobayashi,"Strong roguelikelike where the unlocks actually serve to make the game more challenging, which is an innovative idea. Basically, you don't level: the game does. Like Katamari Damacy had a baby with Metal Gear Solid."
,Recommended,257120,8189456,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,vacri,"A stealth puzzler with a twist - you have to destroy your own cover to progress through each level. And as you get better, the game levels up against you."
,Recommended,257120,16008543,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,TheDaemoness,"Oh goodness. This game is really interesting. A mechanic in a stealth game where you have to destroy your own cover in order to progress is something I'd never seen before, but that is pulled off quite well here.I will say that on odd-numbered buildings, the game feels very arcade-y, what with the spinning lasers, timed floor traps, and sliding walls. That isn't a bad thing, but there's something to be said about the sense of dread that I get going into the odd-numbered levels which feature sentries that really make the stealth aspects of this game come to light.I would love to see more gameplay elements in the future, should it continue to receive updates, ones that make the game feel more stealth-focused rather than arcade-focused. Until then, definitely recommended. It's highly replayable, and fun no matter what your playstyle."
,Recommended,257120,8470205,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,BarkingDoggy,"This game was very fun!  It is a good game because it makes you think and sometimes, you have to teleport, turn invisible, and dig just to hide from security robots.  Mostly, its just eating and hiding behind furniture. 10/10"
,Recommended,257120,12486571,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Spynapple,This game is hilarious. But the sentries are bloody scary.
76561198097377539,Recommended,257120,31576015,Posted: 6 May,all,Bill Nye the CI Spy,"You Play as A Ikea Hating Robot Who Wants to Eat All Their Furniture, Only Problem is that Same Furniture Keeps you Hidden from Robots Who Want to Shoot You. Oh Boy, This is Going to Be FunBill Nye the CI Approved!"
,Not Recommended,257120,16731051,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,HuskeyG,"This game does a lot of things right. It still feels like there is something missing though and this is a demo of an almost completed game. The random looped music is neat and the glimpses of a storyline of the depressed programmer is interesting. I think it could appeal to a large number of people, but it wasn't for me."
,Not Recommended,257120,21231756,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Sarcasmo The Worst,"Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game, despite the game itself being quite fun. I will leave it to the far more descriptive reviewers to expand on the gameplay. This game has a tendency to crash around building 6 or 45 minutes. I am unsure which is a factor, or if it is an operating system issue (Windows 10 is not listed within Sys Recs). I went back and died on an early level just to see if my runs were the only thing lost this way. As it turns out, death leads to points based on performance which will unlock more things within the game. When the game crashes, all progress is lost. Hopefully some stability fixes will come in."
76561198142066430,Not Recommended,257120,17528152,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Maestro,the sound track.  no.  kills the game. also gameplay is uninspired and the whole feel is very much lacking.  got cheap on sale but still regret just having it in my library
76561198053772933,Not Recommended,257120,19512658,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,dtq_,depressing.
,Not Recommended,257120,18463234,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Mad Pigeon,Very hard stealth game where you consume your cover before leaving every level.Was too difficult for me to remain interested.
,Recommended,257120,12511749,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,CrimZone,The best Eat Furniture Simulator ever.8 / 10.
76561198046348465,Recommended,257120,8043717,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,griffin175,"this game is pretty cool, but theres a few things that could be made better. theres no story (or i havent foun it yet) or reason why there's a robot easting furnerature and there's lasers and sentries trying to stop it. also, the offices look like they're run by horders because things are in strange places, like a group of computers on the ground with a lamp it the middle. for now until i find out why, i like to think the robot was built by a guy with OCD and wanted to clean up his house but when he took it to the buisiness (one that only hires horders) that was going to mass produce and distribute it, the robot got loose and ate the office. it's still fun though so i reccomend it"
,Recommended,257120,9146673,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Tixola,"Simple, and that is the beauty. I could lose (and have already lost) substantial time playing this. The premise is simple - eat all the furniture in the office and don't get attacked by the security bots. Minimalist, frustrating, addictive and really good value for money. Don't waste another second. Buy it!!"
,Recommended,257120,22700275,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Mr. Needful,"Play the demo on the website. This game has a tremendously difficult learning curve and an amazingly unique concept. If you can overcome the one, you'll fall in love with the other."
,Recommended,257120,13612676,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Shamil,WOW.......this game is simply amazing!
,Recommended,257120,25392735,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Cryohydra911,"I am the furniture eater! Everything is edible, delectable garbage!Welcome to a stealth furniture-eating simulator, where you, a sentient robotic garbage can, must eat as much furniture and appliances as you can without tripping the defenses of the office buildings. Okay, you don't HAVE to stealth, but if you want to get cut through by rotating lasers, slam your mechanical face into prototype Aperture Material Emancipation Grills, get chased by floating mines, and shot at by mobile sentry bots, then be my guest.Not the Robots is a very fun and somewhat arcady game with procedurally-generated levels. As you go through the game, you'll unlock new powerups you can collect and use to defend yourself - but you will also unlock new tricks and traps to avoid, making the game more challenging as you progress. Each level starts you at an elevator, and you will need to eat enough furniture to satisfy your electronic stomach - along with completing various other objectives that you need to unlock the elevator and continue on to the next level. How much furniture you eat, how many levels you make it through, and how many bonus objectives you complete, will determine the amount of points once your run ends - whether that results from you somehow managing to get through all of the office buildings, or, more likely, meeting an untimely demise at the hands of office security. You might be able to collapse yourself and hide behind desks and computer monitors, or even slide under a table and then sprint away when no one's looking, or teleport away just before that mine comes around the corner, but be aware - the traps get more devisive, and the sentries get more tools up their sleeve, especially if they see you. So your best bet is to not get noticed in the first place.This is quite an enjoyable game, and if you happen to get bored or want something different than the regular office building dynamic, there are also various challenges that unlock as you make progress through unlocking levels and achieving certain goals. Perhaps, you might even strive for finding out what the story is behind this whole mess - if you can find those computer logs scattered throughout the levels at random. It's good for sinking in a small twenty minutes, or taking an entire afternoon. It plays smoothly, sounds great, and its visuals have a very gritty yet childlike cartoon quality to them that makes it that much more enjoyable to roll around in.Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,257120,25006136,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Tango Wango,Seeing more than one sentry really raises my blood pressure.
76561197993589456,Recommended,257120,8405480,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,IonStormVortex,"Bought this one on the advice of a friend who said ""it's good for 10 minute size adrenaline bites every now and then"", and I couldn't agree more.  It's a silly, novel concept that loads fast, plays smooth and ends badly, every time. :)  You are a robot who eats furniture (don't let this guy loose in IKEA) in progressively harder buildings, each randomly generated.It's permadeath and you don't keep your items or location, but you do keep your experience progress in campaign mode, opening up better items as you play.  It has high replayability (it's also kid-friendly).It really is great for when you have 10 minutes free and 10 minutes only and want a quick time waster.  It has an ""arcade"" style to it while having enough elements to keep you launching it."
,Recommended,257120,11930641,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Heat,"Easily one of my favorite small-purchase games I've bought. The gameplay is very simple... at the beginning, that may seem like a fault, but you'll find out as you progress through the games that the small spattering of available traps can be rearranged into a good number of scary setups.By and large, the level setup changes with every game. You'll find different tools as well, making it somewhat rougelike. The game rewards (and sometimes requires) gambles and is also packed with secrets and unlockables. There is some lore to discover underneath the campy setup...Basically, a great game for stealth enthusiasts who want a tighter experience. You won't be overwhelmed with the variety of tools you have at your disposal: there are no levels, and no equipment, basically just items. However, the action can be fast paced. You'll find you'll spend some time thinking up strategies and learning to master everything available to survive.Also a great game for roguelike fans. I found myself running headlong back into the setup menu after every (permanent!) death, eager to see what the next run had for me. With the ability to save mid-campaign, there's no better time to get it for gamers who like short sessions.Recommended for people who like roguelikes, stealth games, dark humor, games that can run on somewhat lower-end machines, pushing themselves in video games, controls that are intuitive, and short gaming sections.I don't necessarily recommend the game for people who feel they need very long games, aren't interested in replaying games (i.e. don't like roguelikes), are looking for a ""mech"" game (the scariest robot you're going to find is a spinning floating skull, but that's plenty; I should also mention that the designs lean more towards charming and quirky than menacing), or do not like the taste of office furniture."
,Recommended,257120,12495977,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Melonplex,"It's good so far. Controllers work fine, and seems like it would be good to play on a TV.Linux support is great, and the option to use Linux and a controller makes this perfect for Steam OS."
,Recommended,257120,10413647,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,{G.I.T.V} ♛Legendary Villain♛,So you think you have a high I.Q!? Okay prove It.
76561198003882521,Recommended,257120,8825160,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Best Bud (trustworthy),"The most fun I never knew I needed.It just so happens to be the most unique (not to mention fun) stealth game out there. With almost infinite replayability, super speedy playthroughs, and an interesting storyline to boot, you'd be crazy NOT to pick it up!Honestly, I really hope this game gets a sequel or DLC of some kind in the future, as I'd gladly snap it up. In a heartbeat."
,Recommended,257120,9409024,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Shroom,satisfied butin an upcoming update there needs to be a multiplayer feature so you can you friends can compete for who gets the most funiture or who can not die first and have humans walk aroud.AT LEAST THE PROMOTION WAS THERE $4 babe!
,Recommended,257120,12570835,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,gwynbLeidd,"To be honest, I bought it because it was just $0.99, but turns out it's really fun.If you're a ""big"" fan of stealthy games, you'll like it.Buy it (if it's still $0.99).Long story short, you're a robot and eat furnitures without getting caught.I'm at building 6 floor 1 right now.So far, I've seen short blue lasers, long yellow lasers, and hot floors and sentries.There is no way avoiding blue lasers.You have to be out of its sight if you don't wanna get hurt.And yellow lasers; You can just avoid them by crouching (press shift).Hot floors are just... hot floors.They hurt you if you stand on them.And the worst enemy in the game is sentries I guess.Once they see you, they start looking for you.And when they see you, they just shoot non-stop.And the most fun part is : If you die, you start over.Thank god I still haven't."
76561198041278444,Recommended,257120,13016615,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Rico,Very well executed procedural stealth. Nice overall atmosphere and good use of simple mechanics. Definitely worth its price.
76561198047518514,Not Recommended,257120,34649916,Posted: 31 August,all,halo19248,"I love challenging games, but only the ones that are DESIGNED to be motivatingly difficult, not the ones that turn out to be frustratingly difficult because of DESIGN FLAWS. Unfortunately, ""Not The Robots"" belongs to the latter type, and it's tragic because I believe this could have been a superb game if only the developers had taken care of the details and weaknesses, of which there are so many that this turned out to be a very long review.The sentries (armed moving robots) have infinite detection range, fully-random movement, but you cannot even overlook the whole map at once. In combination, this kills the stealth element and means you cannot plan ahead your moves. If there are more than three sentries, it becomes next to impossible to control the situation and the level will more than likely turn into a silly run-and-gun rally (they gun, you run...) through a near empty room (since you have to ""eat"" your cover). Sure, this is ""difficult"" in its own right, but it's also the opposite of great gameplay. What I mean is:If you start out strategically removing furniture, meticulously setting and removing wall pieces, altering the floor plan to outsmart your enemies, but in the end you have to strap on your stupid armor and run for the exit under heavy fire anyway, then what's the point??? Every level becomes a total farce and caricature of itself.As the game ""progresses"" (see below for the weird way this works), it introduces fast moving ""whirlwind"" enemies that freely float across the map, ignoring all walls and obstacles (similar to spotlights in real stealth games, only the latter are slow, cannot penetrate walls and usually move in patterns); from then on, the whole thing loses any semblance of a functional stealth game whatsoever.Overall, there is little strategy involved in this game, which I found very disappointing. You mostly drive around, scoop up the ""food"" and hope for the best. The idea to remove the player's cover to forward the game may be novel, but it is ultimately self-defeating because the more is removed, the less options/strategy/stealth for the player to solve the level remain.There is too much left to random, not only the gadgets, but even the number of gadget SLOTS. This means if you get to the higher levels and are still stuck with only one slot due to bad luck with the random pickups, you are essentially doomed to fail by a random number generator.What's worse, you have limited slots and never know what you'll get from the pickup boxes (random). This is another example how the game deprives itself of a great opportunity to allow the player to develop a strategy or prepare for the next tower. (Certain towers have certain features, so you just about know what's coming, despite the randomness.)This is aggravated by the poor choice of gadgets put in the game, such as ""armor"" or ""speed boosts"". These things have no tactical value for the gameplay whatsoever, they don't give you choices or make the game interesting. There is one good pair of gadgets, namely the wall remover/adder. This DOES give you options, and it is often essential for beating a level. But then why put a teleport gadget in the game which is almost the same as the wall remover? And what's the point of invisible+ when there is teleport+? Stupid design decisions.Another flaw I noticed was the lack of precise movement caused by your character being designed as a ""one-wheeler"" which always makes little rotation and jittering movements to balance itself; why, oh why do they shoot themselves in the foot with these stupid ideas? This jittering thing totally frustrates your attempts to precisely come to a halt at positions, move in 90 degree angles, steer into narrow passages, avoid floor traps, or select the furniture to remove (which depends on position). As if the game wasn't frustrating enough, you cannot even steer this thing right!All things considered, this is a flawed game marred by many little design weaknesses and a core concept  that seems cool on the surface, but quickly turns out to be a flop. Don't be fooled, the game looks great when you see it, but play it for a while and you'll know exactly what I mean.Back to the drawing board, ""2DArray""! You never really thought this through, shame on you!P.S.: I corrected some inexact descriptions and also want to add two things I forgot to mention:1) The game has a very weird (anti-)progression system (allegedly ""rogue-like"") which I found counter-productive and demotivating: If you die, you always have to restart at Tower 1, but the game will still give you (and your enemies!) upgrades for your progress (at failing, LOL). In other words, the game somehow progresses with new opponents, new traps and new gadgets while you restart from the beginning over and over again (the towers are random-generated, but still have fixed rules like Tower 1 is always super-easy, Towers 3 and 5 never have sentries, Towers 5+ may have a tagging extra game, and so forth).I noticed that you can exploit the procedural generation for your own advantage: Just survey the next level (from the CCTV camera) without entering yet. If you find it too hard or to your disliking, use the CTRL function (save game) to leave, then re-enter. Since the map's random seed is not saved, you will get a completely different map each time you enter. This can make a tremendous difference because some maps are 10 times easier than others despite being the same level nominally. For example, it's entirely possible to get a map where four out of five sentries are stuck in one room because furniture blocks the exit(s). But then again, you may get a map where you cannot even enter safely because enemies block your path and have their paths blocked as well.2) The game also has a ""story"", told through voice actors, perhaps in a hopeless attempt to make it more interesting/endearing, but that failed as well; I quickly muted the voice acting because it's nerdy, out of place, distracting, annoying, and I didn't give a ♥♥♥♥ anyway. I mean, this is a super-abstract game about a robot eating furniture - END OF STORY!Essentially, the base game was not thought through, tested and fine-tuned enough and all the ideas added to make it stand out from the crowd flopped - and tragically sank it below crowd level in the process."
76561198041798716,Recommended,257120,8903624,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,erg,"A really intense stealth game, that rewards patience and strategy. There are plenty of secrets, lots of variety, and it has an inherent difficulty increase because you need to consume your cover to succeed. Brilliant game, get it.here's some gameplay/commentary:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSYGpmxZd_A"
76561197968956752,Recommended,257120,12493398,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,glub ♥Linux,"✓ Rogue-like, randomized levels✓ Nice presentation✓ Interesting game mechanics✓ A good challenge✓ DRM-free build exists! (Humble Store)✓ Linux support!✘ No co-op multiplayer"
76561198120861358,Recommended,257120,13029578,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,under,"Great game, absolute time killer. I forgot to feed my goldfish, now need to buy a new one. :( Great game overall, would give 11/10 if I could!!"
,Not Recommended,257120,9727524,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Techbane,"It's pretty darn unique, I have to give it that. Unfortunately in practice I find that the mechanics can quickly become not only tiresome but even frustrating, and the random level generation can eat a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not too far into my very first run it spawned me in a tight room with all 4 of the roving enemies in that level; certain death quickly ensued. It seems like it'd work much better with a more varied, predefined level structure and the random endless mode as a bonus. As is, it falls into my ""want to like it but can't"" category."
,Recommended,257120,9668790,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Zelso,Want to be a robot that eats furniture get not the robots
,Recommended,257120,12503262,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Juan Deag,"Great game,requires good thinking and nice puzzle solving skills,as well as patience!10/10"
,Recommended,257120,9354423,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Pinko Scum,"Not The Robots is the best $4 that you'll ever spend. Sneaking around, evading security, and eating furniture has never been so much fun. It even has a story. So, if you want to spend $4 and get an addictive game, you'll be happy. There isn't too many addictive substances left for that low of a price anymore."
76561198125138722,Recommended,257120,18491615,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Flandalf,"I'm okay with the fact that you are a robot that eats furniture. I'm okay with that, because sometime in the future, that may happen as some sort of waste disposal. I guess. But why are there lasers and sentries guarding the furniture? Someone could get hurt. Like me. Oh and sentries are the most annoying enemies in any strategy game ever here, you know how sentries in every other game follow a set pattern? Yeah not this game, they just randomly walk around and shoot you to hell whenever their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-o-vision sees through cover and goes mental. Other than that, it's kinda fun i guess, at least the laser levels are, because you know, logic, not just getting lucky."
,Recommended,257120,12482883,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Dad's Gaming Addiction,"A simple but fun stealth game where the levels randomly generate.  The idea is to eat enough furniture (food) in order to trigger the exit, though doing so removes the available cover used to hide from sentries and the like.  Worth the 99 cents I paid.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvRicR1CvH8"
76561198284683577,Recommended,257120,24990356,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,99 Flake,your a robot who has a fetish for furniture whats not to love XDnote - i got this on a sale
,Not Recommended,257120,15710756,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Klingon knife fights,"I love stealth games.  I love Mark of the Ninja, I love Gunpoint, I loved Splinter Cell Conviction, and I love Monaco though I need to play it more.  However, I wouldn't really call Not The Robots a stealth game.  This game is almost real good, but one thing really kills me: the sentries, your main enemy in this game, the things that you actually hide from.In the games I listed above, the enemies are all predictable to a certain extent, enough to let me plan out what I want to do.  I can see what their fields of vision are, I can clearly see what direction they're facing, and I know what paths they will take, so I can strategize and plan accordingly.  In Not The Robots, the sentries see forward forever so they have no visible field of vision, it's not clear really what direction the sentries are looking, and the sentries explore rooms and move around at random.First off, I'm OK with there being no field of vision since they can see forward forever.  The thing is that it's also hard to see what direction they're looking.  It would be super great if they just had like a laser sight or a flashlight, to give me quick knowledge of what direction they were facing.  I'd feel much more confident hiding that way, and there are already lasers in the game that seem designed to show me how far they can reach and when they are blocked by an object.  I don't see why the sentries couldn't have something similar.But hands down the worst part of the sentries–I'm sorry, but of the whole game–is their patternless movement.  Like I said before, the sentries explore rooms and move around at random.  I can't tell where they're going to be, so I can't plan any course of action that doesn't involve being nowhere near them in almost guaranteed safety.  Even though I CAN hide behind them, there's literally no telling when one will make a 180º turn and see me, then chase me while shooting me to death as I scramble away.  This does not allow me the ability to strategize.  I found myself waiting, straight-up waiting for the sentries to go away so I could dash for the exit, not having any idea when they would leave, and I waited 5-10 minutes for my ideal window, which was just all the robots leaving the room at the same time.  I don't mind waiting for an enemy to leave me alone, but in any of the games I listed above I actually know when that will be.  I just want the sentries to have set paths, or patterns, like they always follow the wall, or always turn a certain way, or /something/ besides just complete randomness followed by chasing.  This weakness in the design basically turns me off to the whole game, despite its inventive concept, great graphics, tight controls, and what was probably going to be an interesting story : (Speaking of inventive concept, I think the procedural level generation in this game is really an interesting idea.  It would be awesome if stealth games had procedurally generated levels, because it would mean you could just play the game over and over again and have a new challenge each time.  But this game doesn't feel like a stealth game to me really.  Each procedurally generated level is not a new puzzle for me to figure out, it's just basically me waiting for the robots to get out of my way, however long that will take.  Rather than a stealth game, this game reminds me more of Receiver, which is a fun little FPS that I'm TERRIBLE at, wherein you hide from and shoot down flying sentry robots as you explore a procedurally generated map looking for tapes.  Except in Not The Robots you don't have a gun, and the robots find you easier.  This also reminds me of Receiver thematically, with the dark, mysterious atmosphere, and unusual story background.  In fact, Receiver is going to be my recommendation instead of this game.  Sorry guys."
76561198071307974,Not Recommended,257120,25298716,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Amethystkitty,So this is lame. I know.But I liked everything about this game but how serious it takes itself.I was hoping for a funny game and the mood music and story threw me.Maybe its just me.Everything else about the game was fine.Just not my tea.
76561198122930698,Recommended,257120,12784735,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,bysonman,'MMMMMMMMMM NICE'that is what i say when i eat stuff in this game butttttttttits best to play with a controller i found it hard to use the keyboard8.99999999999999999999999/10
,Recommended,257120,12650336,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,The Greatest Gatsby,"Starts easy to let you learn the mechanics, then ramps up the difficulty so quickly you'll start crying because you'll get so attached to your cute little furniture-eating robot friend :-)"
,Recommended,257120,12820126,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,123,"Game is very fun and addictive.  It gets harder as you progress, which makes for some interesting strategic decisions.  I never knew robots liked eating furniture :P"
,Not Recommended,257120,12926623,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,shadowheart135,"Very repetitive and just overwhemingly boring. I have no idea how this has so many postive reviews, it's just so bad! And... £7?! Seriously? It was on sale 90% when I bought it so glad I didn't waste £7 on this."
,Recommended,257120,12971660,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,psieks,"I've had this game for awhile. Bought it on a whim, didn't expect to play much. I mostly bought it for the silly premise given in the description. Somehow this game ended up far darker than I bargained for. I've gotten minimal story from laptops and at this point all I want is more. All I wanted was to eat furniture at my leisure.The camera is probably the most difficult part of the game at the beginning. Controlling it is through a fairly common method (mouse/trackpad control) but it doesn't exactly fit in with the other controls. Then again my hands are reversed in games and I would really appreciate a ""lefty flip"" so that arrow key controls+some other method of controlling the camera with left hand as opposed to right. The game isn't impossible the way it is now, but there are little details like the one I've already mentioned with the bias toward ??? (I'm not left handed but the way gaming controls are set up I almost always prefer the left setup.) I'm not quite sure. It's a very individiual problem and is the only one I've had with this game.For more furniture-eating fun, I highly recommend buying this game. It's low commitment and doesn't need much attention. Just come in when you've got five or ten minutes to knock out and you're good to go."
76561198145137111,Not Recommended,257120,12989319,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Kum Captain,"This game makes no sense, I was confused the whole time I played it and it has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story line to it or from what I saw. Didn't play to long as you can see but wasn't engaging nor did it give anything that was different from any other stealth/strategy game. Twas bland, tasteless and boring. Would I recommend it? As you can see I gave it a thumbs down but if you got it for 99 cents like I did take the gamble and see for yourself but it didn't catch my fancy at all. Not saying it was bad just the developers could have done a better job at engaging the player rather then eat furniture and computers and dodge lasers, but one good note I did like the animation/cartoon-y look to it."
,Not Recommended,257120,13400172,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Moonbear,"I don't know, maybe it's just me, but this game is just plain boring. When I started it the 2nd time, I couldn't force myself to play it."
,Recommended,257120,8445496,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,"Lord Wolf, of Wolf House",this is the sad story of a misunderstod robot who just wants to be an interoir designer
,Recommended,257120,12768333,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,ChaosUncaged,You eat furniture while avoiding drones!Whats not to love?!
,Recommended,257120,14941247,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Pork-Chop Express,"If you only buy one furniture eating stealth robot roguelike game this year, make sure it's Not The Robots."
,Recommended,257120,8457126,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,"Tiens, voilà du boudin","Why should you play it?-intense gameplay-atmospheric mood-weird and paranoiac AI-some mysteries involved-as you level up, the games level up too-many challenges-building no 7"
,Not Recommended,257120,17543974,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,CashlessRain,What a great game to kill a minute. I'm glad I wasted my pennies on this Deppression Simulator.
76561198063858525,Recommended,257120,12499884,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Kelch2112,You really can't fathom the awesomness of this game until you have experienced it your self.
,Recommended,257120,12541107,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Be back September 2017,"Very nice game, very addictive, and secrets nice nice, I highly recommend playing this game is really fun!"
,Recommended,257120,12496264,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Баклажан,Suprsingingly really good for $1. Challenging but fun
76561198028047970,Recommended,257120,9288894,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Mr. Bunny,Eat a desk then got shot to death. 10/10 would do again.
,Recommended,257120,16467806,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jimmy,Great Robot.
,Recommended,257120,8026525,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Shine,"Not bad, cute little game.More of a puzzle game than anything else. Repetative gameplay with the only realy variations being difficulty and 'sizes' of puzzles. But enjoyable.Probably not worth quite worth $10."
76561198122987357,Recommended,257120,13721235,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Nexo Ninjas,NOM NOM NOM NOM!
,Recommended,257120,15808502,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,jac1002,It's a good game.I recommend you buy and play it.
,Recommended,257120,12715855,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Koweja,"A very simple game that manages to be highly entertaining, and surprisingly difficult at times. Part puzzle, part stealth the ga -OH MY GOD SOMEBODY HELP ME A ROBOT IS EATING MY COMPU"
,Recommended,257120,9073866,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,crpack |~iwl~| -LS- -HFE-,Ten otta ten
,Recommended,257120,12573370,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,DC-DC,"First u must eat the furnitures in every floor then u can go another floor if your eat atatus is full bar..This game is simple but u must have strategy to win floor by floor..So you can refresh your brain with this game..Lets come to eat,, eat n eat.. :D"
,Not Recommended,257120,34006226,Posted: 3 August,all,space king,"cute, but repetitive to the point of tedium"
,Recommended,257120,31996135,Posted: 27 May,all,alozta,Simple yet adventurous game.
76561198041234990,Recommended,257120,30855653,Posted: 31 March,all,viper_2029,"Only played for 5 mins and it has already set a pretty good impression, especially when it comes to stealth-based gameplay. Definitely gets challenging the more you play.Nonetheless, there may be some further graphic optimization needed. For some reason my health bar keeps flashing...Overall 9/10"
76561197974281429,Not Recommended,257120,12870308,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,W. Crispy,"The concept is interesting.  The controls are awful.  I wish they had more precision.  It's too easy to accidentally eat furniture you wish to keep to hide behind.  The difficulty seems really sporadic, as well.  I thought it would be more fun, but it's so simple with an ""arcade"" / iPhone app feel that it didn't hold my interest for more than an hour."
,Recommended,257120,15195463,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Vinrafel,"Not the Robots is a great game. It pulls together stealth mechanics and rouge-like fun into one neat package.Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JGdTTbCthwWhat is it?Not the Robots is a rouge-like stealth game where you play as a robot eating furniture. Every level is randomly generated, perma death, yadda yadda rouge-like stuff (I'm sure that most of you know the genre). What is more interesting is the stelth mechanics. You have a robot that can crouch, move, and use various items. Hiding is decided by line of sight alone. If they can see you, you're done. If they can't then you may live to eat another day.There are three things that really make this game intersting to me. Firstly is the fact that you eat your cover. The furniture, which you have to eat to complete the level, is also what you need to hide behind in order to not be seen. A large amount of strategy comes from the decision of wether or not you should eat that desk. Will it come in handy later? Might you need it to survive? The second thing is the item system. Throughout the levels you can pick up items these can do various things such as destroy permanent walls, turn you invisible, or place a block in front of you. These items can dratically effect how you play and the decision of wether or not you should discard your current item and try your luck at getting a better one is always problematic (in a good way). Finally, the leveling system. Most rouge-likes have a system for unlocking things after you've played a bit. Not the Robots' system is unique in that you not only unlock good things that you can use, but also new enemies and traps.The last thing that I wanted to mention was the difficulty. Starting on a normal campaign, the difficulty starts low and takes a steep climb. The game will evolve as you play it. As you get farther you will need to do more than simply eat furniture and each new objective (obvioulsy) makes your job all the harder. Also, you're not instantly killed if you're seen. You can actually take a bit of fire before you die.Pros:-Good difficulty curve (is that a thing?). By that I mean that the game becomes progressivly more difficult at a good rate. It doesn't start hard as nails, and doesn't remiain easy as pie for too long.-Leveling up helps you but also hurts you. In order to get the cool items, you have to suffer through new traps. Also, as you level up you gain more replayability as new elemnts are added.-You can actually take a hit. Getting seen is not the end of the game, and you can actually run around being shot for long enough to find cover.-Useful, stragety changing items.-They made eating furniture fun. (Bonus, I got to write that sentence)Cons:-It is possible for levels to generate unfairly. I can remember one time where the spawn point was in a room with four sentries. The sentries couldn't get out and there was no way that I couldn't be spotted. However, that was only one spawn of thirty or fourty I did so it's not a terrible issue.Overall, this is a great game. I've completely ejoyed the time I've spent on it so far. May we all eat furniture instead of being slaughtered by horrific sentries."
,Recommended,257120,11554701,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Anterk,"Not the Robots added stealth to it's mix of randomized stealth-level chaos. The game is short, but now that saving exists you need not fear having to start over if you've been having a good run but need to leave. Worth it for the odd premise alone.Gameplay:http://youtu.be/e1MA5k6J4OE"
76561198119690412,Recommended,257120,24994788,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,kadok blakk,I WOULD OFFER THIS AT 250$ IT IS FROM 1931
,Recommended,257120,12591968,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Not The Robots! What you will say when the sentries locate you. This game is a unique experience which hybridizes stealth and tactical/puzzle gameplay to great effect. You play as a robot with an eating disorder which can eat all sorts of furniture and electronics but apparently only the non-hostile variety *shrugs*. The game takes place on floors of an office building as you progress around eating furniture until you collect a sufficent amount and situationally pass through waypoints etc. The game uses sentry bots, lasers and a variety of other static hazards to dwindle away your health (although admittedly the only real threat is the sentry bots) and they provide a great amount of challenge. This game offers better stealth than any other game I've ever played (and I've played quite a few) and the unique concept that the furniture which although provides you with cover must be consumed to proceed to the next floor, as such you have to snack carefully to make sure you have sufficent cover to complete the level without getting over-run with sentries. There is also an inventory system with a host of powerups/abilities to use to help get you out of a pinch, and the fear of restarting the entire sequence, with a single life game over system adds to the frantic nature of the game (one power up gives additional tries). Levels are also randomly generated, and the game does scale quickly, it doesn't hold back but that makes it all the more fun. The story however is nonexistent at best, told in fragments and although this doesn't detract from the experience much as the game is focused on solid gameplay, it would have been nice to have a narrative to back it up. This is nitpicking however and the game is overall a great experience with a full recommendation from me, it offers a gameplay experience that will make you hungry for more."
,Recommended,257120,32517365,Posted: 17 June,all,IcyCyborg,Do you like stealth and to... eat furniture?
76561198010641857,Not Recommended,257120,10317227,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Ivan Moreira,"not bad, not great. puzzles are ok. ""roguelike"" aspect is pretty interesting. ""eating forniture"" is...well...boring.buy it when its on sale."
76561198000807394,Recommended,257120,24097312,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,notafan,yeah.
76561198117342213,Not Recommended,257120,33095768,Posted: 1 July,all,smore566,It no longer works and can't launch on my mac.
,Recommended,257120,12561580,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,portal4k,NOt bad
,Recommended,257120,12488660,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,banalar,gud but hard
,Not Recommended,257120,23638268,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Barrelz,I'd honestly rather Barbeque my own Grandfather than play another minute of this horrible game. The unresponsive utilties combined with ear peircing Fallout Boy in the background just makes for an unenjoyable experience. Like YYYUUUUCKCKKKHere's 5 reasons I hate this gameIt's not The Adventures of Mr. BobleyIt's not Devil's ShareIt's not Brilliant BobIt's not Civic MirrorIt's not The Adventures of Mr. Bobley
76561198142787516,Recommended,257120,33110602,Posted: 1 July,all,GregThePeg,this game made me hard
,Not Recommended,257120,9108950,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ｊｅｓｓｅ ペ イ ン,Not worth the $10. Would be much better if it was first person.
,Not Recommended,257120,26620115,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Jouppi,Not a good stealth game. Very repetitive and boring.
76561198100854231,Not Recommended,257120,9370839,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Billie Joe,this game sucks
,Not Recommended,257120,9493831,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Ben,"This went in an indie bundle less than a week after it came out, good job ripping off people who support you."
,Not Recommended,257120,25771978,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Hoshimoto,"> Be me> Buy ""Not The Robots"" for 0,99€> Start game> Look at screen - it's as black as your soul> Try ""ALT + TAB""> Try ""ALT + F4""> Try ""CTRL + ALT + DEL""> Take a closer look at this dark abyss> Smash power switch> Reboot> Look for solutions> Try solution> Try ""ALT + TAB + DEL"", then ""ALT + F4"", then ""CTRL + ALT + DEL""> Think ""Not The Robots - Yeah... indeed!""> Smash power switch> Reboot> Repeat twice> Wonder if 15 minutes of black screen are worth 0,99€> Uninstall ""Not The Robots""> Delete ""Not The Robots""> Hate your life"
,Not Recommended,257120,8682292,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Slomo,"Some might like a challenge, But no story and no point to play it for... 3rd ""level"" the first turret appears and there is zero escaping."
,Not Recommended,257120,8100578,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Jerkops,"Bland game with a boring gimmick whose life is artificially lengthened by buzzword du jour ""procedurally generated"" nonsense."
,Recommended,257120,8770793,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,TheShogun,"""Roguelike Stealth Furniture Eating Simulator""That's basically what the game is about. This game isn't easy I must say, it requires a lot of patience when playing and unlike other rougelike games it isn't as simple as killing your enemies, you need to evade every single one of them while you eat furniture a.k.a. your only cover.The game is fun yet challanging, includes rpg like upgrades you find while playing and features extra single challanges to play and a progress bar that unlocks new items and upgrades.In my opinion it's worth those 10$"
76561198001022467,Recommended,257120,9017255,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Cant_Carry_Me,"Nice concept. Stealth with cover removal via your own actions. The difficulty ramps up and lots of unlockable traps and items to spice things up. Its procedurally generated so that can cause some impossible areas, but the dig pickup will remove this difficulty. Great replayability."
76561198012864536,Recommended,257120,16907152,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Tiger's Eye,"This game is like if god and the devil would've sit together and the devil would've said: ""Look, you know design, I know function. Let's combine this and see what comes out."" And out came Not The Robots."
,Recommended,257120,17571234,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,[SQ]Noname,"Don't mistake this game for a joke because it says ""furniture eating simulator"".This is a serious stealth game, and a good one as well.In short:Different modes and upgrades to unlock keep the game interestingDifficulty curve not too harsh for a roguelikeReally good procedural level generationAlthough no Workshop, it contains an (unlockable) custom level editorGreat soundtrackPlays well with a gamepadPlays well on LinuxActive and caring developerIf you like stealth games, you should check this out. It's definitely worth the price.Recommended."
,Recommended,257120,16852718,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Croissant,"Very Interesting But Very RepetitiveThe concept of this game is great. A stealth game that forces you to remove what you hide behind in order to proceed. That’s flat out amazing and I applaud the creators for such an innovative idea and presenting it in a good way with a very cool art style. The animation and graphics are spot on and really do give the game a great feel, it's very appealing to the eye and you could spend hours just admiring the visuals aloneBut something for me just didn't go down well, I found that the controls are a bit clunky, I feel like I’m waiting for the animation which slowed things down on my side, and the ""eat furniture"" ability was not precise enough. In the end this game is a more puzzle than stealth and for me that made it too repetitive. I like my challenges to be more diverse and have more than one end goal, or no end goal at all. Those being the major reasons games like Mount and Blade appeal to me. This game just feels too rigid for a stealth game and too touchy for a precise puzzle game.If I rated it as a full on stealth game I couldn't recommend it but I will rate it as puzzle game in which case it shows a lot of potential to be a lot of fun. I had my good share of fun playing it, maybe you'll have more. So while not a 100% must buy it is still something to consider if you're in the market for an interesting puzzler with a little bit of character and story."
,Recommended,257120,16369717,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,saltmummy626,Its a very simple stealth game in which you have to eat your hiding spots to advance and the level gets harder the more you eat. A very nice way to pass the time.
76561198043691447,Recommended,257120,18373439,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Induced_Current,Great Game
,Recommended,257120,20718279,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,magnothus,A nice minimalistic graphic... and a good gameplay for those Puzzle lover... But the lack of self defense makes it so hard!
76561198011632429,Recommended,257120,18486362,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Neongoon,Great little game :)
,Recommended,257120,18903261,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,legobane,"Very fun game. Linux support is rather hit and miss, I suspect this is due to them not using steams runtime."
76561198066230851,Recommended,257120,15704140,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,PleaseCheese,"This is my favorite game ever, and probably my favorite thing ever.It's hard to describe this game better than the trailer does, as it is indeed a game about eating furniture.Everything about this game is absolutely perfect, or better. I would buy this game 100 times if I had the cash.Buy it. Buy it for your friends. Buy it for your enemies. Buy it for your grandma. Buy it for your cat. Buy it for your tree.Everyone and everything deserves a copy of this game (Except♥♥♥♥♥♥Cheney)."
76561198100991648,Recommended,257120,10412116,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,alerlyking,MERP
,Recommended,257120,10415626,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Gamingscot,"So in this game, you play as a robot in an office building whose goal is to eat all the furniture.For those of you who enjoy stealth games, you could probably play this for a couple hours in one sitting. For those of you who only enjoy stealth games in a moderate dosage, you'll probably play this game for half an hour, then come back again for another half an hour. I can already tell that this is a great game, and it is so unique. Its uniqueness comes from the fact that the only things you can take cover behind are the things you need to eat in order to finish the level. There is so much to this game. There is a campaign, there are operations, and also challenges. And everything is randomly generated, so each new room you'll have to plan out how to beat it. It also has a great leveling system. This is a great indie game, and it will probably end up being in my top 5 favorite indie games I have in my library before too long."
76561198016431721,Recommended,257120,10176524,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Hammershaft,It's great.Do you like stealth games? Do you like when a game uses procedural generation so that you are forced to develop skills and make tough choices on the fly rather than just memorize a level?Then Not the Robots is worth a try. Stick with it through the first 20 minutes until you unlock some of the upgrades that make the game seriously interesting.
,Recommended,257120,16152933,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,💎👑 Kiwi Featherbut👑💎,Masterpiece !
,Recommended,257120,16080015,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,✪ Paradox,Furniture eating simulator 2013 10/10
76561198053976398,Recommended,257120,15118738,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,[ betadot ],What a dumb ♥♥♥♥ing game. Why can't I stop playing it?
,Recommended,257120,15065527,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Faeronheit,"This is a really fun game. I picked it up for a bargain and I'm actually really glad I did. The controls are smooth, the gameplay is only as fast as you make it, and there's a bit of a story to drive everything, if you're sick of just dodging sentries and eating furniture.There are some cons, such as the randomly moving sentries, waiting (waiting, and more waiting...!), and sometimes the randomly generated levels get repetitive. That can put some people off, so if you don't generally like those things, I would not recommend this game to you.The game's story has to be persued a little, if you want to get it, but otherwise, pretty much worth it. It makes things a lot more interesting. Then again, if you're not into that kind of thing, you don't have to do anything but dodge enemies, complete challenges, and move to the next building. I'm generally not a fan of rogues, or permadeath, but I like this game. It's pretty good, and I definitely recommend it.Plus, the music is really nice..."
,Recommended,257120,15297458,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,PrenPringle,Nummy furniture :D
,Recommended,257120,15978287,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Lucifargundam,great survival puzzle game!!
,Recommended,257120,12516767,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Straws,"It's not one of those sims to play to just pass time. In fact, you won't even notice time pass as you play it. The randomly generated levels, stealth elements, completionist elements, and ""die-once-start-over"" styles really makes this game great."
76561198122475905,Recommended,257120,12493644,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Ｓｎａｚｚｙ,if your into games like this you can have hours of fun i never herd of this game intill it was on sale but so far it works and looks great worth the money
76561198116473481,Recommended,257120,12494895,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,megastardaboss,"This is definitly worth the 99 cents while it's on sale, and I have so much fun raging at the the stupid sentries. I'd definitly recommend this game to anyone who likes to challenge themselves and enjoys puzzle-solving games."
,Recommended,257120,12495003,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Th3DuckOnQuack,"Contrary to popular belief, it actually is the robots."
76561198018589819,Recommended,257120,12501199,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Darkfinity,"Addictive small game that actually challenges you. It could do with more features, but I love the style of it."
76561198066714789,Recommended,257120,12534916,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Tobes,"this game is a fun time and can really be gotten into if you like level crawling games, and a a dollar you cant really beat it."
,Recommended,257120,12559446,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Cowboy-boy,"In the loading screen the say that this game is influenced by Desktop Dungeons and Spellunker. There is not a lot in common with those games except the fun i have playing it. Every levels are random generated, there is a load of chalenges and game modes. Really worth the price.you can ajust control on a gamepad, it work really well with the F710. ( a lot of game are supossed to support gamepad but don't work with mine. Maybe because i have a mac.)so if you like rogue-like and stealth game this is for you."
,Recommended,257120,12562512,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Uncanny Hero,I don't know what this game is but I kind of like it sometimes. 10/10
,Recommended,257120,12485149,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Glockamole,"This game is brilliant. I love the randomness of the levels. I love it's simple mechanic. I really like its look and style. For the $0.99 I paid for it, it's well worth it! Super glad to own this game."
,Recommended,257120,12485682,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,New2disK,"Reading the reviews on this game made me buy this game and when I played it oh boy its hard lol. The controls feels like you have that ball mouse so im really pressing the w.s.a.d  keys really hard to avoid detection and bashing the space bar key to eat, eat, eat. I love stealth games but this makes me laugh and erupt like a volcano.  It gets fun,fun and fun once you get a hang of it. Taking alot of risk that usually results in rewards unless it was just luck hehe. good game."
,Recommended,257120,12482693,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,brown pants,Pretty nice actually!!
,Recommended,257120,11268837,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Analogue Dreams,"Its a cool game, fustrating but not severe"
,Recommended,257120,11917540,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Boris Blue,really fun game but i made this review to say i saw that Holes reference
,Recommended,257120,13151076,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,estoirabilhas,"Excellent game, a real challenge. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,257120,14714413,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Madmoiselle Riley,"When i first picked this game up. I didnt think much of it... In my eyes it looked like a normal indie game... But boy i was wrong. There is a rich law behind this game, eat everything and you will find it."
,Recommended,257120,13988632,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,jared_kahler,This is a fun little game full of chaos. The permadeath makes the game interesting to see how far you can get. Here's a playlist of my videos of this game if you want to check it out.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjRobHQHkU-AzB2qXdUFWmxEeOO7h0Vn9
,Recommended,257120,14218358,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,THE KRAKEN,"Surprise! This review snuck up on you didn’t it? That’s because this review, like this game, was meant to be stealthy. I’m screwing with you. My bad. Let’s move on.I – Story [7/10]Not The Robots is a stealth, roguelike “Furniture Eating Simulator” from 2Darray. The story is simple, outlandish, and comical. You (the player) are a sentient robot that awakes inside a strange office building. On top of that, you’re hungry. You’re robot stomach is making the rumblies that only furniture can satisfy. (Yeah, that was a Llamas with Hats reference. Deal with it.) As you gorge your way through the various office buildings, consuming every desk and water cooler that you come across, you gradually uncover the story of why you’re here…eating all the furniture and dodging all those damned, pesky sentry robots. Audio files you devour piece it all together for you; a bit more each time you play. It was a novel method of storytelling and definitely not one I had encountered before. And you know what? I quite liked it, but it was a bit underwhelming. Especially considering the level of wanton mastication of office furniture.II – UI [10/10]The user interface is pretty basic. There’s no minimap (or even a regular map) and, to be frank, you don’t need one. You’ve got a small HUD that displays your health, inventory, and your objectives (both the level of food consumption needed to press forward on your gluttonous quest and the amount of access points left in a sequence). It’s all incredibly easy to navigate and to use.III – Gameplay [9/10]Honestly, I could sit here and try to explain to you how the game is played, but I feel that it’s pretty self explanatory. You eat furniture.That aspect of the gameplay is abnormally satisfying and addictive. You’re even supplied with power-ups and bonuses around the map to aid you. In a way, they’re a bit like condiments.The sentry robots though, as I mentioned above, can become supremely frustrating if you are not careful. This is especially true on higher difficulty settings. Sometimes they can make it nigh impossible to complete a level. Oh and if you die, it’s permadeath. You’re starting back at the beginning sucker.IV – Content [6/10]While the vast majority of the game’s content is unlocked simply by playing the game and earning experience, it didn’t feel like there was quite enough of it to unlock. There are a few different power-ups and then their upgraded forms. There are a seemingly unnecessary amount of difficulty levels. There are even quite a few enemies and traps that spring up to prevent you from accessing your hardwood and plastic buffet. But, in the end, I was left with a sense of wanting.However, much to the game’s credit, the levels are all randomly generated. No two of my playthroughs were ever the same and it made NTR that much more addictive.V – Visuals [5/10]In terms of graphics, I felt that Not The Robots was just a tad forgettable. The visuals are decent and, of course, this is not where the game gets it’s charm and replayability, but it did put a bit of a damper on the whole experience. I guess I just expected more.VI – Audio [10/10]What NTR lacked in the art department, it more than made up for with it’s soundtrack. The soundtrack itself is randomly generated. I kid you not. Each level has different music (however slightly different) that is pulled from a pool of 70 looping tracks and put together for your listening pleasure. Not The Robots has one of the best soundtracks I’ve heard in a long time and I don’t think I’ve even heard a quarter of it’s potential tracks.Also, it is worth noting that the voice actors for the audio files (for the most part) did great jobs. My hat is off to you.VII – Overall [7.8/10]Overall, Not The Robots is a solidly built game and is a lot of fun. You should buy it just to hear the soundtrack if nothing else."
,Recommended,257120,24998830,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,🇰𐐎🇮Ꮑ,"I don't usually write a review after so few hours in a game unless, A: the game is just that short or B: it's a bad game, but this is an exception. It took me one death to get the hang of this game. First off, the graphics are outstanding, especially at the performance, with the gameplay and default controls being fantastic. In the later levels, like building six, the drones, or flying skulls, or whatever you prefer to call them really got my heart pumping, with each shot being fired being a huge jumpscare even with the colorful atmosphere. The levels with only the lazer turrets feel like a fun puzzel with an enormous selection of ways to complete it, with only few ways allowing you to get full points. Along with the simple controls and easy-to-run graphics allows me to play this with a steam controller and media pc on my television.10/10"
,Recommended,257120,23381929,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DarkNetFan,This is great. It's very polished. Eating furniture is fun!
76561198311423862,Recommended,257120,30789642,Posted: 28 March,all,Tbones12342,Good game and really fun
76561198010139973,Recommended,257120,23319294,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Addaran,"Gave me a good 9 hours of play for less then 10$, Very original and fun, though there\'s a bit of a learning curve, especially if the game levels faster then you."
,Recommended,257120,22595361,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,i just kill,"Cute little stealth action with procedurally generated levels and a robot that eats furniture.Gameplay is fun, stays light and puzzley- not something that is going to make you rage.Worth checking out, a good play for sure, but you might want to catch it on sale/bundle."
76561198087209131,Recommended,257120,21488472,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Th3rd Luck,I wasn't sure about this one but the developer made a few other games I like which are free to play online so I gave it a shot.  I'm not disappointed.  Combining stealth with an all-you-can-eat office.  Really enjoyed this one
,Recommended,257120,21182033,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Tagger,"This game is absolutely fantastic! Please buy it!The music is atmospheric, the story is subtle but fascinating and the gameplay is engaging with a really good difficulty curve! Each gameplay session is (for me) quite short, allowing you to fit gameplay in around other tasks but with more time can be expanded to really absorb you!There is really not enough I can say to encourage this game enough! I am thoroughly enjoying it!"
76561198073295682,Recommended,257120,21090041,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Aislynn,"This was a cute game. Going into it I had no idea what it was about. I just saw it was on sale, and it had good reviews. I was not let down. It's definitly a game you can sink some time into. I'm not the best at puzzle games but this was definitly something I could sit down and try to get better at."
,Recommended,257120,21142896,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,OfficerHackney,Great time killer! I would suggest to get it on sale though because it does not have enough content to be paying $9.99. A lot more addicting then I thought that it would be! :D
,Recommended,257120,28089279,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Word To Your Mothership,This is the best furniture eating simulator i've ever seen.
76561198090807687,Recommended,257120,28398408,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,TBoNdBR,Reasonable game. Quite bit of a rage generator. But it`s ok for $1 - $5.5/10
76561198042494969,Recommended,257120,29045739,Posted: 5 January,all,ChrisKamori,"A clever stealth game that's punishingly difficult but extremely addictive. It gets ""harder"" the more you play. But really, you're missing out on a lot of the fun at lower levels. There's just something really satisfying about getting to say that you've played a stealth, furniture-eating simulator.And that's the charm of it. This game likes to push at your ability to stay hidden by constantly forcing to to manuever around while making yourself more and more exposed. And don't think you're a fighter. At best, you get a stun mine. If you're caught by a sentry turret, your only hope is to run, hide, and pray to your maker that it doesn't rip away the office plant you're crammed behind.Your robot you play as moves really smoothly. There's a lot of weight and control to it. So any deaths you have will be your fault; not the game's.The $10.00 price tag is a bit much if you're on a budget. But you can get it for a steal during sale times. I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,257120,29376028,Posted: 20 January,all,EmoTheKid,"More of a minigame. You basically are in a room, trying to absorb the furniture without being detected by drones and being hit by lasers. You have some abilitys and there´s much to unlock, much to play and it will get very hard pretty fast. So, even though it has quite some content, it´s hard and repetetiv..Only recommened at a little price and if you have NOTHING else to play.As, for me, I didn´t have too much fun, and even that was over pretty quickly."
,Recommended,257120,29913330,Posted: 13 February,all,Armedmaniac,This game is challenging and fun at the same time. I enjoyed it for a few bucks.
76561198069959842,Recommended,257120,32760221,Posted: 25 June,all,BlueAce417,"Have you ever wanted to play as a cannibalistic explanation-point-shaped robot? Well in ""Not the Robots"", you CAN!Enjoy as you will feast upon the scrap remains of desks, chairs, and oddly placed LCD monitors! But watch out, some drunk engineer has installed lasers for some reason! And patrolling sentry units with miniguns! You will have to rely on your wits and hunger to eat everything, everyone, and not-die in this rouge-like all-you-can-eat robot simulator!"
