user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198029751571,Not Recommended,257170,18882153,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Rexnos,"At first glance, it's a fun game. There's something rather addicting about slowly but steadily expanding a town and leveling survivors. However, eventually you realize that's all there is to it. The ""tech tree"" is just minor upgrades, reactivating power and water are just happiness bonuses, maxing characters in a stat just makes them slightly better, and fighting/diplomacy with other gangs is tedious at best.I got it on sale and I don't regret it, but $15 dollars feels a little steep. Campaign will keep you around 30 hours, but you'll probably be bored before then.There just isn't enough content to keep me coming back. Perhaps if each of the in-game factions was playable with different playstyles... but they aren't."
76561198088125243,Recommended,257170,12878960,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Humbledore,"So I've been a huge fan of the Rebuild series - 1 and 2 - since I stumbled upon it on Kongregate. I loved the all the little touches, the artwork, the little jokes here and there, the mechanics of the game - I loved it all, it just kept getting better and better. So when I finally got my hands on this I was so excited.I'm not disappointed, don't get me wrong, but some things don't feel quite right, it wasn't as simple mechanics anymore and there is a lot more faffing around to do.For example, the one that gets me the most is probably the characters backstories. I loved the idea of unique backstories to a character and getting a respective perk for backstory was great - but ultimately it became tedious to go through over and over again, searching for the people who needed an upgrade was a drag and I ended up either not doing it or not really immersing myself in the story.The interactions between characters are also... well, not that interesting. It's nice to see people get married and stuff but there seems to be very little indicators leading up to that event, some mini bonus events that help you watch the love between couples grow before marriage would be quite nice.On the other hand, interactions between people who hate each other are very frequent, and an absolute pain to sort out, because they tell you the names of the two people (and to be honest, with 40+ survivors, I don't learn names!) and nothing else - it doesn't show you where they are working on the map - I think a little icon saying 'there is conflict here' on the map would make everything a little easier to sort out. Maybe if you put people who like each other together you'll get bonuses on missions (less time to complete, more safety etc.) and it will show you on the map with a little smiley face or something - and vice versa for people who don't get on, so you can get a fair warning of when conflict will happen and manage your forces accordingly, it will pay to put those who like each other on the same team, or it will force you to spread your forces thinner so missions will get done.Another thing... I adore the different factions idea, but I don't think they should be able to expand that easily. See, the game is supposed to be about zombie invasion, but really after 15 minutes of nitty gritty survival, the factions take over and its 'plop a survivor into leadership school so I don't go to war' - the zombies become non existant and you just fight factions for territory, it feels like thats a greater part of the game than the actual zombies are.Also it seems like all the factions get along even though they are completely opposed, they only seem to have trouble with me - the technophobes and the technophiles get on fine, as do the rowdy rebel schoolboys and the oppressive government, but not my kinda neutral faction, I'm the only one who does wrong. Getting rival factions to hate each other and working that to your advantage or, it being your downfall as you have to take on two or more at once if they are allies, would add a new layer of depth to the game. You choices of friends and foes becomes more important.The factions you befriend don't really have any special perks too, besides getting a few free resources (which is useful I guess, when materials become hard to find and you have a steady supply) - it would be nice if when you befriended a faction, say the Government, it provides a strength boost, or with the Pharmacists, death rate falls and injuries are quicker to heal.I absolutely love this game, don't get me wrong, but I just feel like so much more could be done with it! You can never stop improving a game, no game is perfect, I think it's fun to watch the game grow and develop in complexity, and for all my grumbles I'll still keep up to date with the game, and I'll still keep playing. Just needs more layers for me to sink my teeth into!"
76561198093532672,Recommended,257170,16109475,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,tommygun999,"There's one review that states that «there isn't anything that really differentiates or improves this game from it's free flash predecessors» — obviously, it wasn't written when the game was still an Early Access title, so it is totally misleading.This game is really addictive, and it is much more complex than it's free flash predecessor. It has many advanced features.For instance, you can manage your city's policies when you build a city hall, and it even gives your government a proper name when you adopt these policies (mine was called «Capitalist Dictatorship» :) ). There are quests, many random events, lots of items to find, use and craft.It's like Civilization meets Sim City, State of Decay (not in aspect of graphics, of course) and even Project Zomboid (with just a small difference: there are NPCs in Rebuild 3 :) ).Great game with a good price (got it with -15% off, but wouldn't mind paying full price, it is worth it)."
76561198050657556,Recommended,257170,17335345,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Rob0_,"As someone who played the games on Newground years ago, this game fulfills all hopes I had for a sequel.The plot involves your character as the apocalypse begins. Within the first week of the apocalypse you have been bit and killed an innocent soldier. You sit around waiting to die from the bite, and never do. 2 Years later, you're still alive and meet a woman named Diane, who has plans to build a settlement to help keep people alive and bring them together.Along with all the things the original games had, Northway games added many things that I felt were needed in the originals. Character Creation, Opposing Factions, and much more. (couldnt remember any more, but knew there were more)Also, HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THE STORY MODE!Seriously, I love it.Along with the story mode, there is Free Play. With free play, you can choose anything you want for the game, and make it. So, with this advancement, you can make the most difficult apocalypse ever. So... Giant City with Insane Mode.Anyway, Just play the damn game. I'm serious. Play the damn game.9.75/10Love It."
76561198353710423,Recommended,257170,32142667,Posted: 2 June,all,happysmileyproductions,Playing the first two was my childhood and getting to play this one is a dream come true. I love the game and the grathics are cool. I'm not the best at writing reveiws but if you liked the original ones you'ld love this one. I must say that it's worth the price.
,Recommended,257170,10143329,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Nagito,"It is fantastic to see Rebuild return to my screen, now in the form of a full browser title as opposed to a flash game. I had always been a fan of the series and I was delighted to see its triumphant return.I had not been a backer for the game, having only discovered its existance about three days before it's official Steam debut. I was however immediately excited, so I eagerly awaited the game and had it purchased within an hour or so of its release. I spent a short time playing it, just to get the gist of how everything worked, what had been changed, what was the same and all that stuff.First thing I noticed which I was mildly disappointed about was the graphics. Whilst they are pleasant to look at, that proves to be its downfall in my eyes. The first and second games were ultimately horror games with a lot of grim aspects which the graphics complimented. The people shown always looked ragged and realistic, which I felt sucked me into the experience. While it's still too early to say if the game's dark tone has changed, it currently appears to have become slightly more cartoonish and less gritty. Now, this doesn't ruin the game in any way, but it does kind of disappoint me.The music also disappointed me slightly, being less dark in tone than the original. Of course this is personal preference and it in no way spoils the experience, but it does still warrant mentioning. It grows mildly repetitive, so it may be nice if future updates were to perhaps add multiple tracks or an extended version, just to keep up variety. As for general audio, there isn't any major emphasis which I understand and appreciate. The audio isn't where the heart of the game lies.The gameplay itself is interesting. I switched the game to turn-based because that's how I had become familiar with the series. It is nice to see a game which gives the option between real time and turn based. When I got into the game, I could see that many mechanics had been made far more complex. In the originals, you were to click on a building, select a task which you wished to perform on that building, you would select the number of people you wished to perform that task and as you added more, the estimated time to completion got smaller. Now we have a combination of a variant of that and a click-and-drag system, in which icons of the characters are clicked and dragged to areas on the map. While it does work quite effectively, there was occassionally mild confusion when I for example, sent several people out on a single mission and was unsure of how to select them individually again. I don't know if I missed something, disabled something or if the tutorial simply needs a little tweaking. For the most part, things can be sorted through trial and error.As can be seen immediately, many features of the game are still locked. Zombie attacks are only implimented in the sense that you are given an alert and then told that the feature has yet to be implimented. Character customisation is still extremely limited, which I hope will be changed with proceeding updates as it became slightly awkward as many characters looked nearly alike.Construction now requires materials, which is a new aspect to gameplay. Buildings can be demolished to scavenge for new materials which can then be used to create new buildings which are of more use. I suspect that there are more ways to gather materials, but unfortunately my play session was not very long.Overall, I consider this to be a very good addition to the series which is let down purely by the fact that it is beta, which can hardly be claimed as the fault of anyone. I shall reccomend it on the basis of future updates. Fans of the original should pick up this title immediately, whilst those unfamiliar should perhaps wait a while until the game has been updated a little more."
,Recommended,257170,13653429,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Greaterlegion,"This is my first review, so be gentle.Rebuild 3 is a very simple game with enduring playability.  It takes little time to work out the mechanics the rest is mastering them.  I have an insane amount of time into this game already, and still continue to play it over and over.It would be easy to see this as a quick sit down and play a game, but there isn't anything quick about trying to complete a full game.  You can easily find yourself spending an afternoon when you intended to only spend an hour.  You have little to regret.The game is a real-time strategy where you start with you and three other survivors and you try to expand your territory and deal with zombies.  You can play with factions and they offer some interesting methods to play through.Your goal is to ally yourself with the other factions or to eliminate them, or ally with one and eliminate the other.  This completes the current game, allows you to leave and start a new city.This is about making the best choices to make your survivors the most productive to advance your game.  Your survivors level and increase in skills, eventually getting storyline bonuses.  You can find stuff to help your skills and scavenge for materials to help build your city bigger and bigger.  Zombies have a few surprises and can be a bit to handle, but they are fairly predictable and slow giving you time to react.  Factions can either help you with trading or you can raid and war on them and  they are typically harder to deal with than zombies.The best part of the game is it's great artwork, and its homage's to other zombie horror both films and games.The worst parts can be some of the bugs but nothing making the game unplayable.  I've only ran into two cases where a game simply broke (would not finish properly) but as this game gets patched regularily they soon are no problem.  Of course this is still alpha/beta status so its silly not to expect bugs.  Still this is quite a polished effort and will provide hours of simple yet not boring gameplay.Post Release Update:This game certainly is much much more than the early beta, and with even more variation and story there is so much to accomplish.  I don't play as often because I lose entire days when I do and its hard to get them back."
76561198002450835,Recommended,257170,17125851,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Nutlaw,"The gameplay gets unfortunately repetitive and larger maps get a little annoying to finish off once you've clearly already won, but it's a cool concept whose execution has improved dramatically from its predecessors. The addition of the other factions really helps to spice up the gameplay, as do all of the weapons and items, character ability and relationship development, and skill development."
76561198048334573,Recommended,257170,32569296,Posted: 19 June,all,amcquade,"Great game a huge improvement from 1 and 2. A lot more depth and a lot more excitement and fun. The Chosen Ones are a lot less annoying too. I really like the pharmacists their leader reminds me of Chloe from life is strange.The Evil Cannibals achievement is broken though, and the game can get really repetitive after a while.I'd love a 'generation' segment where it's like Massive Chalice and members can get old and die of old age, and the leader can pass their leadership down to their kids, spouse or closest friend/strongest member. other factions could do the same.I'd also love a lot more customisation options because sometimes two of my surivors looked the same and I'd get mixed up, even though this is the most customiable game in the series,One of the things I don't like is how the true ending of story mode is basically impossible to do randomly (unlike rebuild 1 and 2), you have to google it because it's so specific.  And all the good endings feel extremely disappointing.People complain about the cartoony style but I'm not bothered too much, I would love to see a return of the old style, though in 4 if possible."
,Not Recommended,257170,16149331,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ex Nihilio,"While somewhat fun, the game rapidly grows repetitive.My main complaint would be the lack of felt progression. While new technologies are unlocked in every city you travel to, your group apparently forgets all of the technologies along the way. Basically every new city you travel to is a completely new game, save for a couple of survivors and their gear. This constant need to build from the ground up, rather than being able to start somewhere in the middle quickly grows wearying.The other complaint is the lack of differentiation. What I mean is (And has been mentioned by others) the buildings are rather boring. Apart from farms and apartments, you only need one of every other building. I get to the point where half my fortress is filled with parking lots and office towers, because until I need the space for something there's no point in coverting themConclusion: While an enjoyable game for a few hours, it rapidly grows old. It's not worth the $15 they're asking for it, but if you can get it for $5, go for it."
,Not Recommended,257170,16096892,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Solid,"It's an addicting game, but I can't recommend it. The game is near completion and there isn't anything that really differentiates or improves this game from it's free flash predecessors.If you want to play Rebuild, find it on Kongregate - they're more serious, less cartoony, more realistic, and free.*8/31/15 Update - Revisiting the game and doubling my game time*I put 20 hours in the game in the past two weeks, doubling my game time, as the game has been fully completed.The core of the gameplay is still the same, and if you liked the first two Rebuilds, you'll enjoy this one. That being said, the reason why Rebuild 3 is so addicting because it plays exactly the same as the first two Rebuilds. Building a strong community of survivors while reclaiming buildings for your base was the reason why the first two Rebuilds were addicting and it is the same for Rebuild 3. The new faction addition doesn't add much to the enjoyability of the game because it's repetitive and the novelty fades away faster than you'd like.This game introduces factions, which you have to befriend or destroy, and the premise is exciting. Learning how to befriend these factions for trading and security bonuses for your base is very satisfying. However, forging alliances is formulaic - as long as you have a high level leader, craftable trading goods, and agree to all the demands of the faction leaders - you'll have an alliance before long. There are meaningful interactions with the faction leaders which make the faction system unique and interesting, but there aren't nearly enough of these. Each map in story mode is the same as the one before it and there isn't much variation to the gameplay. The result is an alliance system doesn't really add much to the game and Rebuild 3 falls short as a paid sequel.In conclusion, Rebuild 3 is an addicting game that is a polished version of its predecessors. For what it is, Rebuild 3 is a fun game - a fantasy zombie survival. However I ask that you try the free prequels on Kongregate before you purchase, because the fun part of Rebuild 3 hasn't been changed since the first Rebuild. Had I known what I know now, I probably would've skipped this title."
,Not Recommended,257170,29072575,Posted: 6 January,all,TTvQuendal43,For its current price this game is totally not worth it.It is fun and has it's own moment's but its super repetetive and gets boring after couple of hours i would have recommended it if was 3dollars.Buy it on a sale if you can.
76561198028152491,Recommended,257170,10735641,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bismar7,"State of Decay and Civilization 5 had an indie baby.**Beta Review**This game is Rebuild and Rebuild 2 with more depth, strategy, and story.Pros:- Turn based or Real time- Smart writing with backstory on side characters- Strategic combat that requires good management of characters and resources- Faction based enemies, more than just zombies.- Quirky Art Style- Well polished Beta (I had no buggy problems)- Decent replayabilityCons:- No campaign as of yet, some other parts are still unfinished (beta)- Quirky Art Style (some people would dislike this)- No achievements, Steam achievements, or main menu Perks. (you don't retain anything game to game)- Some gameplay elements are generic"
76561198019724208,Recommended,257170,31912111,Posted: 22 May,all,Psyman2,"""Hey, I played that online and it was cool""Yes, damn yes it was.""Aww, he made me buy it""Try it. You can always refund, try it.""There's no way it's worth the cash""Oh lord it is.Let's be serious here, the story he wrote is a minor plus. He put a lot of energy and heart in it, but we played it for the game itself.So how does it hold up?Well, he did expand on it and definitely not in a 'gonna cram some stuff in' kinda way.Every addition feels like it adds to the core game, old game elements have been preserved, backgroundstories (as mentioned) have been expanded on and even though you do need some time to get into it the basics are as intuitive as you could hope for.I didn't expect much more than a few hours of fun with one of my favorite browser series.What I got was a real game.If this thing is on sale you have no excuse not to buy it. If it isn't and you're a fan, buy it. If you thought it was okay, buy it and remember the refund timer.Chances are, you'll get a positive surprise.Definitely recommend :)"
76561197971289138,Not Recommended,257170,22990108,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,spacerevolver,"Having been a fan of teh browser games, I was interested in seeing what a full-game in the series could offer. After spending plenty of time with the game, I came away with some very mixed feelings, because the core of what I enjoyed from the original games is still there, but I don't think it benefits from longer play-sessions or a sprawling campaign.Good:1. Storyline - I rather enjoyed the story that was threaded through the campaign, and there were a lot of great little touches of humor that went well with the game's cartoony style. I also enjoyed the attempt to make each character into a character (even if it was based on procedural elements).2. Gameplay - I rather liked the light-management aspects of the game, struggling to build up a self-sufficient colony while under assault from zombies.3. Art - I like the colorful and cartoony styleBad:1. Progression - The campaign doesn't feature a very engaging progression system. Yes, research upgrades are gated during the first few levels and you can bring a few survivors along with your main from town to town, but those reached a peak midway through the campaign. With each new level you're also forced to climb back up the tech tree (granted, subsequent levels would be much easier if this wasn't the case).2. Repetition - Most of the levels play out in similar ways and they all kind of blurred together. You have your initial struggle for survival, followed by slow growth until finally you're rolling out acros the whole map. Levels mostly vary by size rather than by the kind of challenges they present to the player. All of this makes the game feel a little bloaty and the campaign overlong."
,Recommended,257170,14360263,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Battlehammer,"it's nice game, there's no doubt about it. However it's still far from finish line.Always hundeds of bugs, very slow developing process makes me sad about. But I can say still it's nice game indeed after 100+hours invested"
,Not Recommended,257170,20835872,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,sakin,"Fun at first but it's getting so depressingly repetitive that you'll start to get disgusted by it, I can recommend you to play this game but don't buy this game, if you want to give it a chance, you can play the old ones free in web."
76561197998172729,Not Recommended,257170,26176465,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Ryvaken Tadrya,"""Wow I'm bored.""This is not a thought you should have while playing a game. I had it while playing Rebuild 3.The first two games were neat little timewasters. Rebuild 3 is more complicated and just a bit more engaging. That just a bit means you actually need to pay attention to the game, you can't easily multitask like you could with previous titles. And with that demand for attention you realize just how little you're actually doing. The game's pacing is slow, even glacial. You'll be in a secure position long before you get near a victory condition and everything after that is just a grind. Story mode doesn't add nearly enough variety to combat that grind; it'll just be more of the same."
,Not Recommended,257170,33638998,Posted: 18 July,all,Darkswirl,"Rebuild was a series that held a soft spot in my heart from the old days where Kongregate was still relevant, Flash was still popular, and games didn't shove microtransactions or day 1 DLC down your throat.Unfortunately, this game isn't like the old Rebuild games:Rebuild proves to play similarly to its predecessors but with the addition of a functioning story and much more to micromanage, from interacting with your survivors to keep them happy and develop their skills to forming alliances and going to war with other factions within cities (which I thought was really cool).  But that gets repetatively boring, especially four cities in on a full completionist route, not to mention playing the entire game that way.Perhaps the biggest let down, aside from the $15 price tag for the addition of a story, is that the story itself is incredibly difficult to guide down a route that you want; there are even several guides detailing the exact process, filled with precise timing and survivor management that will completely derail from the ending you wanted if you mess up just one little option.At the end of the day, it's a nice addition to the series, but not for $15, and certainly not with how ridiculously difficult it is to achieve other endings (it also doesn't seem to be supported anymore, either, although it's a wholly stable game; shame there aren't any mods that allow you to fully customize the appearance of your survivors with all the options in the game).Final verdict: don't buy unless it's on sale for $5."
76561198132531461,Not Recommended,257170,31112951,Posted: 13 April,all,SpaceWiener,"Ooh boy, this game isn't bad, but you can play Rebuild 1 & 2 for free on the internet. Sure, it's more immersive are more like actually building a settelment, but it's not worth £10.99, just wait for a sale"
,Not Recommended,257170,23787923,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,⎝Stevepunk⎠,"Fun at first but gets tedious rather quickly as you're just doing the same things over and over.The game is too easy (even on hard - it just takes longer), and there is not much strategy required.There is not enough info displayed on the main view (because it's a mobile port I guess).Sometimes it asks if you want to kick/kill/date a person but it just references them by their name - no picture etc and you can't leave the pop-up without making a decision.Also there are no info overlays which is criminal for a strategy game.With the scavenger selected you should be able to see all locations already scavenged for example, but you can't - you need to click each one to see if it's scavengable. And moving him to a different tile every turn gets tedious as well - this is why games like Civ have auto-explore.And each time he finishes scavenging a tile he runs away so you have no idea where he was then you need to click on all the tiles again to find out which ones have been scaveneged and which have not.A simple overlay when you select the scav, or different overlay options that you can toggle on and off or even little icon on each tile would fix this problem.Most of the other problems stem from this same lack of info and needing to perform multiple actions over and over just to complete simple tasks.It's a fun little game and worth getting on sale for $5 or less but lack of onscreen info and tedious gameplay will annoy more than anything.EDIT:I finally found the overlay options (they're not in the menu but actually an icon on the main game screen next to the settings icon - a grey diamond with an x on it). They improve the game a ton by showing whether a tile has been scouted, scavenged, and what the level of zombie danger is from 0 up.They make the game 100 times more playable so it seems bizarre that they're not mentioned on the tutorial or on by default.With these additions I'll go with a good neutral rating (which is still not a recommended rating unfortunately, but not a 'bad' rating as such).The game is still about moving characters to tiles.Move a character to a tile to scout.Move a character to a tile to scavenge.Move a character to a tile to kill zombies.Move a character to a tile to claim it.Move a character to a tile to build there.Move a character to a tile to research something (even when research finishes you need to drag the character off and on again to research something new as they automatically go into guard mode after researching 1 item).After moving a character to a tile for the 1000th time it gets a bit tedious.Especially since there's no strategy to take your mind off all the moving.The game is just a sequence of clicking until you reach the end without much thinking required. And while some may like this, I just don't find it enjoyable."
76561198014482724,Recommended,257170,15016836,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Rezzo Krauser,"I didn't know a lot about this game and honestly had low expectations when I bought it on a whim.But once the game actually started, that all started to change.I kept going and going trying to grow out my little town with more survivors, eventually building a community.I wanted to keep my own people save and help whoever I could.Some bikers showed up and demanded our stuff but we showed them not to mess with us...This game is addicting in the sense that it's hard to stop once you start.I definatly suggest giving it a try. I did and I'm glad I did"
76561198131701710,Not Recommended,257170,16181966,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Watch.of.Ages,"A decent 4x-esque zombie apocalyspe simulator, where you travel from city to city looking for the cure. Suffers from a some major flaws, though.+Captures the ""just one more turn feeling"" very well.+More backstory, items, and equipment than the first two games.+Amusing cartoony graphics.-+An attempt at a story, though rather half-heartedly.-Game lacks polish: spelling errors, incorrect character portraits, characters don't stay married from town to town, etc.-Hard to find a happy medium in difficulty. It's is either too hard early on or far too easy late game.-Characters must specialize. You can't just put people where they're best anymore.-Campaign mode is far too long. It takes 10-12 cities to tell a story that could be done in 5. And you won't even learn the story if you choose to fight the other factions, rather than ally with them.-The optional cities are sometimes not skippable due to glitches.-Goals never change. The only way to win is to either destroy everyone, ally with everyone, or fix the plane.-Surprise twist ending!!1! in the last level is so awful it made me quit playing."
,Not Recommended,257170,23189521,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Rocket Baby Dolls,"I want to recommend this, there's a lot to like about it but I just can'ttl;dr I liked the game at first, it's just that there's not a lot of depth too it and the mechanics at the start of the game don't show any real progression later on apart from ""throw more at you"" to make it more ""challenging.""I'll start with a few small gripes and move onto a personal account.Part of the mechanics are about building a relationship and back story with your fellow survivors. You can even get into a relationship and marry another member of your group. At the end of the scenario you escape to the next town with a handful of the group you were with before. The thing about this, the people you take are randomised after the first couple of towns. So you have a partner and you've grown some people into high stats with some good gear who will be very useful in the next town, especially early on. As you enter the new town you find out that you've left them all behind and brought with you three level one leaders instead.The research tree just becomes frustrating later on. Every time you enter a new town you seem to just forget everything you've learnt from the previous one, even if one of the scientists randomly starts with you. Personally, a research system that takes weeks instead of days but stays with you through the course of the scenarios would have sat a lot better with me. Even if it took months, if it was a life long lesson learnt it would be more of a slog but more satisfying.While each map is randomly generated, sadly the gameplay has little variation. The objectives to win are the same for each level, a couple of maps have an alternate way out. The first of the alternative way can turn out to be a bit of a♥♥♥♥♥♥move if you're not prepared for it, you can still progress through the normal manner but it's a bit of a zombie hell which makes the normal way a lot more difficult.Personal accountI'm around three quarters through the main campaign and the mechanics of throwing zombies en masse is becoming tiring. You have two main dangers from the undead, ""Massed zombies"" which are zombies at the border who have grown in number and are close to breaching the walls. Simple enough mechanic and easy to deal with at first. There's also ways to reduce this threat. Let's get too the late game scenario, with the handful of survivors you start with I had one pop up within minutes. Easily dealt with, immediately after that another popped straight up followed by a second one. Expansion was a little slow but any progression is good. While dealing with this the other main threat popped up.""Mobbed zombies"" which are a group of zombies placed randomly on the map who charge straight for your nearest fort space. Nothing will stop them as they will even barrel through other factions squares, doesn't matter if there's a faction squad on the square, they will just blink the square away into neutral ground and keep coming making it your threat to deal with. Early on these are pretty easy to deal with, let's get back to late game.Now at this point I'm not that far into the scenario, I only have half the squares I need to build a special building which permits interacting with other factions. I'm already dealing with a trio of constantly spawning massed zombies, now dealing with mobbed zombies. Progression slows as I'm trying to keep the ground I've covered. Ten seconds after the mobbed zombies have been dealt with another popped up. In the space of ten minutes progression is pretty much halted as I'm now dealing with five massed zombies and constant mobbed zombie attacks. Not to mention a faction is sending a raiding party to my fort every minute or so, oh wait, they just sabotaged my laboratory now I'm losing ground.ConclusionNow I didn't expect the late game stages to be a cake walk, I was just hoping it would be more of a challenge than just throwing ridiculous amounts at you. There are ways to reduce threats, but with not even a couple of dozen survivors having to stave off dangers from seven different sides all at once... I think I'm going to leave it here, this isn't a bad game. I just can't recommend it as being a good game either though."
76561198037418759,Recommended,257170,30591715,Posted: 18 March,all,elisasteer,"I spent more hours than I should've playing the flash games on kongregate and was very excited to see a full game come out of it, so first a few pros:-The style and attention to detail in the game is great, the level of small information nuggets makes the game feel very full-Addition of little events giving your characters unique modifiers is great, and the randomness of some of the events keeps it interesting-Pretty addictive, you get stuck in very quickly and end up getting gutted when your favorite dog dies-The addition of research adds another fun layer to the game with more stuff to aim forOk, a few cons:-Each level is very similar. Once you've played through a few levels you'll find yourself getting irritated having to start at the bottom of the research tree every time and basically just repeating what you did in the last area-Limited gameplay. Mostly this is due to the above reason, so you'll put a tonne of hours into it when you first start but you'll prob find yourself grinding to a halt after a while-The amounts of little bits of information almost feels like there were a few ideas the developer had that weren't followed through.Overall - a great game that would really benefit from some DLC expanding on what's already there. Feels like there's a lot of potential not fully exploited."
,Recommended,257170,20109349,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Smik,"Fantastic Little Strategy GameI have spent FAR too much playing this game already.  I played it back on the HTML version and it was addictive then, and moreso now.Don't let the mobile feel fool you -- Rebuild's been around for awhile.  A strategy game where you take the world back from the zombie apocalypse instead of just running away and hoping for a rescue.  Each version added more depth and this time is no different.Take heed -- Rebuild is TOUGH and you can easily screw yourself over if you get careless or overconfident.  The difficulty is not to be messed with, and even strong starts can take a sudden downward spiral.  Thankfully the easier difficulties are quite doable and will ease you into the basic mechanics.On the negative:Rebuild 3 suffers from a little too much RNG where it could have used a skill check, and a few irritating mechanics (Cultists always infect one random survior except the protag) and the inabilty to finish off any faction for good is less than satisfying.  Plus getting the ""Golden Ending"" is truly ridiculous."
,Recommended,257170,14522746,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,SirLagsalott,"TL;DR (seriously?): I don't know if I'm angry or happy it abandoned the gory art of Rebuild 2.I've been playing the Rebuild series for a few years after it came on Flash. This is the newest rendition, now paid-for and downloadable. The game is a complete rewrite of the original and it felt really unfamiliar for me, especially with the new real-time system.The titular new feature is ""gangs"", or factions, groups of other survivors. You conduct diplomacy with them through the familiar event-based system. There's a lot more to do in this game compared to its predecessors, but if you're not sure about the $15 price tag play the original two for free on a website!"
76561197961823310,Not Recommended,257170,18792585,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Casaubon,"I played the prequels too & there is parts about it that I really like, but if I compare it to other games out there I lost interest quicker with rebuild 3. If you like a more casual take on games, you probably like it better than me.Also I think it is too easy on challenging difficulty & becomes very repetitive after you played like 2 or 3 towns in the campaign. Arriving at the 5th town on challenging diff, I haven´t lost anyone of the ~150 people I was commanding until then in different towns and setups - this should speak for itself. Always the same procedure, secure food supply. Create surplus, buy anything you want from factions. No challenge & no suprises in that. If zombies ever get through a weak spot in your wall they just take away 1 field which is irrelevant because you own something like 30 anyway and retake it within 45 seconds. Always liked the start better than mid to late game like in most games where the survival challenge prevails...The towns and characters are RND generated but that doesnt help much as you quickly learn the components they consist of by heart.The story writing is pretty good & heavily inspired by the walking dead. The humor is the best thing about this game but you won´t read the same stories over and over again so you just click them away and the grinding (assigning tasks) remains. Actually the writing was the reason why I kept playing since I wanted to explore some quest lines and because I´m an hopeless addict to vid games in general.The weakest part IMO is, when you expanded a big fort in a city and are just waiting to finish quest lines parts with your leaders - being just a matter of time - and when you start hating the timer for not allowing you to talk to a faction again while there is nothing other left to do.."
,Recommended,257170,16149142,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"Just as addicting and fun as the previous app titles. This time around, you've got more features, more story and it's undoubtedly more difficult (sometimes annoyingly frustratingly so). If you play the campaign, you will follow the story of a man/woman thrown into a unwelcome Zombie Apocalypse world full of difficult choices, unexpected results and game mechanics that inspire that ""one more turn"" philosophy. There is a real-time component but I prefer the, move ahead one day of the classic games. This is one of the few iOS games I would actually recommend and find worth playing.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3IrABbVixU"
,Not Recommended,257170,31018746,Posted: 8 April,all,Kyneptic,"Loved Rebuild 1 and 2, always played them on my browser after school, or work. But the third one was completely ruined for me. Mainly the style. Also the fact that barely anything changed really."
,Recommended,257170,21447659,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Athravan,"Surprisingly Challenging StrategyRebuild 3is an addictive point and click strategy game that can be played in real time, turn based, or a combination of both, as you can control the speed and change to turn based by playing on pause. You are a survivor of the zombie apocalypse, rebuilding the city around you. This can be in standalone quick play, or in multiple cities as you progress through a storyline in campaign mode, attempting to find a cure and save the world (of course!) You do this by recruiting people and setting them on tasks. Each person has different skills and perks, and the tasks involve expanding your territory whilst ensuring that you are well defended, have food, building supplies and that your populace is happy (harder than it sounds especially with a larger group to manage). On Easy, there is very little you can do wrong, but you can set the difficulty level up and on hard, it's very difficult indeed. Every single move you make you'll need to look at all the angles. As your city expands, you have more people to manage, and more threats to come in, from zombie attacks, as well as multiple factions. You'll need to decide whether to go for diplomacy or fight; and you then need to manage your political manifest that will affect your populace city-wide.  There's also a skill tree that you research at, a workshop with some crafting items, and a variety of buildings you can choose to build with their own advantages.You'll get random events that pop up, ranging from the predictable to the very odd, with some tongue-in-cheek silly humour, quirkiness, and also some quite touching backstories to the characters. Your citizens will periodically want to chat to you about their past, which unlocks perks for them, as well as random events with them, where the decisions you make will have permanent affects. On the surface it seems like a fairly shallow amount of moves you can make each turn, but at higher difficulty levels, as your city progresses, the amount of strategy is actually quite complex. It's shockingly easy to make a mistake on the hardest difficulty setting that will send you into a spiral of doom and gloom. Citizens rioting, Z hordes amassing and factions baying for your blood. Send help, please!However; the one major downside it has is that it is reptitive. Playing through the campaign offers multiple cities, and gameplay in each city starts out the same, although there are different objectives. Because of this the first part of every city felt like I was simply doing stuff I'd done before to expand my base and set the city up. It only becomes more exciting once the random events start rolling in and since these are pooled from a set of scripted events you will eventually experience them all, and some of them seem to occur quite frequently. Once you've completed the campaign, you can always play it again on a harder difficulty, or play random maps through the quickplay function, but I can definitely see this getting a bit samey and monotonous.Value is obviously entirely subjective and if you're not sure if this game is worth whatever the current asking price is - simpler javascript versions of Rebuild 1 and Rebuild 2 are available onKongregate.com. Rebuild 3 has considerable more depth and a full length campaign, but if you just want to try the gameplay out and get a feel for the game, head over to Kongregate and try out the previous completely free iterations first so you can experience the style.A definite recommendation for me - an addictive game that offers a ton of strategy and challenge beneath the surface."
76561198050985593,Recommended,257170,28359048,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,antonius_iv,"It's rather good one,I played the old versions. I think the game is ok for an indie. The biggest problem I have is that once you manage to clear out a corner for yourself that doesnt have too big a border and enough food it gets too easy. Feels like a reverse difficulty curve. Managing survivors is a bit tedious in the end game.I think the game is solid enough for one campaign playthrough."
76561198038304470,Recommended,257170,28475223,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,BishopWalrus,"A very well laid out zombe-apocalypse city-rebuilding strategy game, coming from the humble beginnings of online game websites.A great many things to manage, which has it's ups and downs. At the start it's all well and fine, but as your population grows big, it becomes sort of menial and boring to manage every single citizen. But the many options in what to manage, from food production to research is a very big plus.A lot of varied events and paths to take which makes the game very interesting. Sometimes it's all about luck, sometimes things demand careful planing.The game becomes easy after a while so be sure to try on harder difficulties."
,Not Recommended,257170,16123548,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Doomeetrue,"At first I was really enjoying this game, even though there is no tutorial (at least I didn't see it).The first 2 levels of the story are OK, but then you understand that it is just repetitive gameplay over and over again... Conquered a city? Move on to the next one, start all over again, just a different city layout with other enemies.Tl;dr: the first 6 hours go by in a flash, after that it gets too boring."
,Recommended,257170,28966095,Posted: 2 January,all,Fragarach,"If you played the first and second flash versions and liked those, get it already.  Content ramped up to 11.5, multiple endings, fun stories from all the survivors, and the list goes on in the easter eggs."
,Recommended,257170,22466759,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,KoboldMKB,"-Start expanding base.-Random event: Go on a date.-Go on a date with survivor.-Random event: Get married.-Get married.-Nothing happens for a while.-Random event: Baby is born.-""Whoohoo! I'm a parent!""-Father gets killed on a mission.10/10 would be a single mother again.But in all seriousness, this game is a blast. If any of you know about the first two Rebuild games (which are free, go try them), and you enjoyed them you'll love this. The game has a cartoon-y style to it, so it isn't as creepy as Rebuild 2.There are so many random events in this game, it keeps the game from ever getting bland. And when you DO eventually get married, you'll find yourself becoming attached to your spouse, and you'll try to put your character and your husband/wife on missions together all the time. Even other survivors can get married, which you'll also try to keep on the same mission at all times.Basically, to win, you must:1.-Choose a building.-Recruit survivors if there are any.-Realize you have neither the housing or food supply for them.-Come back later.-Get your best builder to make a new farm and an apartment.-You can now recruit a survivor.-Kill Zombies in the building.-Expand your base by assimilating the building once it's clear.2.-Destroy or ally factions.3.-Expand enough, so you can move to the next city.4.-Back to step one."
76561198032047935,Recommended,257170,14286046,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Raging Nerd,been playing this series since i found it on Kongregate...dominated the first two on the hardest level and i can't wait to do the same with this one. So much fun!
76561198060195943,Recommended,257170,26885717,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[D]Mit.,"Excellent indie game. Vastly improved over the previous free flash versions. There's a campaign , much better interface and cartoony graphics that fit perfectly. Lots of decision making and outcomes for endless replayability. Great soundtrack and a bit of modability as well. Only complaint is that the game goes easier on the player compared to Rebuild 2. You character is almost impossble to die and even on the hardest difficulties you can win by using the most typical and logical strategies. Easy 8/10 from me."
,Recommended,257170,32872563,Posted: 27 June,all,-HoK- Dalix Khan,"Small good game, good story telling and very funny."
76561198054309757,Recommended,257170,30259670,Posted: 1 March,all,ian.silver67,"(With no great enthusiasm....)Yeah it's ok. Its an iPhone app on PC. Extremely casual super basic stategy game where you liberate and slightly redevelop a series of towns where the challenge of other factions and zombie hordes grows a little more difficult with each town.It's repetitive but somehow calmly addictive - well, a bit anyway. Minimal survivor community building aspects, graphics you either hate or tolerate, very few resources and items to craft, rudimentary character generation, sketchy storyline - you get the idea, it's not exactly state of the art in-depth open world RPG.....it's an app. Recommend it for a lazy saturday afternoon while you're waiting for your favourite game to be updated...if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,257170,28460371,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Strategy survival  game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere is a music slidebar available.There is a sound slidebar available.There are mods available.There is color blind mode.You are able to play the game fullscreen or windowed mode.There is no resolution size available however.There is a story mode available.About the game.I strongly recommend to play the first version and the second version of rebuild on newgrounds first before purchasing this one. They are both full versions on there aswell, but ofcourse there is still a difference in this game. Gameplay however is still the same. You have to secure area's, looting resources, recruiting new survivors, holding off zombies and eventually beat the game. Whenever you are in the game you have to rebuild and capture the zones. Turn for turn. You can scavenge, recruit people and even kill zombies. Before you are able to capture a zone, all zombies in that zone has to be killed before claiming it. Each character has a role. This role can be changed and leveled up too. The higher the level. The higher the effectiveness.There is some character customisation available.You can choose their own perk.Different perks available.Level up system.Interesting story.Small mini tutorial and hints.Able to speed up the time.Has random events.Has a happy meter.Pause and unpause button.There is a 5 difficulty levels settings available.Other things.Game is pretty fun and you really should give this a try on newgrounds aswell. Just to get the hang of it.-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,257170,14567213,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,WTWR Zydrate,"I've played and replayed Rebuild 2 a dozen times. So glad to have actually found this after a mere google search. It's certainly worth the initial 15$ (Hopefully the upgrade option will stick around) if you enjoy this sort of thing.I still don't really know what has me stick to this 'franchise' as much as it does. From the variancy to the charming characters, this is a welcome expansion on Rebuild 2's systems. While I still play on easy, I found it more difficult to manage happiness this time around. All the more irritating when everyone and their mother were pining over being welcome on the plane I just found but took forever to rebuild.I never took much stock in the endgame scoring systems. I noticed I took a massive point hit for 'taking so long'. But I enjoy this game because I am a careful player. I scout, I wipe out zombies, and I clear the map because I enjoy doing so. Yet I'm penalized for taking my time and making sure my defenses are secure and not getting ransacked by angry factions. Okay then, sure. I'm not looking to be on any scoreboards, just looking to have fun.Regardless, I do imagine this game being very specific to the player. Replayability with this series is at all time high with every save game being fully customizeable from the number of factions you have to deal with, to the size of the city.I recommend playing Rebuild 2 first (If you haven't) and after a couple (Or a few) hours, you find yourself desiring more... Then absolutely drop some dollars on this."
76561198081332111,Recommended,257170,13799848,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SoldierOhSoldier,"Last night an orphan child arrived at our camp. Our leader being wounded from last night's attack, with a pregnant woman and exactly 16 hours of supplies left, the four of us decided to turn him down.Buy this game now. Thank you Sarah and team!"
76561198088477302,Not Recommended,257170,29902073,Posted: 13 February,all,This be ken,"Quick enertaining, but not worth the price wait for it to go on sale"
,Recommended,257170,22700118,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Tag Wolf,"Usually play this for an hour before bed each night.Amazingly well done strategy game with a cool simplistic style. You build out a city and keep out the undead, trying to expand and deal with surrounding factions, food, resources, etc.The art style is really well done and it all fits together in a polished way.You should pick this up. You won't regret it. It's honestly my favorite casual strategy game."
,Recommended,257170,31130706,Posted: 14 April,all,Klarum,"A simple zombie post-apocaliptic management game that is surprisingly good.The gameplay is not complex but it is really good because everything works really well.Also the campaign has a really well done story that can be replayed for different outcomes. That, togheter with the sandbox mode, gives, what could be a short lived gam,e quite a lot of replayability. You will get at least a good 20 hours of fun out of this one, and more if you really like the setting and mechanics.Highly recommended for sim/management lovers."
76561198077987627,Recommended,257170,12931630,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Jonathan Taylor Thomas,"It would be dishonest of me to refuse to recomend this game just because I have some gripes about how it compares to the previous Rebuild game, because in all honesty, bias aside, this game is still pretty great aside from being unfinished.If you have not played Rebuild: 2, I suggest you do so. The flash version can be found all over the web for free and I believe the full version of Rebuild 2 is playable on steam through a package offer with the third one. If not, I apologize for constantly referencing this game.Usually, I would start my review with an explanation on what the game is. However I honestly want to get my issues with it off of my chest first.My main gripe about this game is how far it strays from the second version. On pen and paper, it seems like the second game with obvious improvements, however that is just not the case. The general art and atmosphere in the game is different. The pace of the game is different, for sure. The turn-based timing is gone and a continuous real-time thing is introduced. Sure, turn-based is an option that you can put it back to in the settings, but you can obviously tell how much the game doesn't encourage it as it messes with the values of things in the game in order to work. I personally would have rathered the developers that the ""3"" out of the title and just make it Rebuild: Gangs of Deadsville.My secondary gripe is simply the fact that there is a lot of cosmetic and flow issues that the game has. And not to mention, these flaws were in the previous game as well. For starters, there is almost no coordination with how characters are designed and how the city is laid out. You can have 5 farms side by side in the smack middle of the city and seemingly bipolar generation of basic infrastructure. And with characters, the character may sport a police uniform and vest, but his backstory will say how he was a hick pig farmer that despised the urban setting. Oh, and for frankly a lack of reason the game will set his job as ""engineer"". You can get all kinds of wacky combinations. With everything. Have you seen a city laid out with five police stations within the same small section of the city? Well, you are probably about to.My third gripe, is how the game does not seem to care about the second gripe. It just doesn't matter or affect the game at all that there is a lack of organization for anything. The backstories seem randomly assigned with little influence, and combined with the fact that the game makes you choose how their character's trait list develops AFTER you develop their skills and equipment is annoying. (Oh, you didn't have your backstory unlocked yet, so I decided that you will become a fighter, and have this assault rifle to take with. Oh wait, you want to become a pacifist who refuses to use weapons and would rather handle negotiations with other enclaves? Too late.)Honestly, this game is great and was hard to put down. But asthetically the game is a rough block of wood that is yet to be shaped and sanded. The fact that the majority of the characters wear some kind of biker leather is annoying as well, as the spikes that they have are just simply not smart and overly cartoonish.Other than all of those things, the game is simply a must have. Although if I was told to recomend a defense game with concentration on development as apposed to combat, I would still tell people to play Rebuild 2."
,Recommended,257170,28393018,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,generalzee,"WARNING: This game is like Heroin. You will blink and entire days of your life will pass you by, but yet you will want more. Your pets will miss you, your house plants will shrivel and die, and your friends will all forget about you, yet you will continue to move town to town introducing your unique brand of order to a cliched team of Zombie Apocalypse survivors.The game is very fun, and offers a few different strategic tacks (though most will probably trend towards militaristic ends). There's enough options and items to make a lot of different characters uniquely useful, which means you care about them (even if you start skipping through back stories). The time system proves to be both effective for the gameplay, and for making time fly by faster than ""Just One More Turn"" 4x games (which this is basically one of).I highly recommend the game for anyone who wants a fresh take on a somewhat simpler 4x citybuilding game."
,Recommended,257170,16159487,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,sea of bitterness,"If you're a fan of the first and second, the third is something you'll probably enjoy. If not, then I strongly recommend that you play them online (they're free! -- just search up ""rebuild"" and ""rebuild 2"" game on kongregate) and see if this is something you want to sink your teeth into.In all honesty, I didn't like it in my first impression. It was confusing and it was different (though still similar) to the style of the previous games, but then I quickly liked it after playing the game for half an hour and familiarized myself with what you're supposed to do. I like the cartoon-y style, the higher customzation, story, features and changes to the game.However, please keep note thatthis game is still in early access,there are bugs, the game isn't fully complete yet, so I advise you to buy this game only if you are certain, or if you enjoy strategic simulation games or have a fair understanding of the games past background.But, I do enjoy it, I can see myself playing it as much as I did in the other games. It takes a bit of getting used to, but it's a fun game with a high replaybility value which is something I really needed in my library."
76561198025643657,Recommended,257170,26381336,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ekholbrook,"I don't know why I like this game. I shouldn't. I'm not a fan of Zombie stuff, there's no animation in this game and the graphics are pretty awful. It's an incredibly simple game but yet...I find it's the first thing I want to do when I get home, boot it up and watch as my characters spread out and rebuild their little city.The little mini stories, the character development, the background story, all just makes for a strangely enjoyable game that has sucked up more of my time in the past few days than Civ6 has."
76561198007300752,Recommended,257170,21956705,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Blackadar,"Rebuild 3 is an entertaining game but ultimately shows its Flash/mobile heritage with a lack of depth. It gets a 7 out of 10 from me.The premise is simple - you're one of the survivors after the zombie apocalypse and you go from town to town, creating a safe zone in any given city. The game has some complexity to it - there are 5 different skills (combat, scouting, engineering, building and leadership) but NPCs can only have one of these. Their skill improves the more they use it. You, however, can use all the skills and you'll slowly build up where you want your character to focus.There's equipment, from simple guns to swords to hammers to walkie-talkies, and you can assign this equipment to your survivors to make them more effective. In any given city, you start off with a very small territory and you slowly claim other buildings and recruit survivors. You'll meet other factions - none of whom are all that interesting - and you'll constantly balance all the needs of your colony. When you need to pull back, where you should expand, how you should react to certain situations...it's all up to you, grand leader.And it's fun, frankly for longer than it probably should be. You'll probably have a good time expanding your base, launching attacks into zombie hordes, keeping your fingers crossed as they storm the barricades, etc. The sound and cartoony visuals work pretty well here and the whole package feels fairly complete. It's a good game design that will keep you enterained and that's why it's getting the thumbs up.However, this is a 7/10 game for a few reasons.(1) A couple of the early scenarios throw in a few curve balls. They're interesting and it really helps the game. Except less than halfway through the game has run out of tricks and every single scenario is pretty much the same thing. Thus the approach, the tactics and the game become exceptionally formulaic and you'll probably sleepwalk through pretty much the last half of the scenarios (until perhaps the last one, which has a new curveball). I had to stop playing multiple times due to falling asleep at the keyboard due to boredom because the game had nothing new to offer.(2) The story, sparse to begin with, is basically hidden. To succeed you'll have to look up the Wiki and follow the step-by-step instructions. The game itself does an exceptionally poor job - actually, it doesn't do the job at all - of leading you towards a victory. It's a really poor oversight and if you're not reading the Wiki the only way you'd stumble towards any kind of positive ending would be 100% due to blind luck. There were plot threads that never, ever happened during my time in the game and thus any chance of a positive ending was denied due to bugs, RNG or whatever was supposed to trigger an event and didn't. That's just exceptionally poor execution by the dev - don't hide your plot or the threads that lead to a good or bad ending and expect people will just do the play-by-play from a Wiki because you can't be bothered to code it.(3) It's not that challenging. I started the first map on Easy to get the hang of it. The next one was Normal. The next one was Hard (and the achievement never triggered). You get the point. And with the exception of one early scenario I was never put back on my heels or afraid for my colony. I used the same gang tactics over and over again. Have one builder. Make your own character a combination of a scout/leader/soldier. Build up an engineer. Make almost everyone else a defender. Wash, rinse and repeat. That's the game, folks.I played the game all the way through but frankly the last 1/3rd of it was me forcing myself to get to the last city (Vancouver). But given what I paid (on sale) and the time I got out of it, I figure it was money well spent."
76561198067846956,Recommended,257170,26131555,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,marknarris,"This is one of my favorite games. I love the storyline, the sort-of-level-up system, the weapons/equipment, the wide variety of options, and the vastly scaling difficulty. It continues to entertain me long after I finished the main quest. Admittedly it can get repetitive after a while, but I love repetitive gameplay, so it's right up my alley."
,Recommended,257170,33009585,Posted: 29 June,all,South_West_Trains,"When I was younger I would play on my Mum's work computer (flash games of course) while she was in meetings. When I saw that the makers of Rebuild and Rebuild 2, some of the best and most well made stratergy flash games, were making a more fleshed out game on the zombie survival genre in stratergy gaming. It has a fun cartoon-ish theme but is backed up with the brutal stories of a world overrun with zombies! Your character has to move from city to city, rebuilding them and creating a steady relationship with the surrounding factions, whilst also having to deal with relationships, rivalries, religion and politics."
76561198008632415,Not Recommended,257170,25626134,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Tomás,Having played the previous two titles (both of which are free flash games btw) I was very let down instantly by the slow pace of the game and ineffectual UI/Survior organisation. I would reccomend playing the previous titles instead. I'll come back to this game again and see if anything changes but honestly its not worth the money with two better versions for free.
76561198034403688,Recommended,257170,21039301,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,snigglyfoo,"You might be scared because this game is part of a series that you probably never heard of, and it looks and feels like a mobile game ported to pc. But that's not fair, because it's actually surprisingly a good pc game. The gamestyle is casual, but has just enough RPG elements to make it interesting while not overburdening with complexity.Rebuild3 is centered around managing a gang of survivors within a city. You control their equipment and assign them to missions. Each has five skills (combat, building, scavenging, leadership and engineering). Each member has an specific skill they are good at and can improve with the corresponding related mission. For example, you send fighters to attack zombies or builders to claim an empty buildings. Adding additional crew to a mission improves the rate of success. Over time, crew assigned to missions together may become friends or enemies (influencing happiness).Throughout the game, you are presented with decisions how to lead people (e.g. help strangers vs being cautious). Once you succeed in a city, you learn a little more of the story and move on to the next city, leaving behind most of your gang. There are different endings based on your decisions.Cons:There are too many cities and the campaign takes too long time to complete.Wish it had a higher difficulty setting (impossible is very possible).Overall, I would recommend Rebuild 3 if you want to play something slightly casual or if you like management sims. If you prefer action, this game is probably not for you."
,Recommended,257170,34899772,Posted: 12 September,all,alphyna,"Having playedRebuildon Newgrounds (or Kongregate?), I too picked this one up for nostalgic reasons.Rebuild 3is a sort of casual 4X with a bunch of interesting twists. For example, your units don't have move points—at all. You can at any moment move them to any available location, which definitely makes the game more dynamic and fun.However, most 4X games share a bunch of downsides, like boring late-game and plentiful micromanagement... and oh boy, does Rebuild 3 show its browser/mobile roots by embracing those. It has no general notification system, so you can easily miss that one of your survivors is idle. It also has no sense of late-game, no new challenges to add, and to destroy a faction, you need to grab each piece of their land, so you end up having to click them to death long after they have become helpless. Land-locking your opponents becomes trivial from City 2, since the only thing you need for them not to be annoyed is a lvl 8 Leader, who makes the whole mechanic pointless.The visual clutter doesn't help: for example, it's hard to tell at a glance how many livable buildings you have. The character variety is also annoyingly low—which is a functional downside, since faces are generally how you distinguish people on the map.Still, there definitely is charm to the game. It's mechanically robust, but still simple compared to other 4Xs; it also plays relatively fast. A bunch of its quirks are very cool (for example, you can take care of a child/teenager, who is an 'item' giving negative modifiers, but after a while, when they grow up, you get a citizen for free). And, seeing how you can transfer your top three units from city to city, you do kind of get attached to them.All in all, while I thinkRebuild 3is far from perfect, I would cautiously recommend it to fellow lovers of management sims, strategies, and 4Xs. Just wait for a sale, perhaps."
76561198070484707,Recommended,257170,12575583,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,4Bitten.Masterglitch,Farmer + Rocket Launcher = Instant SoldierScientist + Rocet Launcher = Instant SoldierPreacher + Rocket Launcher = Instant SoldierI Love Rebuild!
,Recommended,257170,10752268,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Poomerz,"Rebuild is back! I was playing Rebuild II again a couple days back when I realised Rebuild III was out. I bought it the very same day. I have to admit the game seems a tad harder than previous installments, love the added functionality though.I decided to start a new city, with a couple of my home boys. We were doing well, expanding to twice our size and the zombies came. We pushed them back easily, with the 2 new lads from the nearby apartment. I decided to send a group of these young punks to clear out the zombies and ya know gain some much needed experience in zombie killing. Well, one of them screwed up real bad and got lost in the mall, we never heard of him again. Then my 2IC went and got himself bitten, I thought, ""hey, he should be big enough to know what to do"", and left him be. He became a zombie the next day, injuring the builder midway through his rampage and we had to put him down. Then a couple days later, a young man came along, and asked to join us if we could feed him. I acceded to his request and decided to send him a couple blocks down to bring some more survivors in. He brought no one back, and managed to get killed in the process. I realise things were pretty dire, considering that we had 3 men guarding 8 blocks of our territory, We couldn't keep the zombies out, and now our territory looks like a jigsaw puzzle. Oh wait did I mention that the boys get hospitalised for depression? It's Day 102 in Farmsville, we are going to take our own lives. To anyone out there, zombies are just one of you many worries in a post-apocalyptic world."
76561197988281857,Recommended,257170,10847566,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,sillversparks,"Excellent sequel already very entertaining at this stage of the alpha. The core gameplay is still as addicting as ever, and has a very strategic board game feel. Each map is different, a new puzzle that you need to break down. Resource and personnel management is a satisfying push and pull. If the dev continues fleshing out all these interesting bits coming soon like factions and government, there's some real potential here for a great game.Check out my gameplay video here for a more in depth look:http://youtu.be/fp8iLCfj8T4"
,Recommended,257170,28954400,Posted: 2 January,all,Pika CHEW,"Well, I played Rebuild 1 & 2 a couple years back, loved them. Then i saw this on steam, and freaked out and immedietly bought the game and the dlc. I've missed this so much. Now for the review part;PROS-Amazing art-Hours of fun-Different stratigies-Characters are randomly generated (they're not the same)CONS-Gustav appears in each city, but doen't remeber the main character?? At least make different traders...-Some factions appear in diffrent cities, and also don't remeber you, which i find is kinda stupid, there should be at least be a bit of a boost or decrease in respect depending on your (the players) past decision of allying them or attacking them...Overall, this game is amazing and I love it, i recommend it to everyone that likes zombie survival and turn based games, like myself."
,Recommended,257170,12701732,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,icecreaminspace,"I loved the original rebuild (and to a similar extent, rebuild 2) and this game has the potential to beat both.  However it still suffers from being in early access.  There's a few bugs in there that can get annoying (reshuffling of perks by clicking one than going back) and there's still some features that were in the previous games that aren't there (carrying over your dream team, having more than one victory condition) that I hope will be eventually added, but until then it's still as enjoyable as the previous sequences.  For fans, get it now and watch it grow, for everyone else: wait"
76561198065308934,Not Recommended,257170,26447363,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Shadowpupper,"No doubt about it, the game is fun. Heck, it can even get a lil addicting. But after a short couple of hours, the game tends to go downhill with it's repetitive gameplay. The sum the game up: It gets very boring and dull after awhile."
,Recommended,257170,14958252,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Rob,"I've always been a big fan of the Rebuild series and as soon as I found out about this one I had to have it. It's a solid entry in the series, and though I haven't put a ton of time into it yet I've thoroughly enjoyed the time I've spent with it.The dev seems really in touch with the community, and the gameplay is easy to learn and a lot of fun.There are a lot of survival games on the market right now, but the management aspects of Rebuild set it apart from its competitors. You'll definitely get your money's worth if you decide to pick it up."
,Recommended,257170,13906945,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,LCDR. Harding,"Components+ The graphics of Rebuild 3 is amazing and I love how it is given a comical rather than realistic look, it is quite a change from its predecessors but it was a good move. There were a lot of additions in the new rebuild, the idea is old but what they have done with it is remarkable. They didn’t just make the game prettier, but more customizable and more of a story.+ The story of Rebuild is rather simple; zombie apocalypse, rebuild humanity, the end. But it is what you do to rebuild the city, your friends will die along the way, you will meet enemies or allies, an occasional visitor at your base, which might waste away your food, medicine or ammunition. They constantly give you circumstances which make you question yourself, ‘who should do the job?’ or ‘should you do it at all?’ Even the characters are given stories that you can choose which affect their specialties.+ There are a lot more things to do in the new rebuild, if you are near the coast, go fishing instead of farming, or if you have a plain, do some steady hunting. With more variety, you treat things differently.- The sound doesn’t need to be criticized, as this is a strategic game where music isn’t a big part; personally I play with the music off, as it is slightly distracting. But the sound effects sound great, the zombies sound proper but the game does lack sound, because the game is rather quiet and the music it provides feels out of place. I do not know how to recommend an improvement but maybe just add something to hear.+ Gameplay is quite smooth but you have to consider so many things the deeper you get through the game, because you have to face so many things and you have to choose the right people, or probably you have so many citizens but keep forgetting to use them. If you want a fast paced strategy game, this game isn’t for you, as it requires some thought. You can change the pace of the game, but when you set to the slowest speed for the game, the game feels so dull.OverallSince the game is in early access, and I am a fan of the Rebuild Series and have played it so many times on Kongregate, I think they are making well progress with the game and I expect great things to come with it, although I feel that there shouldn’t be a deluxe edition personally, because you don’t really receive much from it.And since it is still being improved, there are a few suggestions that I have been wanting for Rebuild since the second instalment, multiplayer mode. Much like Civilization, I want to see two random players go head-to-head as who can win and be the leader of the city, because a single gamemode can be rather dull. Also I think the title needs some work, “Gangs of Deadsville”…I think the developers can do better than that. I don’t know what else can be added but if they continuously add great content, I feel this game would be an amazing standalone game well worth the price. I strongly recommend following and possibly getting this game, even at early access if you love strategy games, zombies, and the rebuild series."
76561198015089986,Recommended,257170,23698267,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,IllCaesar,"A series that takes an inventive twist on the zombie apocalypse setting, Rebuild takes the ""man versus man versus nature"" struggle present in most games pertaining to zombies and reframes the gameplay from the more common action/shooter elements and turns it into a 4X game of conquest. The world of Rebuild is one in which the survivors are all fairly competent people. Nobody here is an idiot that is going to stand there and quiver in fear while the zombies take a bite out of their neck. The primary struggle is maintaining the flow of your resources and zombies are only really a threat when you spread your people thin. Fortunately the game manages to balance this well so that you're generally never too comfortable that you don't have to worry. Each map tends to follow the same flow of scrambling your survivors frantically so you can find food to eat that night to having a slight bit of breathing room so that you can begin to, as the title suggests, Rebuild and then challenge the AI factions present. Zombies ramp up their difficulty as time goes on as well. There are a few strategies that generally guarantee victory as long as you execute them well but I'll leave you to figure out what those are. It has clever nooks and crannies and like any other good 4X you've played it'll keep you up all night as you have multiple goals planned out at once, one of which can always be achieved in Just One More Turn. The ebb and flow guarantees that you've always got something to do.One of the primary strengths of the game that makes it special both as 4X strategy games as well as a zombie apocalypse title is the writing. Most 4X games don't have too much in the way of writing. Units tend to be completely disposable, your faction usually has no personality whatsoever except for what exists in your headcanon and the game itself tends to feel very sterile. While I wouldn't call Rebuild 3 the peak of 4X writing it still has gone further than I've seen most games do with the genre and I welcome the day that this sort of thing is standard fare. Every survivor has a backstory, personality traits and an appearance and appearance based on randomly generation of a pool of clothing, body types and faces that are mixed and matched and unlike something like XCOM you cannot remake them in your image nor can you just buy more of them. Survivors are hard to come across, hard to train and you tend to become attached to them, especially as character events occur, such as somebody having their crowbar stolen and going ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the rest of the fort until they find it. The loss of survivors, whether to zombies, enemy factions accident or because they lost hope and hit the road or took the easy way out is felt more than any cheap disposable unit in a 4X title like Civilization. While its somewhat more limited than it could've been there are a lot of fort policies that decide what kind of place it is to live. It could be a military dictatorship, socialist theocracy, a prosperous merchant republic among other configurations. While they all have their pros and cons in regards to pure gameplay and they're not perfectly balanced (some exist more as a handicap for unexperienced players than end-game strategy) they're all seen as viable within the writing. Furthermore the game has quite a personality that can be found in its writing. While it can get politicized it generally tries to present them with a sense of neutrality and recognize that even viewpoints you disagree with would have some legitimacy to them. On top of all of this all the game has a campaign that can be best described as a map rush, where you play map after map with some random generation and story events unfolding. The story writing isn't revolutionary but it ties everything together in a satisfying way and there's enough ways for things to play out that your choices feel meaningful. There's even some stuff you wouldn't find on a second or even third playthrough. You even get to roleplay your main survivor throughout the campaign, possibly even build a family and bring them along with you on the road to the next destination.The game's interface is clearly geared towards gameplay on a touch screen. There aren't any hotkeys or mappable commands, one of the most glaring issues with the game. Scrolling all the time with a mouse can be a real pain too. Its playable on PC but if you use an iOS platform routinely I recommend you check out one of those platforms instead. The game's controls and mechanics in general aren't too complicated but in a way thats a major benefit to it. This is the rare sort of strategy game where you don't have to constantly juggle dozens of things at once even on the hardest difficulty settings. You still have to think but you don't stress out over things, making this a rare strategy game where the player can sit back and relax while playing if they so choose. Playing on the PC doesn't have to take up your whole system either. The game has no voice acting and the sound effects are minimal. The soundtrack is decent enough and helps set the mood but its just not large enough to avoid repitition, even while on the same map. As a result this is a game that you can play while you listen to music or a podcast. The game's window can be changed in a great number of ways as well and the game will stretch to compensate so you can even watch a Youtube video while playing. The game's visuals, which is colourful, handdrawn art, doesn't get muddied or compressed when you stretch the window either so the game looks nice at any size.Rebuild 3 is not perfect. I've played enough that I know the game inside out and know a lot of its flaws. Most of them couldn't be fixed without massive, financially untenable changes. Unfortunately Northway Games is a small operation and the concept doesn't quite reach what it could if it had more at its fingertips. That said, its still a very enjoyable game that has carved out its own niche in both the 4X strategy genre and the zombie apocalypse aesthetic that serves it well and manages to keep a lot of the positives of both of those. It is as addictive as Civilization, arguably even moreso because it doesn't use ""turns"" in a traditional sense, its writing has moments of laughter as well as points that are poignant and the game brings something entirely fresh to the table in gaming. In a day with so many indie games that are love letters to something from the developer's youth and takes the basic blueprint and makes some tweaks this feels new and inspired, hopefully something that the industry takes notice of learns lessons from. The game is worth the $15, unquestionably, and if you're hesitant despite the reccomendation there's no shame in waiting for a Steam sale."
,Recommended,257170,15394908,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,ooga,"Great game that's been improving all thru Early Access. Developer squashes bugs very fast after each build. If you liked the flash games, you will like this even more."
76561198027917936,Not Recommended,257170,30997040,Posted: 7 April,all,Phunkyzilla,"Rebuild 3: Gangs of Deadsville went awry and while I've played the 1rst and 2nd which were free flash games multiple times just several playthrough of campaigns in this game made me dispise it. the art style is wierd, the factions system doesn't add anything to the game and the endings are literally acheived in just the same way as 1 and 2. it tries to change the game up by adding more but by doing so only manages to create shoes that it just can't possibly fill by showing the lack of depth in the new content"
,Recommended,257170,22234725,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DarkianMaker the Forklift,"I love the game and I love how it progressed from a simple flash game to a full fletched game on steam. Gameplay is overall pretty okay. I do have some points that they could've improved on to make the game even more fun and replayable.- Have the AI players work the same way with units, resources and reclaiming like the player.- Multiplayer implementation, I would love this game to death if I could play this with friends online."
,Recommended,257170,10935533,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nirrti,"I had never heard of Rebuild untill this game. Before I bought this I played the original flash version on a website, and that hooked me. So I got this game in early acess to support the development.This game is a lot of fun. Managing how many farms you control to keep food supply up, deciding which block to reclaim next. Do you get a new apartment or do you get a hospital?You start off with 4-5 survivors, usually 1 leader, 2 soldier, 1 builder, 1 scavenger. You also start off with 5 tiles that are yours. When you kill all the zombies in an adjacent tile you have the ability to reclaim that tile. This builds a wall around it and allows you to use that building. This is how you expand. You can also change any building into something else, such as converting a restaurant into a hospital.After a while hoards of zombies will start arriving and you will have to defend againt them. Did you recruit enough survivors to be able to defend and expand?I don't write reviews, but this one was good enough to deserve one.Side Note: At the time of writing, the main bug was a ""lack of memory"" pop up that forces you to restart the game. Usually just hitting ctrl+enter fixes it by shifting from windowed to full screen and vice versa. If that doesn't work a quick relaunch will start you off at the point where the game crashed."
76561198054903559,Recommended,257170,29342911,Posted: 18 January,all,bonaccorsi,"I am very impressed with this game. Don't let the cartoon graphics style fool you, this game is deep in content. I really enjoyed how it manages the characters - they really have personality. This is my favority strategy zombie game so far!"
,Recommended,257170,11008295,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,MelficeOne,"I have played the flash games and liked them a lot for a good variety of depth and complexity. Which is why I bought thisNow, the game is still in Early access, this still has some bumps, edges and corners, such as placeholder images for some resources in menus (still, they are kinda cute)and this is where I want to start, this game adds a new layer of depth - Resources. While in the flash games you only had to wach happiness and Food here youll have to watch Ammo , Medicine and fuel. Used in Defense events and for crafting useables. as well as Materials, which you need to build building, build add-ons and reclaim new areas.While base resources can be crafted with the right know-how, you'll still have to scarvenge for them.Next change - where in the old games Materials not scarvenged were lost after reclaiming you can safely scarvenge reclaimed areas.And the next big change, which adds a lot more planning to the game - There are other cites in the making. Fractions that will either be happy to see you and to trade with you or they could hate you with a burning intensity and want to see your society destroyed.There is still some work to do, but it is already playable, and WELL playable. A definite Simulation must-play"
,Recommended,257170,33713679,Posted: 21 July,all,SandySage,"If you were lately searching for something simple yet fun, Rebuild would probably be considered the best choice! The music is entertaining and the entire story is interesting, nothing more could be better!"
76561198054959782,Not Recommended,257170,16156798,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,sango213,"It's a pretty decent game. But it's primary drawback is that there's no level between ""face roll easy"" and ""why the hell can I not kill even a single zombie! come on!""But basically: It's a slight expansion upon the Rebuild series found on most online game websites. If you liked those, and wanted more (which is what I did), it will scratch that itch.Taken objectively, there's nothing particularly special about it. It does what it does decently well, but there's absolutely nothing that's impressive, even if you are just looking for another Rebuild title. You kill zombies. You slowly push out and expand your borders. Rinse repeat. Then you find factions. And kill them or act as their lacky, and win the game."
,Recommended,257170,14282072,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,bombguynigh,"VERY, VERY fun game reminds me of the civiliaztion series a must play if you love strategy or zombie survival. 10/10 IGN"
76561198009392368,Recommended,257170,16091506,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Larry the Science Guy,"I love this game. I played the first two rebuilds, and instanly fell in love. I bought this during early access, even though a couple bad reviews kinda worried me, but  every feature at the time was available. I see this trailer now, and it lists just about EVERYTHING you can do. There has been quite a bit of growth over the months, and plenty of bug fixes to keep most people from experiencing any."
,Recommended,257170,16088437,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,duwang man,"played for the first time a quick gameshortly after beginning, i met the church of the chosen onesall of my people convertedexcept me, sire memelordbut I was afraid my own people would hurt me if I would go against the cultso I pretended to be part of the movelater on, i converted the entire cityeveryone injected zombie blood into their veinsi was the last one lefti was the true lord of memevillethe next day i injected zombie blood into my veins"
76561198027331692,Recommended,257170,22469714,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Cade420,"I really enjoy playing this game!There is a very large amount of detail, also there are many different problems you face whilst playing."
,Recommended,257170,18832961,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,tieio,This is easily in the top 10 most addictive games I have ever played. I am a huge fan of the management type games and this one is certainly one of the best.
76561198150736609,Recommended,257170,14126551,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,TigerDaniel03,An amazing game. Much better that rebuild 1 and 2. Keep up the great work Sarah Northway.
,Not Recommended,257170,17802743,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,The Chemist,"This game offers very little over its (free) predecessors. It tries to wrap up it's gameplay with a story mode, but every level ends up being the same. There's very little depth to the game.Do yourself a favour and just go play Rebuild 2. You won't be missing much."
76561198020376361,Recommended,257170,20594356,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,JesseJamesZ9,"I played the first and second parts of this series on some flash game website and they were pretty good then.They took a good idea and really expanded on it to make a fun game with good mechanics.Really enjoyed plaing this game and getting a chance to spend some money on these developers, hope they keep making good stuff!"
76561197975480054,Recommended,257170,11743471,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,GhostMak3r,"not to bad, i like it.   its similiar to Zombie Dairies but with a better interface imo."
76561198163203020,Recommended,257170,29477982,Posted: 24 January,all,Stephen & Christy,"I previously played Rebuild 1 & 2 for free online and was disappointed when it was announcedRebuild 3: Gangs of Deadsvillewould be released for sale on Steam, but this game was so worth the purchase."
76561197986159316,Not Recommended,257170,31246229,Posted: 19 April,all,Kassec,Really fun for some time when learning. Nice humour. But after a (way too) short time it becomes so repetitive.
76561198077508050,Not Recommended,257170,31227921,Posted: 18 April,all,Crimson(Lucus),"I thought this game would be like the other flash versions of 1 and 2 or Rebuild, but the change in art style from gritty realism to cartoonish and in mechanics turns me off."
76561198063447507,Recommended,257170,10203484,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Sevvey6,"Ever since I fist played rebuild on Iphone, I couldn't wait for them to go further with the concept on a larger scale. It looks as if they've done it now with this game! I definitely reccomend this game, especially if you're one for turn based strategy, city building or zombie games in general. The art direction and character building is simple but still gives an amazing and unique feel to this game making it one of a kind. Although it's obvious that there are some incomplete features in this version at this time, there haven't been too many bugs that I've seen while I've played this game. After all of that, including the different factions and the way you can affect your enviorment around you based on the way you play, I definitely recomend you buy this game!"
76561198123580428,Recommended,257170,10387157,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,ThAlcoholicPanda,"Brilliant game, completed it once (Goverment and Capture the city) Needs a end game screen of info about it since its ultimately impossible to physically win ATM, but for the core gameplay, its brilliant and is worth the purchase"
76561198038125481,Recommended,257170,10278908,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,catachan24,I played both Rebuild 1 & 2 and am over the moon that there is a new one !!
76561198068465411,Recommended,257170,24116829,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Egotistical Raven,"The Rebuild series is a very good series. The first two games can be played for free, as they were browser games, but you can buy them on Steam in the deluxe edition of Rebuild 3. Rebuild 3 is a zombie game where you are the leader and you have to rebuild a city that has been overrun by zombies. The third Rebuild game is very different from the first two, a lot has improved in it. The game is generally good though for a few reasons: It's backstory/story, the characters, and the gameplay. Although it does have flaws.The game has a story that you were bitten by a zombie and are immune, you then go and try and rebuild a number of cities. Your aim is to discover the origins of the virus, cure it and rebuild civilization. There is quite a lot of reading involved in the game, but it sometimes repeats, so reading everything isn't essential, generally you don't need to read anything that doesn't relate to the storyline, unless you want more immersion. The story is not exceptionally unique (DISCLAIMER: I haven't gotten all endings), but it has it's moments and can be quite intense.Each NPC has a backstory, there are a limited number of backstories, so not every character has a unique one, which comprises of a few pages worth of writing. The backstories even include characters who are transgender, intersex, and gay. Your character doesn't have a backstory presented like this, so your character's backstory is unique. The game allows your character to date and marry what ever gender you want, and allows the NPCs to randomly marry other people as well.The gameplay in Rebuild 3 can be played in a few different ways. You can play turn based, or in real time, depending on how you want to, you can also pause at any time you want, so there is no stress to do everything quickly. And if the game is too slow, you can speed up the time. The game involves looking for more people in zombie ridden buildings, scavenging for food and materials in buildings, killing all the zombies in the buildings, and reclaiming the building. The game is played from a bird's eye view. You have to maintain the food you have and the happiness of the fort, which can be quite a challenge. The gameplay can be quite difficult, and takes a bit of time to be able to get to a good point where your fort is stable.Although this game is quite a lot of fun, it does have some problems. The game can go very slowly, and it can be quite repetitive, as you are doing very much the same thing, and it takes a long time to complete a city. The game also can be quite annoying, as there are always zombies trying to break into your fort, so you have to defend constantly, sometimes you will end up with all your people guarding, and nothing else is being done, just in Limbo, waiting for something to happen so you can take them off of guard duty. The deaths of people can be quite annoying as well, especially when your people become cultists, they start commiting suicide, so sometimes one of your favourite characters just dies and now you have to get over it. (MY ONLY BLOODY ZOMBIE CHARACTER DIED! GOD! I'LL NEVER GET HIM BACK!) It's more annoying than sad.Overall, the game is quite good, but you probably won't like it if you don't like the previous Rebuild games, so if you don't know whether or not you should get this game, play the previous games and decide if you like it (do note that there is a massive improvement from the 2nd to the 3rd game though). You don't need to play the previous games to understand the third one though, as each game has a different backstory, all unrelated."
76561198167643025,Recommended,257170,25674254,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Kan du svømme under vann?,I've played this game for a good 30 hour bomb and i enjoyd most of it. It gets a little boring towards the end but i highly recommend it. (especially if you like these indie simulating type of games)
,Recommended,257170,28576244,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Manimal,"This game is endlessly fun. Tons of depth, not too hard on Medium difficulty. I rate the return on investment, dollars spent vs hours of fun very high."
,Recommended,257170,32911522,Posted: 27 June,all,Jesus,Fun game of managing your resources and people
76561198037001575,Not Recommended,257170,17237262,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Gammar51,"The days where truly testing as the game threw more and more zombies at me, Day in and day out I would have to fend off attacks from all angles (not an overstatement). It was amazing I only lost 1 person so far. However as I peer out in the distance I see a battered city that was once my home or at least someone else’s turned into a breeding ground for these unrelenting demonic rotters. I realized that this fight was hopeless when I look at my little island comprised of a few unarmed but talented survivors that were able to keep the zombies at bay but could not expand the land. I would have to look them straight in their tear stranded faces and tell them that everything is ok, and our lord and savior debug will return. I shed a tear since the gods of this hellish world disabled debug mode. Debug mode was responsible for the paradises I would create in my past lives, stringy looking women turned into busty Amazon zombie killing machines, scientific wonders that the world has ever seen, dogs that would appear out of thin air to give us supplies and a few joyful licks. Debug was a great companion that reminded me this world had hope for our future and that future was busty Amazon women with katanas. Now debug has left us, I have nothing more to do then pray in one of the many abandoned churches and pray to debug for his return. This is my final message as we speak zombies are surrounding me at all angles ready to fulfill their final retribution on the living. PLEASE DEBUG COME BACK Ill ADMIT MY SINS TO YOU AND HELP ANYONE WHO COMES TO ME IF YOU WOULD JUST COME BACK!"
76561198049736719,Recommended,257170,12483439,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,horrid,I loved rebuild 2 and this game just improves so much on it. Theres more options and story branches more moral choises and theirs now many different faction you can ally or become enemies with. The game already is fun to play even in early access and theirs also and real time mode where time moves by itself but theirs also the turn based gameplay of old rebuild games.
76561198131010417,Recommended,257170,12163716,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Silph,"With the new updates of the early access I must say I'm greatly impressed with the art work and new style for both genders.There's so many new events that can take place in the game, It's really exciting!I've played the first game and second countless times and enjoyed it through and through, I'm really excited for some of the upcoming features and how the game will progressivly get more challenging as it goes on.Although it's really fantastic and I want to be on the hype wagon all the way, I'm kind of cross with a few things.  And they may just be my opinion considering it's still in an early stage..I'll just keep my mouth shut, we all know opinions can be extremely dangerous on the internet ^-^Overall I highly recommend this game for people who love to rack their brains out hours on end coming up with strategies and keeping their survivors safe as can be!"
76561198111658620,Recommended,257170,11987768,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,doodles8301,I loved the first and the second Rebuild games! She kept the best parts of the ealier games and builds on them. There is an option to play turn based or RTS and the personal stories of the survivors are a great addition as well as different factions. I know the final release of this is gonna be great!
,Recommended,257170,19891908,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sly,"Like others, I first played Rebuild and Rebuild 2. I completely missed the memo that there was a 3 on Steam until the Winter sell happened. Oh boy did I get my immediate moneys worth.I'll start with the things I am not impressed with. The music. It's just not that fantastic in my opinion. I muted it and played my own music, which might have helped to increase the overall experience for me. I played this game in two four hour sittings already and I can say my own music helped immerse me far more than the games soundtrack.Now for the good.If you ever played Rebuild 1 or 2, you can say good bye to the 'normal' flash graphics and welcome the same style, but more refined. The controls are super simple, and the ease of use between the GUI and the map is fantastic. I can quickly and simply execute any command I want without to much hassle. The only hiccup would be with quickly checking my survivors happiness. This minor annoyance is saved due to the fact all the menus open and close instantly, so I don't feel like I am bogged down waiting for things to load or transition.The gameplay for the uninvolved is easy. You have 5 trades. Builder, Scavanger, Guard, Engineer and Leader. They all can do each others jobs, but whatever role they specialize in will yield faster and better results. You want your builders to improve buildings, reclaim territory, hunt or chop wood. You want Scavengers to scout, collect goods and farm. Guards to protect your settlement from hoards or mobs, or to clear zombie nests faster. Engineers to do your research or fix key buildings on the map. Leaders for trade, recruitment and negotiations.You start with 5 'squares'. Your goal is to reclaim more squares to build up your settlement. You'll find survivors, supplies, zombies, and other factions along the way. Each square has a property to it that helps you in some way, or at least has some flavor to (like a movie theater. It serves no purpose, but you can rebuild it to be a farm or church). The balancing act is deciding what to reclaim first. What to rebuild. Who to assign to what. What items during your hunts do you equip to who?One of the main driving factors of the game (besides the zombies) is the random events. You'll get prompts. Ranging from 2 or more options. Depending on the action, or skill of your character affected. You may get only 1 due to unfortunate events, or 5 with a great chance of rewards. Do you give food to that random stranger who showed up at your gates and let them stay the night? Will the rob you? Give you a chainsaw? Join your struggling community? Let the zed in?The game can be as fast or as slow as you want it. The default speed makes the time bo by 15 minutes. I play an hour a second for my speed and I enjoy how fast paced the game can be when your settlment grows large. Of course you can pause at any time during your micromanagment. You can play at any pace you desire and should find enjoyment all the same.If I were to really get you to take a chance with this game, then I feel you would havve made the right choice. Even if you waste 3 hours of fun with it before you give it up, I believe your money would be well spent. The personal stories of your survivors (new to the series) helps give it more life. The story mode is fun, if not rather normal for this genre. Customization is not stellar, but satisfying.Here. Consider this your free demo for the game. Rebuild 2. If you enjoy it, just imagine it with more options and fluditiy!http://www.kongregate.com/games/sarahnorthway/rebuild-2"
,Recommended,257170,19986505,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,igoylytes,"Been playing this game for a while, really enjoyed it but this game sure need some improvement imo:- no story mission, every city you only have one mission which is ally or eliminate other faction. Other than that there is no other campaign mission. Though there's some kind of other side quest (electricity, water, etc), overall there's only one mission and it gets boring after couple of city;- factions won't carry relationship status, let's say I eliminate certain faction during the campaign, then when I reach a new city and that faction is already in the city, the should carry that relationship status over to the new city."
,Recommended,257170,32945850,Posted: 28 June,all,Baby Dropping Nomad,"What appealed to me was the nostalgia of playing the previous two games and considering them among my favorites.After having played the game, I find the text to be very witty and well written in addition to a somewhat novel narrative.Three things I believe to be downsides are how repetitive the events are after playing the game for about ten hours, the fact the game doesn't pause automatically when missions are completed and it's up to you to dilligently press the space bar to immediately put survivors bak to work, and that the autosave system is weird in how it has saves for day 1 in a previous city but day 520 in the current city when I want to restart after experiencing ""impossible"" difficulty."
,Recommended,257170,11380204,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Sang,Love the rebuild series and this game but i don't think it was worth the 14.99. 9.99 would of been a better price
76561197967538365,Recommended,257170,12278324,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Bacon Bits,"This is a review of the early release.  Still lots of placeholders and a few interface bugs, but a definite improvement on the Rebuild model.  My only complaints so far is that ine of the songs that plays (What's The Film In My Head) is very droning while playing the game, and the Happiness system is kind of a mystery."
76561198053481699,Recommended,257170,13744415,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,deathdarkman,"I loved the first and second Rebuild and this one is no different. It has strategy with you also managing human lives. You become attached to the characters and this one makes it even better with personality traits, backstories, and personal pop ups for the characters. The only thing that I think isn't as good is the graphics. I loved the grittiness of the 2nd one and in this the graphics are pretty cartoony. It is the direction that the developer wanted to go in but I loved the look of Rebuild 2 and the great creepy sound track."
,Recommended,257170,12296614,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Daisy,RTS Zombie city-management game. What's not to love?
,Not Recommended,257170,18645696,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Coth,"The game is only mediocre, after playing it for about 4 hours I feel like I did all I could do, build all there is to build and researched all there is to research. Now the game leaves me with endless micro managing every single NPC while spamming me with more and more zombies. Those are sadly 0 challenge at that stage, just gotta do it. And yes, that is it, the character development of each individual NPC is just tedious, the diplomacy not challenging at all and thanks to an abundance of resources I can also have everything I want.Got it for 8 EUR, for that price it wasn't a total loss, killed some hours and since voting ""meh"" isnt an option I can only NOT recommend this game."
76561197980904223,Not Recommended,257170,19074382,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Toxic Immobilizer,"I played the originals and this third installment is really pretty much the same. Little has been added. Now I loved the first two but they were free, seeing as how you have to pay for this one I would expect the game to be built upon further. I like this game but this is really a $3-$4 game at most, and not worth the $10 or so that I purchased it for. Unless this has a major discount, skip this one- there are plenty of really good games you can get on steam for that price tag."
76561198042200256,Recommended,257170,12223729,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Solaire Of Astora,Do you like micro managment? How about interesting or wierd stories for characters? WELL THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU! Yes it isn't completely finished but for what it is now there is a lot to look forward to.
76561198073587966,Recommended,257170,10239306,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,samkk360,quite fun
76561198068281061,Recommended,257170,11533472,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,pancho5pantera,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW: Decent game up too now. A bit easy and somewhat straight forward.• I would like too see more random events.• Factions are almost non existent, only serving to take up space and rarely going too war.• Alliances are one sided, easy to create, and up to my knowledge unbreakable unless you decide to attack them.• Leaders class is almost useless and correct me if im wrong, they grant no happiness bonus to bars or churches.• Class upgrades are buggy making it easy too sort through upgrades and picking the best ones.• Not enough specific diversity for classes. (each class only has one job and most classes are useless after a while)• Only one way to win the game.I look forward to the end product even though im sure the lack of class diveristy wont be fixed."
76561198136639606,Recommended,257170,12955123,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,LeeZZ,Nice Game so far cant wait for more updates!
,Recommended,257170,13047715,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,MonkeyFunker,This is a great game with lots of replay value.  It is a relaxing way to waste some time while having a good time and the best part is that it will only get better with more updates!
76561197969628949,Recommended,257170,13286027,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,ImAGodDmnDragn,"A fun little strategy/simulation zombie survival game that has just enough flavor to hold your interest.Pros- Lost of fun events to keep the story colorful while you're trying to rebuild civilization- Randomly generated maps mean you'll never play the same game twice- Lots of cool survivor skill combination that can appear in your city- Tons of fun weapons and items that can be scavenged or traded for to equip your survivors with- Four characters can travel from city to city keeping your most powerful survivors alive- Random survivors can get married, have kids, and participate in tons of random events that can lead to profit or disaster- The skill system along with the background benefits can lead to strange min-maxed charactersCons- There aren't a lot of strong gameplay factors in this game, it's more about simulating the experience- Movement is instant, so there's not much strategy in positioning survivors who aren't actually engaged in attack or defense (at least when it comes to combat)- Fighting other human factions is dull at best and flat out boring at worst.  The human enemies aren't much different from the zombies, and fighting them seems easy but pointless (It's much easier to befriend them than to slowly but surely take all their land)- The game is won or lost in the first few weeks.  Once you have enough survivors and secured land, it's fairly impossible to lose as long as you keep defending, researching, trading, and upgrading  (All things that are very easy to do, regardless of difficulty)- The other factions are fairly uninspired, they don't do much other than trade with you and slowly expand- Interesting ideas and good simulation elements, but the overall gameplay is sometimes uninspired and even boring.Overall:I have a lot of complaints about this game, mostly because I see a lot of potential untapped in this formula.  I would recommend the game to anyone who likes simulation type games and RPG/Strategy elements.  If simulation-type games bore you and you're more into action, this may not be the game for you.Update:  So I played again after the release, and I am impressed with the final product.  Fighting human factions has increased in difficulty and does have a bit of a unique feel to it.  There's also been a lot of cool artwork added and many more options for character customization.  The game is still won or lost in the first few weeks and the instant-movement still leads to a bit of uninspiring gameplay.  Still, the final product is good and those who are fans of zombie/simulation games will have fun with this one.  Just be warned, the actual gameplay leaves a bit to be desired, but the simulation aspects are very well done."
,Recommended,257170,10278996,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Steve Knows Best,Really fun and interesting strategy zombie game
76561198049518973,Recommended,257170,10324405,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Mr Scratch,I really loved 1 and 2 when i found this bought and played it and when i started i didn't like it but i played for 10 more mins and loved it hopefully new updates soon
,Recommended,257170,10484006,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,(CBK)KoЯn_Flakes,this game is great if you really wanna put you're survival skills to the test n.n
76561198136741961,Recommended,257170,11580698,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,The Cheese Sandwich,This game is really good. I can't wait for it to be finished. Its an awesome zombie-themed stragey game
76561197989146772,Recommended,257170,13612860,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Troublemaker22,Awesome game. Still being worked on but It's one of my favorites this year can't wait for it to be done. :-)
76561198028825152,Recommended,257170,12269426,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,wolfonealpha,I a good game still early in devi hope they add more
76561198134006400,Recommended,257170,13550615,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Aztara,"I can't seem to gather wood at all. Not even fast enough, but I can't seem to gather wood from parks at all even when I have my whole survivor squad out doing it so and on the fastest speed.In order to keep up with all of the tasks and issues that come out (even when starting out in the game) and on the most easiest difficulty, it seems like gathering wood that you need to build new areas  to protect new parts of the city you claim, to add defenses to your existing plots, to build new places to replace damaged structures, seems to take forever or near impossible?I don't understand if all of these events are going on throughout the game, it's so insanely difficult to gather the main resource you need in order to counter all of of these events?"
76561198011009456,Recommended,257170,10526113,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Eggdrasil,It is very fun
76561198148194106,Recommended,257170,11611051,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,cooljack2225,"this is an amzing game i like to play it at nigh,the only downfault is it takes a long time to load but rather than loading promblems the game is amazing"
76561198003813428,Recommended,257170,12762052,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,proto21,"Like most of Romero's work or Shaun of the dead, the best zombi flicks have something to say about people and society. While some games try to forcefeed u the rotten bananas of their misanthropic and self absorbed obsessions with human cruelty and inherent violence(and I would include here the Walking Dead series, though it lacks a force feeding mechanic from what i know), Rebuild takes a more honest and optimystic aproach, thus making for a genuinly involved and immersive experience. U can actually care about the characters in a game when their not all necessarely, u know, psychopatic maniacs that respond to crises by stabbing, betraying and generally trying to make the same boring point of the dev that humanity is crap.  This is definitely the best game in the series, it already has the most content and I would have bought it as a final release in its current state - without the place holder arts it is already more playable than many other finished releases ; the text is nice and sometimes actually funny without seeming like its trying too hard; there s lods to do and the pace is beautifull;  u can literally learn to play it in 2 min but winning is quite tricky, all from a trust worthy dev and more is coming ?! c'mon..10/10  would adopt bunnies again"
76561198080735307,Recommended,257170,11517893,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,PsyChucky,If you liked Rebuild before you gonna love this one.
,Recommended,257170,13164794,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,karpimpski,"I loved the series since Sarah Northway released Rebuld 1 and this is by far the best in the series. The factions idea is terriffic, though it has some bad things in it. For example, if the player's strength is much stronger than the AI, they should accept an alliance without requesting materials. However, no matter what, you must give materials for an alliance. There are also minor bugs, like the occasional never-ending scrolling and as far as major bugs I haven't found too many. But the goods definitely outweigh the bads, and if you like the Rebuild series you'll love this one!"
76561197972879118,Recommended,257170,13601528,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Antihero707,Excellent little game. Bugs seem to be mostly ironed out. Content and improvements keep coming. Only thing I'd like more is a touch more depth across the board.
76561198026418028,Recommended,257170,10484694,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Salty Bread Fairy,great game for how early in development it is andthe sense of humor is fantastic it's good for playing for when you have little time or tons
76561198011730928,Recommended,257170,13258595,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,ShaneOfIreland,"measles take out my entire force of fighters,a raccoon instantly kills my best one with some odd instant diesease,everyone can't live for even a day without food alot of the times,Never trust the Chosen Ones,The Goverment,The Judgement Gang and the Luddies,My highly skilled survivors can take on entire hordes but suddenly a dog bites them and takes em out,A survivor goes crazy cause he thinks he saw his own dog and pulled out a gun(oddly enough i diden't had any guns for anyone or in storage),Factions can attack your walls and take them down but for some reason you can't,mass zombies pop up like freaking rabbits,you can eat rabbits,everyone is sad over electricty and clean water even though i got them both,Hordes can come from out of the horizan and sometimes litterly made odd dashs and skip by three buildings towards my walls etcI take my frustrations on this game"
,Recommended,257170,15574532,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Interloper,"I assumed this would be a step down from the previous two rebuilds in an effort to be more kid friendly, but boy was I wrong. This game impliments new strategic factors in creative ways, as well as a morality vs. efficiency dilemma in many of your choices. I'd recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,257170,16145771,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,AwesomeAlan,"I've played this for a little while now, along with the other 2 that were online. I can say with strong confidence that this was money well spent. This has more of a story than the other two had, and a lot more choices that make you think ""Hmm.. What are the actual consequences of my actions?"" It has a silly style that really works well with the gruesome themes that you see throughout the 3 games.Even though I think there should be more choices/policies, and actual devestating/drastic alterations that should come from these choices, it is a pretty decent game overall, and I have tons of fun playing it.-IF YOU HAVE PLAYED THE OTHER TWO AND AREN'T SURE IT WILL BE THE SAME GAME YOU FELL IN LOVE WITH-It is, it really does stick to the same concepts that the other games had, but with even more features. Tons of things are different, but it all has the same basic mechanics that need your attention constantly. They also have a better save system and menu, which would be obvious since this is a steam game and not a typical online game."
76561197970867610,Recommended,257170,16190473,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Newb6,"Adopted young girl that managed to survive the Zombie Apocalypse. Kept her safe, clothed and fed until she was an adult at age 14. I was so proud when she became a woman that I gave her all the extra gear I had. Not more than a month later she married Mr. Mumford, the crustiest pedo looking old dude in our group.I guess you can't teach them everything.A+, 10 out of 10"
,Recommended,257170,14519398,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Doc_McStabbins,"Northway took what was already a great game (Rebuild 2) and made it even better. My only complaint is that I can't take it with me on my iPhone...(yet?).I have alpha and beta tested more games than I can count, and even in its Beta, Rebuild 3 provides an engaging experience that will test the limits of your ability to juggle resources, personalities, and armies of the undead. I commend Ms. Northway on her outstanding achievement in taking one of my favorite games and turning into not just a better version, but a better experience with many more layers of depth and discovery."
76561198059747832,Recommended,257170,15068203,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Longshadow99,I've played Rebuild since the first one came out as a flash game.I have to stay this game in particular has come so far since its came out and is getting better all the time. 9/10
,Recommended,257170,14384951,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Mustang,"The Rebuild serie is really good, fun and engaging. It's both an homage to the early days of the strategy game and a really fun and interesting take on the post-apocalyptic world. Definitely highly recommended if you like strategy in a cool, hassle free, interface and environment"
76561198024080920,Recommended,257170,16244645,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Inzu,"A fun game, though some elements, such as research and random events, can get a bit repetitive as the campaign wears on.Everything is handled from a leader perspective - equip your people, choose who and how many to send, wait and see what happens.  If you're looking for detailed tactical combat, this isn't the game for you.There are entertaining comical possibilities such as giving your soldier Rambo Jones ( yes you can rename your citizens ) a pomeranian to snuggle with on his down time.Engaging without overly taxing your brain, well worth the money- especially if you can pick it up on sale."
76561198027025811,Recommended,257170,16090204,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ThisIsSoLame,"Game improved a lot since alpha and beta, after 2 skirmish I got 0 bugs and it runs now smoother.Yes, this 'franchise' started as a flash game, but no reason to complain about it, I never got a feeling that I'm playing a flash game or some mobile game.Yes, the overall feeling is not as dark as it should be as a post-apocaliptic game, and yes, sometimes it has light humor not seen in this genre, but they didn't kill my mood, it has a really nice balance.The graphics are cartoonish, the story is sometimes 'light', but you'll have a nice moment every now and then.The overall strategy and gameplay are excellent IMHO."
,Recommended,257170,16105407,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Kerensky,Eliminated the a zombie faction and gained zombie followers in this turn based zombie game.  Fantastic!
,Recommended,257170,16064962,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Summercat,"I've been playing Rebuild since the original launched, and it quickly made it to one of my favorite games.This isn't about just living another day, this isn't about killing zombies, this is about Rebuilding (corny, I know), and that sort of thing always appealed to me in post-apoc style.I can't think of a single downside for this game, at all."
,Recommended,257170,16107462,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Siscoprofit,Really fun mechanics in this game. Not any are totally original but the way they are implemented draws you in and if you are a CIV fan you will probably like this game.Check out the first two for free if you want to be sure but for the price it is a lot of fun.
76561197993919345,Recommended,257170,16515700,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hobo McChicken©®™,"I've always wanted a zombie apocalypse game where you actually rebuild instead of just survive. This game is the beginning of my hopes for that game. The structure is basic: you start out with a few buildings and a couple of survivors and you have to slowly conquer back the zombie wastelands and build a new start for humanity. The survivors have specializations which allow them to do different things for your settlement and as it grows people end up in relationships, end up in fights, or end up dead. Your leadership determines how well your settlement does. I never played the first two Rebuild games, but I was very satisfied with this one. My only gripe is that 3 missions into the campaign and I'm already getting swarmed with 2 or 3 zombie hordes every couple of minutes, which makes trying to establish a settlement near impossible since you have to keep sending all of your people off to fight the horde or guard your turf. There's also no real way to tell where a zombie horde or enemy faction group is going until they're already there (or if you just keep placing guards at every building in the vicinity until the danger meter changes color). It's also fairly basic with only a few building types to construct, a few technologies to research, and a few specialties for the survivors. I really kind of hope the devs (who I think are a husband/wife team) get bigger and make an expanded version of this game with 3-D graphics and expanded mechanics. If this is the quality of their games at a small level, I would only wonder what they could accomplish with EA's resources."
76561198012711696,Recommended,257170,16211589,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Darkaiser,"I heartily reccomend this game for anyone who likes zombie apocalypse games. It's inexpensive, challenging and most of all fun. There are several roads to victory and you can play it on the clock or turn by turn (great feature that!). There are enough surprises to keep you guessing but the basic strategy is learned by the end of the first scenario.One thing: If you're playing for a high score, don't loiter around as each day it takes you to reach your goal means negative scoring. I took my time with one scenario just to be complete and wound up with negative points.All in all a very good game."
,Recommended,257170,10641306,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,retrybute,"This is a fantastic game, I've loved the previous 2 installments and I'm happy to be able to join this game while it's in it's early development. I am excited to see where the developer takes this! Excellent replayability I have enjoyed my 20th play through as much as my first!"
,Not Recommended,257170,17852925,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ekleziast,"It's a casual strategy game about Zombie Apocalypse. You control several characters with different specializations: fighters, builders, scavengers, researchers and leaders. With these guys you restore a town building by building, fighting hordes of zombies, dealing with other human factions and occasionally making a moral choice.The game is simple - it doesn't demand much of your effort to be played and, at least, several first hours of it are entertaining. Sometimes even tense. But I remind you that it's a CASUAL game. It has casual challenges that very soon become repetitive and lose all intrigue. It has casual story, somewhat spiced with the short personal stories of your team, that cannot make any big difference. I started to feel bored already in the third town (out of a dozen towns available).Buy it if you like games with shallow ideas and simplistic mechanics. I mean, it's really one of the most interesting games among the casual ones I've seen before. But for me it's clearly not enough to enjoy it for long."
76561198121032606,Recommended,257170,10172636,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Hummungus,Awsome game cant wait for updates!10/10
76561197996186863,Recommended,257170,16125884,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,nephilimnexus,"Surprisingly addictive.  Yes the graphics are cartoonish and is a lot like any freebie flash game, and yeah it clearly evolved out of a smartphone game.  But the key phrase here is ""evolvedoutof"" - this is an actual PC game, even if it doesn't look like one on the surface.The mechanics are simple & straightforward, and the learning curve is deceptive.  It seems childishly simpleat firstbut once you've sunk an hour or two into you start to see the much deeper strategy game hidden just behind that ""casual"" image.  Running side-by-side with yourStrategygame element of juggling food, materials, ammo, fuel and (most importantly) time, all while playing the risk-management game alongside when choosing missions... there is also an above-averageRPGriding sidecar with it as well.  People have relationships - friends, enemies, lovers, spouses and children.  Those relationship are dynamic, and true mastery of this game means not just tossing the people with the best skill stats at a problem but also making sure that your team actually functions as such.Another nice, yet simple, feature that the game gets right is the difficulty scale.  Put it on Easy and yeah, a chimp can beat it, but put it on Impossible and you better have a jar of lube ready.  Maps can be anywhere from tiny hamlets to a city so large & vast it would make Judge Dredd do a double-take.  While you can't customize the map generation per se, it is seed based.  So if you've got a map that you really like you can duplicate it for replay simply by jotting down that number for later use.This game would be complete as it is even if all you had to do was deal with zombies, but of course you can - at your own discretion - crank it up another notch by adding a dozen different factions into the game.  They can become allies, trade partners, or (most likely) enemies to further assail your little fort on a daily basis.Now don't let this praise fool you - it's still got bugs, and it does have it's flaws.  I'd rate the ""price-to-entertainment"" ratio of this game as Good.  Meaning it's got the quality level of a $20 to $25 game but only costs $15.  And as of this writing it's on sale, so even better."
76561198140771109,Recommended,257170,17631630,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,knightspear14,"Been a longtime fan of the rebuild series and when i first heard that this was out I got my hands on it immediately. Its a great game with ok replay value, but great fun first time play.only complaint is that the way the zombies just mass at your walls as zed hoards is just annoying and not very fun to deal with. its mostly based on luck on any difficulty higher than normal.I give this game a 8/10 as a long time Rebuild fan."
76561198003492643,Not Recommended,257170,34383523,Posted: 20 August,all,VatelFak,"Its a fun game that will entertain you for 7 hours.Then you realize the game is pretty much just shallow, with very little content when you get into it.Not reccomending for this price"
76561198073192555,Not Recommended,257170,18905547,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,godpolsteven,"I can't not recommend this game,although it got great fusion of topics(zombie and 4x strategy).The reason is that the game is way too shallow in depth.Here is my thought.1. characters classification is annoying, different functions of characters does not show big differences.2. characters upgrade through talks is annoying, especially that when u have to talk to A LOT OF people.3. Java-mini-game-looking and ugly looking font.4. NO atmosphere at all.5. Repetitive micro management.I hope some one could make a new game with zombie and 4x elements in the future."
,Recommended,257170,22493952,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Bengal,Finally a game where you can force-feed drugs to people and get away with it
,Not Recommended,257170,24452908,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,"Kek is Love, Kek is Life","This was such an embarrassing step backwards for the dev team. Rebuild 2 was phenomenal, simple, easy to pick up and FUN! Rebuild 3: Gangs of Deadsville is an embarrassment to the Rebuild trilogy. The gameplay has simply been trampled all over in favour of even more resources you have to juggle. It feels like a chore to be ""playing this game"", dragging survivors literally all over the city instead of having more options with the tiny patch of land you can barely maintain in the first place. Zombie attacks are so frequent that you'll spent pretty much all of your time waiting patiently for the zeds to attack you. That is not gaming. That's boring. That's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. In Rebuild 2, there were so many strategies and options for how to end the game. Here, it's just like playing chess."
,Recommended,257170,22735452,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Red Fire Rebel,scavenger found rocket launcher in grocery store10/10 would scavenge again
,Recommended,257170,26244414,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,[Uni] E D G Y 🌟,Gustav is back!10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again
,Recommended,257170,14985238,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,JesseKameme,"If I wasted 1 hour on a flash game, I'd be insaneBut When I Wasted 15 hours on this, I knew those 15 hours were spent on a land of hell and torture forcefully depriving me of every good moment to counter with decisions like who should my character date or wether or not to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or kill a kid or make decisisons you normally won't make.THIS GAME WILL TURN YOU INSANE, MAKE DECISIONS THAT TURN YOU INTO A MONSTER, FORCE YOU TO KILL INNOCENTS JUST FOR 1 POINT OF FOOD OR MATERIALS!9001/1 -JesseWinterman™ "" Its Walking Dead by Telltale, except its a topdown strategy mode where you can rename Lee Everett to Clementine and make him look like Ben""""10/10 would Rebuild again"""
,Recommended,257170,14106852,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Homicidal Jester,Very fun
,Recommended,257170,13951369,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Quirtiblob,"This game is so fun! -- being a long time supporter of Rebuild 2.  This game has everything you'd want in a survival game:- Zombies are tough to defeat- You will lose buildings you've tried to reclaim- You'll have trouble getting all of the essential buildings you need- Survivors will die- There are communal pop-ups that actually matter- You can actually make a permanent shelter with regenerating materials- You can't win the game in just a few hours- You can lose the game in just a few hours- It's everything other zombie survival title tried to do, and someBut I cant seem to get past the ""Super Zombies"" feature.  It's a good idea, and is a tough mob to fight, but... you can't kill it without bombs (which destroys that building).  If you do try to attack them, you'll get 5/6 of the way done, and then they'll move to a different square.  They are naturally drawn to noise, also, so, if you're trying to reclaim a building, or scavenge somewhere, then they will one shot you.  Literally one shot you.  So at the moment, the game breaks if you have a super zombie problem.I really hope that they fix this problem so I can actually play the game, but once it does get a fix, I reccomend you get the game.  It has a lot of potential;  it probably has more than most early access games.  And they make updates persistently which is even more of a reason to buy it.I think it's worth the high price tag of 14.99 since it's basically a finished game, with few bugs, and very few exploits -- if any.  The price tag will raise to 24.99 undoubtedly.9.5/10 IGN  ""Not enough 360 noscopes, don't buy, terrible title.  Not even a AAA title scrublords."""
76561198077444306,Recommended,257170,12720494,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,BrenTenkage,"In its Current state it does many things better then the flash games that proceded it, but its highly unpolished, the gameplay after a while gets easily repetitive, I felt the traits really didn't add too much as I kept giving them the same traits over to boost defense and redecorate all the useless buildings I just captured and didn't bother to waste resources remodling, and I felt later in the game it became much harder to find material, more so with wars as in order to attack enemy buildings I need to be next to them, meaning I needed to encroach my turf onto them. I suggest adding more risk but being able to attack without needing to stop and make my fort creep into their turf"
76561198073670449,Recommended,257170,11497328,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,ChillCruz,"I like this game, therefore you should play it."
,Not Recommended,257170,24549772,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Shaw,"I wanted to like this game. I really did. However I would have to say that Rebuild 1 and 2 were much more fun, as well as free."
,Not Recommended,257170,16604268,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Otoro บี,"Straight-forward...Rebuild 3: Gangs of Deadsville I give it a 6.2/ 10. This game gets reptitive and tedious. The first few cities were fun and fine until you realized the cities don't change much. Add more factions, harder zombies, scarce resources. It could been fun but it becomes a hand sore at clicking.I like the concepts of how its like an Indie version of Sim City (though on a more limited capacity) with all the buildings and situations you face but there so limited that the 100 buildings u have are made of 8 buildings built over and over.Pros: Its got ...-Zombies-some selection of weapons and equipment-variety of storylines and options to lead you down your own path. (though a con is some storylines are overplayed from city to city)Cons:-There are bugs still, where characters become non-selectable and you have to reload (BUT the game autosaves a ton so that not too bad)-When you adopt, you lose your equipment hand (even if the child like 12 yrs old).-If an allied faction separates you and an enemy, (so far) impossible to get around and conquer the enemy territory.-Zombies herds becomes a tedious action-Alliances are BS. they can attack you. but if you raid once they are all out war with them... VALID? NO!!!-No ability to stop mass suicides (or none I found). Aka my own daughter seppuku herself for no reason!!!! =_____=#......-The MOST IMPORTANT ONE CON....is a question. Is this game going to get fun?THINGS TO IMPROVE:More equipment.More buildings.More buildings that your community can build.More storylines and better missions to complete."
76561197993894575,Not Recommended,257170,18518425,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,bumbaclad,Nothing to see here. Annoying from the interface to the gameplay. You will just spend the entire time moving survivors around to block non-stop zombie hordes. Go play the first two Rebuilds for free on the internet; you might actually enjoy them.
,Recommended,257170,18722815,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,gash\\\,"Finished the game at a casual pace in 30 hours. It was an enjoyable if addictive experience. There's enough of a story in there to make a little bit of a difference as the campaign goes on, but perhaps not quite enough. There are a few UI changes I think would be nice, such as the talent/perk system for survivors - too many clicks, especially when you have several dozen of them... The sound design gets repetitive pretty quickly too."
,Recommended,257170,14893557,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,smaugslayer 🎃,"This is a great game with frequent updates by a developer who seems to really care about their fans. If you're a fan of zombies, I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,257170,19183194,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Kracknovez,"This game is the amazing sequel lovers of this game have been waiting for. Rebuild 1 was ok, Rebuild 2 was pretty good, but ""Rebuild 3: Gangs of Deadsville"" is amazing. I played this game for days, after days and i love it. There is a good story, good gameplay, good graphics. I deffinitly suggest this this game, no doubt about it."
76561198118630250,Recommended,257170,12146291,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,XN | Adam Whitney,"Rebuild: Gangs of Deadsville is the new sequel, making it the third in the series. I have played all. (Can everyone PLEASE be aware that I have paid for the Deluxe Edition, so all content may/may not be all the same depending on the DE.) GOD is awesome. I have been a fan ever since I have played the first. But this adds more content with even more choices in it. From the tiniest things, such as killing zombies, to the biggest things such as being peaceful or raging war with other factions, if you love driving a city out of the darkness with making choices, your in for a treat. And if I were you, GET THE DELUXE EDITION!Your pal, Spud.PS, if you are interested, on my channel, I am going to start a series of this. Look up ""MitchellRebelliance"" on YouTube, but the name will be SpudCast Spud."
76561198183900138,Recommended,257170,31186246,Posted: 16 April,all,geoalex71,"Hi everyone, I've been a big fan of Rebuild for quite some time now and have played the latest game Rebuild 3 which in my opinion is a fantastic strategy game. I've played other strategy games in the past and so far this has been one of my top favorites. The discussion board and the community are really helpful as well as the game developers. Playing on a personal computer can be a little more tricky than a game console and so during a gameplay I may run into glitches. My latest game glitch happened here during game play on Rebuild 3 and I was a little concerned because with other game downloads or upgrades I've tried troubleshooting and with no success lost my money.I posted a request for help and saranorthway got back to me right away, its not always the game or the graphics that catches my attention but also too the game developer(s) and how they look after their customers, with that being said I'm very happy  with the quality of service from Northway Games and I give them 5 out of 5 stars.Keep up the good work."
76561198239079076,Not Recommended,257170,30969581,Posted: 5 April,all,Previews,"This game is not worth $15. Part 1 is better. Part 2 makes this game look like, well you know."
,Recommended,257170,34262445,Posted: 15 August,all,Vortex,"Game is working now, changed to recommended."
,Recommended,257170,17759893,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,A Chloroform Scented Candle,"Was told by a bunch of zombies to kill a bunch of zombies. Even in death, zombies are racist. 5-stars."
76561198219815168,Recommended,257170,25426628,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ssaul4,"So, I've put a lot of time into this game and have enjoyed it tremondously. Get it and you'll see, it's awesome. It's resource management and zombie survival, it's great stop reading and play it. Spoiler: I really wish there was a way to play as the zombies after you turn and go back and retake all the colonies you established, basically playing the prologue for the bad ending you get if you capture the nuke and surrender. Also getting that stupid vial of monkey blood is super time consuming I officially give up on it, anyone know if it was because of Gustav?"
,Recommended,257170,13019470,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,CidsOblivion,Another awesome game from an awesome series. I am excited for it to be finished.
76561198003159276,Recommended,257170,16615077,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,paulolsen175,"Although it´s repetetive to a fault, i have enjoyed it."
,Recommended,257170,12287232,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,HarshComic34™,this game is great if you like zombie survival building things and interact with survivors i would give it 10/10 you should get it this is an addictive game
76561198049099025,Recommended,257170,25849956,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Oz,"What a great game!  I played the flash games when they came out, so I wondered if I'd like this, with the new systems and art.  But my fears were unfounded: it's a joyous and surprisingly intimate 4X game, where you get to know your units surpringly well, so it comes with some shock when they die for some myriad reason.It's fun on mobile and PC, with a great interface,  great gameplay, and even a decent story to boot, for the most part.  Definitely a worthy buy."
,Recommended,257170,16222731,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Cuji,"Rebuild 3 is a fun indie game I'l break it down though:Pros:-Good to play for a short while if bored-It's generally a fun manegement game with a zombies/survival theme-If you like 4x games like civ or whatever this is probably something you can pour time intoCons:-Kind of expensive for an indie style game especially given the fact the previous 2 were free.-It doesn't offer much more as oppose to the previous 2 rebuild games.-The interface is a little bit clumsy in the way that you move/stack units but isn't a massive problem-It gets very repetitive after you progress through the story mode for a few hours.Over all though it was worth the money spent I got a few hours out of it, nothing special and nothing too bad."
,Recommended,257170,16085639,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,inFamousMax,Pretty darn fun.
,Not Recommended,257170,22779552,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,charlietakethetrench,"gets very repetitive once you figure out what you're doing. was fun while it lasted, but lost interest before I even finished the campaign once."
,Recommended,257170,17255523,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Kenedy Kross,Recommend for who like this kind of game.+story line is good.+quite enjoyable from the start. (boring in the late game)-Random events are absolutely the same in every map.-takes 1-2 hours in a map for only make friends or kill them all.
,Recommended,257170,16108510,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,greasyfatman,S'okay.
76561198025704322,Recommended,257170,31261591,Posted: 20 April,all,timbuck,"I'll start by saying, i've never played any of the other games in the series.Graphically, it leaves a bit to be desired, but i've seen worse and the art style is consistant throughout so, atleast there's no surprises here.  I've seen some people complain about the art style used to be realistic and gritty, but everything I can find of 1 and 2 doesn't fair much better graphically so, I guess it's all in your preference.The game play is mostly a good strategy game, but you can rinse and repeat the levels fairly easily.I found the lack of info when I purchased it in regards to the difference between the deluxe and regular a little less than helpful, but really, unless you really want the extra five or so classes, the ability to play the first two games, then really save yourself the cash.  I got it on sale for 8 dollars, I wouldn't spend a whole lot more on it.  It's not the worst game in the zombie genre, it's not the best, the controls are easy enough, and the menus are easy enough to navigate."
,Recommended,257170,11976526,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,~Robin,Tripped over a Shih Tzu and got killed10/10 Would play again
76561198131955347,Not Recommended,257170,18861001,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,goredbat2,Never let's me load a epic map game gets boreing after a hour or 2 you get attacked way too much by zombies foods a big issue survivors constantly die for stupid reasons it's just not my thing i guess.
,Recommended,257170,27555590,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,(UvG) MAGIKHAN,Give it a go!
,Recommended,257170,12705856,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,✠GreenGarnish✠,Fak i remember playing the flash games on newgrounds back in 2011 and 2009. Dam m9 this game is worth it for ya'll zombies lovers!
,Not Recommended,257170,22097516,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Demien,"I was a huge fan of the prequels (free HTML game). But this is the same game, refined, but exactly the same game. It's so grindy i started to feel sick in real life. As other said, it's fun for the first 2 hours then get really boring. It's still a good little game but it cost too much!Worth it 2-3$"
76561198142742789,Not Recommended,257170,23875697,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nobokav,"This game is well made, however it is too cartoony for my taste and if you are a fan of of the 2nd Rebuild and the artstyle you may not enjoy it. Still fun though"
,Recommended,257170,14136073,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Prince Gwythyr (Ezrik),"If you ask me, this game is better than both walking deads. This game is one of those games that give you full control over your fort. This game is already a fantastic game. It has everything. I love the 150+ Events. From selling ""Bath salts"" to gustav, to deciding what to do when 70 zombies invading my hospital. And when it is complete? It will blow up the market. I am in the mood for this game everyday. Every turn counts. Do or die. I highly recommend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,257170,20308936,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Ragna,"The first two maps of the game were nice, but then i realized it´s everything again , again , again....it takes forever to complete a map when it is obvious that you already won.The game is not bad , i like it , but after 4,5 h i was bored to death..Attack zombies , fences , defend from zombies ,attack , fence, defence , attack faction........6/10 maybe a 6.5/10 as the first two maps were cool.But again , not a bad game"
76561198034774994,Recommended,257170,21910737,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Papyrus,"Ok i guess...Well, this game is good, but there are some flaws. Here are a few:1. Mobs and hordes spawining is too often2 .Churches and Bars dont have that much effect on Happiness.3. you get crowded with loot and you have too little survivors.Well, they aren't that big of a deal so i guess  i'll have to give  it a high score.8.5/10What are you doing?It's the end of the review! Get going and read the other reviews or something..."
76561198011604143,Recommended,257170,18309119,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ScoutMaggs,"I've played this series ever since the first installation and I love the direction it has been going.This latest one offers a lot more in-depth management of your colony and your survivors. Love this game even though it gets a bit repetetive in the long run, especially if you decide to destroy your enemies.All in all, a great pick-up for people who know the series and zombie/post-apaocalypse fans alike!"
76561197992229015,Recommended,257170,25792365,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Dire,"Fun little management game, but perhaps better suited for mobile devices. Gets a bit boring after a while. Still not a bad game. Just too repetitive for my taste to be playing for longer."
76561198016262462,Recommended,257170,20071742,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,stuntman,Amazing and fun game !
76561198042883662,Recommended,257170,19967010,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Halcyon,"mixed reviews here. While this is a fun stratgy game, it seems the games creators have an agenda in mind. I am on day 1200, epic city level with 700 buildings reclaimed and 147 survivors. I have had 5 gay weddings and no straight weddings other than my own chracter. Really odd. they want you to repopulate the world, buttttt only gay weddings. They seem to have an agenda. Just my .02. While the game is fun and time consuming, this bugs the crap out of me"
76561198079951263,Recommended,257170,16148251,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Farcide,I Hate Teh EndIng killing the goverment ending and you still turn into a zombie anyway  you can survive that ending?
76561198059923028,Recommended,257170,16128930,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Cooper0112,Amazing game
76561198041573973,Recommended,257170,30403100,Posted: 8 March,all,Bzerka,"Very good game.I wasnt too sure if it was going to be like a phone game when i first saw it, but im so glad i tried it anyway.Quite in depth thinking is required on higher difficulties. (which i love)The need to keep up momentum and keep expanding or risk being overwhelmed is new concept to the zombie genre (that I know of) and the story dialogue is decent with references to other classics. (cough ""the Warriors"" cough)Thanks for making this."
,Recommended,257170,16213675,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,DaBreeze,"Follows similar game mechanics to previous Rebuilds but can now be played in real-time, which makes it that much more cohesive and fun to play."
76561198059834545,Recommended,257170,16142665,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Comm.Burst,Totally addictive game your mind is always jumping to this or that.  Makes you think and plan a long term strategy 8 of 10
76561198147674383,Recommended,257170,15839514,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,killerking9674,"i liked the games rules,storage and especially the 1337 cREw the game can be both very forgiving and both unforgiving in other words easy at time's but also very hard at other times and its a fun thing having other factions, other than the biker gang in the old game you can do things with these new gangs with the biker gang you can do nothing but kill themin other word buy the game its great i love it you'll love it, it's very addictive buy the game it's worth the cost.-also the gangs are very great also one VERY special and unexpected ill give you a hint GREEN..."
,Recommended,257170,17803158,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,SpongebobTheHedgehog.exe (Soul),"Very little survivors left...No food...No happiness...Man gets so angry at himself for whatever reason and decides to whack himself in the head with a beer bottle.Man goes into the hospital, but I have an option of kicking him out of the fort for whacking himself in the head.Says no.Fort gets overrun by Zombies because the man whacked himself in the head.10/10"
76561198009738960,Recommended,257170,16457510,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Toadally Awesome,"So a review for the game.I remember this when it first started as Rebuild 1 at flash sites like Newgrounds and it was a very nice game there. I see that from a simple format it has evolved by now taking the advice its sequels produced to good use.On this game both story and sandbox modes are enjoyable. I am willing to look past the plot of the story and facts like the faction's memory or carrying over research. I assume every city has its own branches of factions and people that need to be taught. I am also going to be kind and assume that when I complete a mission and I leave my city with one injured builder at the moment 17 zed hordes are threatening my walls, he finds some sort of militia to deal with the threat and ensure my empire stays prosperous.After this little sacrastic intro, on the actual parts of the game. The time management system as well as the neutral/faction AI is satisfactory. The difficulty levels are fine and so far I have not encountered any bugs. The items have a nice variety and the events, while you may encounter the same event once or twice do well to adapt to the names of different survivors. The biggest positive impact I have from the game is the addition of factions, especially the cult and such religions. I am willing to overlook the extreme complexity of the policies regarding the cult because of the fact its cool to have these aspects in a zombie survival strategy game.On top of that all the small details of things you expect, like buildings, bars, churches, workshops, labs etc are as they should be. The resources of the game are few so its not confusing and you can quickly pick it up. Props to the autosave system that saves every minute, although some people may prefer to save at important points in game so they can get back if things get rough. Finally on a more advanced dive to the AI, the factions expand in an ok manner and they are not the same behavior with a reskin which is good as well.However some things in the game could be improved. First of all the inaccuracies I mentioned at the start of this review are overlookable but annoying none-the-less. I understand for example the research carrying over part is not easily integratable because of game balance, but factions having a set memory on you, even if it punishes some players is a realistic change that would add to the game. Remember that difficulty can be a positive part of a game, while some people make difficulty the defining part of their game and make money out of that (cough cough dark souls).After that I searched a bit and found some people experience bugs with the trade missions, and survivors never recovering from injury but stuck at guarding the building they were recovering. These have not happened to be but should be referenced.And finally, my biggest complaint, the game music. I swear I never thought I would have ever said a game doesn't have a nice track since its really easy to find a simple mix for any sort of game. There are games out there with incredible soundtracks yes but here I am not talking about quality. In my opinion it is almost garbage. Half the tracks that play during the game are just static on different pitch. At first I thought it was on my end, went as far as to order a new sound card since mine was from christmas of 2014 because I couldn't believe how annoying it was. Specifically all the tracks refered to as the future postcards and the one track called pistolero something are dubstep radio static. I can only recall two tracks that were normal tracks you would expect to see in the game(the one with orange in its name and the intro) everything else was either various degrees of what mentioned above while one very specific one was static on pause and play, meaning it would stop every 3 seconds making it even more annoying.Now I am aware half the people dont care about sound and play the game on mute, windowed with their own music or shows in the background. That's why I still recommend this game, would give it a 3.8 / 5 despite being a boosted flash one because it is genuinely a good purchase and worth your time and money.But when your game sound is downright repulsive, I believe that is something the devs should be aware of."
76561197976104284,Recommended,257170,32375498,Posted: 12 June,all,Roccs,I dont understand the happieness system they get upset when they bored all u can do is give them a day off or use fireworks or fix governement policies but why cant you use some of the buildings again once you get them back? like drive inns
,Recommended,257170,33216965,Posted: 3 July,all,Dogan,Simply beautiful.
76561198308110269,Recommended,257170,33227529,Posted: 4 July,all,TheManiac,fun game was a fan of 1 and 2 already and this one is a bit more advanced with a bigger storyline
76561198047548794,Recommended,257170,33620780,Posted: 17 July,all,Dan the man with a pan,gotta love that cheesy dialogue
76561198064936633,Recommended,257170,16210922,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,wordwaster,"i was a big fan of rebuild 1 & 2.rebuild 3 adds quite a few new features, and more importantly new challenges.   nothing like the feeling of desperately trying to hold off the zombie hordes with every survivor available; which causes your food reserves to start draining, when suddenly an enemy faction declares war on you.   give up or fight?fight ofc.   time to break out those machine guns.  sure, they will eat up your meager ammo reserves.  but they'll also eat tiny holes in your enemies.   now is not the time to be stingy with those bullets.rebuild is a challenging strategy game.  (if you play on challenging difficulty or above, ofc).    it is definitely tough enough to beat you, if you aren't careful.if you never played the rebuild series, i recommend it because it is a different sort of strategy game.if you have played rebuild 1 or 2, i recomend it so that you can check out all the new features."
76561198180157409,Recommended,257170,20414154,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Jason,played one map for 6 hours lost  because all my people joined a cult 10/10
,Recommended,257170,16226703,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,tappdarden,It's alrite
76561198049261227,Recommended,257170,10258074,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,suedanny2,"This is a really addictive great game to play so are 1 and 2. I rate 9/10 cause you build a city of survivors,meet new factions,reserch stuff,scavenge and much much more. They should add some new features like 1. some survivers need meds cause they wore boing with a problem 2. air ports sea ports etc."
76561198017682557,Recommended,257170,31125015,Posted: 13 April,all,Blast,"A spectacular game with dark comedy elements with clear inspiration drawn from various Zombie franchises. Some odd choices that make the game feel less difficult and more frustrating at times, but otherwise definately a fun all-around experience."
76561197961152743,Recommended,257170,16307917,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Tresixth,"I just want to say, this is a great game!!!"
76561198085502482,Recommended,257170,31273523,Posted: 21 April,all,Nemo_Incognito,"pretty fun game, decent difficulty curve. Only real complaint with it is how quickly mobs spawn however it is not impossible to handle."
,Recommended,257170,19523154,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Woody,Fun and replayable (different endings)
76561198130601592,Recommended,257170,18389658,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,leftforkilling,"ive played rebuild 2 and 1 and it was insted of fun it was interesting i played it alot and this is even better i like the genra of point and click builder and all the decsoin are yours you have to manage your survivors have them do the optoins from scavenge, kill, scout, reclaim and more and its just relly good and simple"
,Recommended,257170,28930685,Posted: 1 January,all,emmarockin,I just bought this game and played for over 6 hours straight. I'm in love. Everything I want in a game!
76561197969764385,Recommended,257170,17206672,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,The EVIL Wallet Inspector,"If you were a fan of the Newgrounds games back in the day, this is a must buy. Absolutely addictive and full of personality."
76561198043713459,Recommended,257170,17155354,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Numz(FTW),very fun game u must play it or i will punish ur♥♥♥♥♥;)
76561198042034963,Recommended,257170,17308292,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Tweeg,"City was starvingLittlest Hobo showed up and saved the dayRating:5 out of ""Theres a Voice That Keeps On Calling Me"""
,Recommended,257170,17355054,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,A Smelly Wizard,lol my crew that went thought 4 citys my wife killed herself case in the frist city i gave her the cult perk relly fun game 10/10 P.Sdont do cult perk . nope it wast that i found it out no spolers
76561198189544765,Recommended,257170,17274414,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,The White Tiger,"I have played alot of games in my life, I've even played the first two rebuilds, and this is game is better than alot of them!"
76561198058301795,Recommended,257170,18064650,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,ikobal,"Sarah really did a great job on this one.For a 4X game it has a great psicological aspect and the story im umpecable.It can be boring if you don't like reading or micromanaging, but if you don't like those things a 4X story-based strategy game is just not for you.If you want to compare Rebuilds 1 and 2 to this one, it is like comparing Doom to Call of Duty: the feel is the same, but the gameplay is far more complex.With 200+ hours of gameplay I have yet to see some of the aspects of the plotlines and the last stage of the campain is simply a work of art.Worth every cent."
76561198138026960,Recommended,257170,18249416,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,jefforyfaith,I bought this game at it's early access.  The developers were always responsive to comments and changes.  This game is an absolute pleasure to play and I will look for other games they will be developing.  Very well done!
76561198043496155,Recommended,257170,18364466,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Kajin,"An incredibly awesome game. I consider myself deeply ashamed that I only found out about the third entry in the Rebuild series recently but once I did I rectified my mistake and bought it immediately. Took a minute to get used to everything, but once I did I found it deeply engrossing and have been playing it every day since I bought it. Well worth the money I put into it."
,Recommended,257170,18421532,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Haukins,"Honestly, I have love this game series more than any other, I remember when I was on kongregate playing the very first one, then after forgetting about it (mostly because I played it on the hardest diffictulty and got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the second one came out and I was more hyped than I have ever been, played the hell out of the second one by the way. Then Sarah decided to release then forum (discussion page really), about what the features of what the game should be, I was late to the party but my ideas were still incorporated even though she probably never read them. Then when it was released, I found out that I needed steam in order to get it, so I got my steam account and decided to buy it, even in early access. So I bought the game and, well... I loved it, even without all the features incorporated into it. But then I decided to tell my friend about it, like a year later, which I let him play on my account so he didn't have to buy it, which also accounts for more than half of the hours spent on this game. He played until dawn (not the game, I mean the time) or until he passed out. I think he had more fun on this game than I did. But the reason why I am so appaled of how good this game is because, he gave up WoW for like a month, he loves WoW by the way, he never stops talking about it, never. But just reach the end of this review, 9.5/10 would maybe play again."
,Recommended,257170,18647587,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Scope,i finished the first two games on the hardest difficulty i load up challenging like 5 days 3 massive zeds spawn i cant defend my self i die after like 12 days gg best game i reccomend 1 & 2 they are good this one is too on a lower difficulty
,Recommended,257170,33541477,Posted: 14 July,all,TARS,"Rebuild 3 for all intents and purposes is a very simple strategy game. But its one that holds a special place with me given that I've seen it grow from a simple flash game on newgrounds into the successfully achieved kickstarter project that it is now. If you like zombies, if you need a simple time killer game to zone out, if you like strategy games then you should really get it because not only would you get a good game, but you'd also be supporting an indie developer.The full detailed review is over here:http://thelpq.blogspot.com/2016/12/rebuild-3-gangs-of-deadsville.html."
76561198169028353,Recommended,257170,18479536,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,KevinKC,"Very few video games make me feel like I'm actually 1- playing 2-a video game nowadays. Rebuilt 3 manages to do that. I feel like I'm playing an HD version of an amiga 500 video game. And this feels gooooood. You can feel the love put into this game, it has character and it is very refreshing. All these details and little jokes and witty comments everywhere, and that impressive amount of backstories written for no reason. You can feel that it wasn't made by 200 persons. (Well, it's Sarah Norway's Rebuilt 3 so, I suppose she mostly made it on her own.) It's the kind of game that is endearing and which makes you overlook its flaw and focus on all the things that are actually great.I love the musics, even if I turned them off after 50 hours of playing. And the writing style is really cool. I have this female voice in my head, because this couldn't have been written by a guy. I love the tone of this game."
,Recommended,257170,18578886,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,The Atomik Doctor,"Played Rebuild 2 several months ago online and absolutely loved it. Rebuild 3 continues the tradition and is extremely fun, well worth the money !!"
76561198080766517,Recommended,257170,16757452,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,mrgruff,Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Please make another Thank You!
,Recommended,257170,16950301,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Abby Lip Filler,fun game to waste time on
76561198031106978,Recommended,257170,17054934,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,jcolquho,"simple, clever, and engrossing."
76561198170069237,Recommended,257170,16687598,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,robtaylor635,Great game but I don't understand how sending a survivor to another faction gets them killed other then that I'd say flawless game
76561197994418936,Recommended,257170,16127070,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Shotdown007,"If you like simple sim-city 4X like strategies, you will love this.  Its easy to learn but not so easy to master, and I would say has a ton of replay value. I know this isnt too too much of a step up from rebuild 2, but I still love this game.  I loved 1 and 2 as well, so for me buying this game was a no brainer.  Plus, buying this game was a thank you to the creator for giving me and all of us 1 and 2 for free, and for making 3.  Srsly, thank you for this great series creator, and you people out there should just buy it right now. DO IT."
,Recommended,257170,10542730,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Stormfury,Fun little game that you can lose hours in or play for thirty minutes hear and there.
76561198058836148,Recommended,257170,26441678,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,dominotheory,Fun game. I admit it got a little complicated when the two gangs came into play and so gave up but I loved the concept and the graphics.
,Not Recommended,257170,33662745,Posted: 19 July,all,LtFeonir,"Rebuild 2 was nice because it offered many vectors to success. Rebuild 3 quick play is essentially just horde after horde after horde. Unplayable on normal and hard, terrible rework with a ton of bad UI choices and cruddy tech/skill tree options. Enjoyed the new loot system and some of the new levelling mechanics. Overall, don't waste your money on this game, sorry devs."
,Not Recommended,257170,16166388,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,"Yersinia ""Buboe"" Pestis","This game is very similar to Zafehouse diaries, but not as good. I think this may have been made for touch devices such as tablets, and if you got it for that I could see it being a good timewaster. However, if you are on PC, Zafehouse is the more enjoyable and better optimised game in this genre."
76561198195656471,Not Recommended,257170,22029135,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,The14thAssassin,"I bought this game because it looked fun, and what better than a strategy game about zombies right? For thirty minutes, it was a blast. My beautiful town named ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ became (slowly) less and less of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I would cry at the beauty of a reclaimed building. Then, the game became ""no market dude, I don't want your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!"" ""fine, let's train the only guy who isn't a soldier into a soldier, because the approaching zombie waves are abundant, and food is overated."" I never died, it just became boring. I never played it again. This is the only game of this type I have ever owned, so maybe I just don't like this genre. But, for those of you who have never played a game like this before, procced with caution.10/10, would play GTA Online again"
,Not Recommended,257170,16675355,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,sdfdsf,"I really liked the flash games. This is basically the same as the flash games, except it costs money. Honestly, it's kind of repetitive and boring after a while. Imo it's worth at most €5. I regret paying more for it. It doesn't offer enough new stuff on top of the flash games for it to justify the price. You can just play the flash games for free and get pretty much the same experience. And the game is EXTREMELY repetitive. The amount of pointless clicking involved is dire. Like - why can't I place multiple traps at once? Why do I have to go back to the menu for each individual trap? And there are no keyboard shortcuts at all."
76561197964866568,Recommended,257170,16133664,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Crusader_bin,"Entertaining for a while, but it gets repetetive quickly. While it looks ok, it feels and essentially is a cheap flash game.I just get the feeling I paid too much for what it really is, but if you enjoy zombie apocalypse survival games, you may like it.Still, I would wait for a promo/sale.Maps are random generated, but it all still feels the same to me. Kill zombies/mobs, reclaim ground, turn half the buildings to farms, get each of the remaining ones, do occasional quest (kill zombies again?), make alliances or not with trader and factions... There are few hours here, but you essentially do 2 things repetitively all the time.Do I recommend this game? Yes, but not for it's full price. I don't think I will ever want to start it up again."
,Not Recommended,257170,18650577,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Nuke Master 0,sorry guys but the ending sucked
76561198008348650,Recommended,257170,21865743,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Raef,"like 1 & 2 this has those same element + more.+ i can get my hands on those last judgement gangs  whit ""helpin hand""+ you already know this game (probably)-repeat (well most game do this especialy building, rpg games) but if you train your main character to max ""he.. or she?"" keep those points and items4/5It sure has lots and lots of dialogs"
,Recommended,257170,22156349,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,XeeX,
,Recommended,257170,28680245,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Boon,Rebuild 3 is an addicting management game set in a world after the zombie apocalypse.
,Recommended,257170,19896603,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Penguino,"Great gmae and contines the rebuild legacy. I recomend any new comers to the rebuild series, to play rebuild 1 and 2 on armor games or something to get a feel of the game but remember rebuild 3 is going to be much better. 10/10"
76561198053767780,Not Recommended,257170,29888561,Posted: 12 February,all,Anguis Furor,"Okay, I HAVE to brake up this rewiew into two different parts. First part is mechanically the game (completely spoiler free), devoid of any story, and then the story (major spoiler). Because the story....1) The game starts out with a handful of survivors, four, to be exact, on each new map. Each survivor has Defense, Leadership, Engineering, Building and Scavenging skill, ranging from 0 (utter noob) to 10+ (peak of humanity). With traits (gained as you level up the survivors and research Survivor Management) and equipment you can raise it above ten, and it does increase efficiency and decrease mission time. The top I've managed to pull off was about 21 building skill on a survivor. Not all traits raise skills, some give different bonuses, like immunity to the disease, reduced danger during far away mission.The map contains several different types of blocks, ranging from one, two and four blocks, on a sqare grid. Each different block gives you different bonuses. Farms produce food based on size, apartments and suburbs give living space also based on size, hospitals accelerate healing, laboratories allow research missions to be completed, workshops provide crafting of Ammo, Medicine, and other one-time used items, pastures allow hunting for food, forests also allow hunting AND woodcutting, which provides building materials. Forests are one of the most valuable tiles, since those provide a steady supply of building materials, and while some maps edge is also forest, not all of them, and sometimes the starting position is in the middle of the map, essentially cutting off that until late game.The resources are Food, provided by farms and hunting on pastures or forests, Building Materials, provided by woodcutting, Ammunition used in rare events and in case the defenders/attackers of the player has firearms or similar ammo consuming item on them (like crossbows) gained from crafting in workshops, Medicine, used in rare event, gained also from crafting in the workshop (yes, autocraft for infinite number is in the game for it, and these does not seem to consume any materials), and finally, Fuel, used in powering a maps powerplant and crafting. There are craftable consumables also, Explosives made from Fuel, Medkits made from Medicine, Traps made from Building Materials.The game can be played in an RTS style, or in turn based style, depending on your preferrence, it can be changed anytime during the game.The zombies on the map indicated by four colouration of a tile (after scouting). No colour is no zombies, green is few, yellow are mediocre, red is swarming. A tile can be reclaimed once all zombies are destroyed on the tile through an eradication mission option. Periodically zombie mobs actively attack the player.2)The story...SPOILERS. Stop Reading if you want to experience the utter HERESY Ms Norway calls a story.So, you start out as a survivor, who is immune. You set out to rebuild the world. You encounter many different friends and foes (mostly foes) in the form of the various other survivor groups. You eventually learn of a possible cure, and you set out to research it, either forcing others to help you or befriending them. It would be pretty basic stuff (I'm only leaving out some ultimately meaningless pseudo-characterdevelopment parts) until you get to the ending. Turns out one of the villains (yes, the guy is a Tolkien level retard villain. Evil 'cos evil. Well, technically wants to destroy humanity because he had ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bosses and coworkers and customers. Didn't get the memo that there is a bloody zombie apocalypse. Despite being an intelligent zombie himself. Don't ask.) SOMEHOW snuck into the hearth of your compound, and SOMEHOW managed to turn 100 syringes of the cure into 100 syringes of superzombie virus that acts slower and bypasses immunity. Where did he pull the superzombie virus out of? His rotting♥♥♥♥♥♥of course. At this point you can either A) surround to one of your adversaries and become a mindless zombie soldier, or just proceed to have everyone eaten anyway, including said adversary (not the same who spoilt the syringes), or just blow yourself up with a nuke. The final happy ending can be unblocked not by skill or knowhow, but pure bloody luck. There are hypothesises about how to exactly unlock it, I'm not sure which one is legit, because I can't be ♥♥♥♥ed into replaying this atrocity of a story. Supposedly in this ending you produce the supercure to cure your turbozombieism. My problem is not that there are separate endings, that's great. The problem is that the good ending is tied to random events (in all of the hypothesises so I assume at least one of them is correct). Also, the guy who spoils the syringes literally just comes out of nowhere and pulls the turbovirus out of thin air with not even in the slightests hint of it being possible (no, his ""smart"" zombies do not count. he stated that he can just simply train them at a time when it was neither convenient or believeable for him to lie).Final verdict:Get it on sale for the gameplay, if you can tolerate the atrocity of the story."
76561197982881963,Recommended,257170,15963445,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Razter,"Like the music (except for one song I had to remove from the playlist)Fun and a bit strategic for the first 50% of a city/mission.Overall not bad.However once you reach a certain point (basically the other 50% of a mission), the risk is no longer there and it kinda becomes tireseome and just a matter of waiting out the rest.If you really want to enjoy this game, I would play it on hard or higher. Any other setting are really just too easy and offer little challenge...making it kinda boring."
,Recommended,257170,31711300,Posted: 12 May,all,Dave Mustaine,Great game!You get to rebuid civilization. Very addicting
76561198044006471,Recommended,257170,19430886,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,HateSoldier,Thumbs up.
,Not Recommended,257170,16106919,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Microsoft Excel,"Very repetitive very fast, despite the improvements from the previous games. Play VERY casually or you'll get tired fast!"
76561198106450905,Recommended,257170,21000089,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Weimar Jesus,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
76561198094119282,Not Recommended,257170,20269773,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,resil1,Mehh same thing over and over again
,Recommended,257170,21784556,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Poptarticus,It gets sad when your favorite character dies.It gets annoying when people repeatedly die.I still like it.
76561198079791438,Recommended,257170,23273514,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Namu The Space Bunny,Really great spin off from the internet version Rebuild 1 and 2 but HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥IT'S SO BIG!!!
,Recommended,257170,18155116,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Terrnovella,"It has far more content and a significantly better story than the previous two, my only issue is that after a while the gameplay gets boringly dull and repetitive. I would highly recomment, but you are unlikely to pay more than once or twice."
76561198170373262,Recommended,257170,26448818,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,JesseTheUndeadCowboy,Very well made game. The story is fantastic!  I honestly believe that the next sequel if you make one would probably ttake place in New York due to to the Riffs going there. But I could be wrong either way this game is still great!
,Recommended,257170,29436117,Posted: 22 January,all,Loogi,"All my builders are either mexicans or trumps, and all love building walls.Make Zombies Oppressed Again!"
76561198157340022,Not Recommended,257170,17966602,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Relen | Trade.tf,"Cool game, I enjoyed the first two in the series and whenthis came out I was like 'WOW'. Rebuild finally came to Steam! I looked at my Steam wallet, 15 bucks, just enough for this. I paid for it and it was great for the first couple of hours, I mean zombies, uncasual, Rebuild, casual! But after some time it just became dull, the game itself became freaking boring! Hi AI, BANG BANG. Every AI's government down. So repetetive, if you want Rebuild go to Kongregate. Its where 'Rebuild' lives, not a game trying to be Rebuild. I might change this into a thumbs up if they gave us gamers an update!BEWARE, THE GHOST OF REBUILD.2013-2014"
76561197976385569,Not Recommended,257170,18355701,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,76561193681418273,"I played countless hours on rebuild 1 and 2, sleepness nights even, but 4 hours is all i could last in this game, its extremely boring, repetitive and bland.Dont get me wrong, Sarah and co. deserves my $15 for the contribution to the gaming world, i was happy to reward the cash for the free flash games i have been enjoying. But this is a review on rebuild 3, and in my opinion, it sucks.I expected evolution and progression. I got repetition and duplication.Sarah ... delete this comical crap and start again!"
,Recommended,257170,32196067,Posted: 5 June,all,bad,Best game
76561198322725110,Recommended,257170,29602250,Posted: 31 January,all,orchapman03,Sicck game breManamssn
76561197965588514,Not Recommended,257170,16079354,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Thunderballs,"Just didn't like this game. Felt clunky and the information they overwhelm you with from the start is so abundant that it's hard to read through it all. The game feeds you information page upon page. The sad thing is, this is not an entertaining novel, it's just garbled information. It gets tedious reading all the text boxes that pop up trying to figure out what happened. The game put me to sleep after an hour of reading overly descriptive, yet suprisingly predictable notifications. If your looking for a poorly written choose your own adventure novel with pseudo-turn based gameplay, you might enjoy this game.If you are looking for a post-apocalyptic 4x game, save your money and look elsewhere.Edit: Someone asked my why I call it ""pseudo turn-based."" - The game is real time with the ability to slow time, speed up, pause, etc... It is not a traditional turn-based game."
,Recommended,257170,22199946,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nugget,Title sounds really stupid but it's actually a pretty good game.
76561198016947654,Not Recommended,257170,17416254,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,moshkunov,Management is awful.
76561198203748600,Recommended,257170,28469603,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,pheinicke,Good game
,Recommended,257170,30451801,Posted: 11 March,all,TheFoggy,yup
76561197992970282,Recommended,257170,18095817,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Denny Crane,"The next step in a series of very creative video games. Although Canadian, this video game screams ""quality."" Denny Crane."
76561198263602169,Not Recommended,257170,22576877,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,---:::N361:::---,the ♥♥♥♥ing save crashed after the 3rd city
76561198259503133,Not Recommended,257170,28715275,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,moo,Game is super repetitive and boring.
76561198005406191,Not Recommended,257170,32847190,Posted: 27 June,all,servvsumbrarum,"Greetings Everyone!  So, steam summer sale is a thing and due to it this I’m taking a bit of a break from reviewing games I currently have and will instead be buying some of the games I have on my steam wish list.  First off Rebuild 3:  Gangs of Deadsville; a simple game where you slowly rebuild society after a zombie upraising!  …wait…who am I rooting for?  The zombies are the good guys right?Brain Dead:  So the game mechanics are fairly simple; you recruit survivors and use their class skills to defend, scavenge and take back zombie infested land, which is initially fun.  The main issue is that it plays more like a mobile game and fun kind of starts to wane quickly.  Everything is drag and drop and although there are some annoyances in selection (couldn’t figure out how to see what the zones did with a survivor on it) most were minor and I quickly stopped caring about them.  I really like some of the ideas in this game mechanically like friendship and was looking forward to a fun game.  Unfortunately as time went on this felt less and less.Zombie Killing:  At first this really didn’t bother me; played kind of like a lazy game I could play while painting or watching TV unfortunately the game didn’t seem to want that as I quickly started having to micromanage my survivors with very little time to spare between defenses.  It quickly came to a point where I had to manage 3 zombie attacks while trying to expand with only 4 survivors; 2 of which were more or less useless in combat (my scavenger and builder).Funnnnnnnnnn:  Ultimately, I had to come to the conclusion that the game was fairly well built but wasn’t really all that fun.  I’m more than willing to admit I may not have given it the full chance (as some of the other reviews might indicate) or that I’m daft to the point of missing something.  But I honestly feel that with the games and other entertainment we have I just don’t have time to play a game I’m not super fond of.  Repetition and slow progress just burned the game for me.Overall, if you like city builders and like the idea of the twist of expanding from a zombie invasion I’d give this game a try; but if you are pressed for time or your funds just aren’t there to buy a $15 then I’d avoid it.  I just feel there are better places for myself to invest my time and money into.  I hope for the sake of the developer others disagree!"
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,257170,13423230,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"Good for a browser, not to be an PC stand alone game.It can be fun for the first 40 minutes i guess."
,Not Recommended,257170,22821349,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Corrosion,"Can't type in the game. Fun, but full of bugs."
,Recommended,257170,31989092,Posted: 26 May,all,Solomons Proxy,Greta game dont listen to the negative reviews. all the negative people are either complaining becuse they suck at strategie games or because of the art. stfu ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s this game is fantastic!
76561198224230776,Not Recommended,257170,31027682,Posted: 8 April,all,myanimalife,"The game was great for an hour, even with mods. As soon as I tried to load the game again...""Failed to sync with Steam"". Now I have an endless loading box, but nothing ever happens....."
76561198082015922,Not Recommended,257170,12792517,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,princeazazel,"Wow what a rip off.  it just looks a tad more touched up then the 2nd and free game.  Here I'm gonna just compare it to the second one which you can play and get a grand idea for.  In the third the only difference I can recall is before you were only fighting the zombies and not other clans, and if there was even a 1% risk you sometimes had a choice to use some items to better defend yourself while the attack is underway.  Also they give you the option to do real time strategy, however I went to turn based right away.Pros+Just as fun to play though as the 2nd+Going to war with clans can be fun and stressful in the good way(most of the time, look at the cons to see what I mean)+You get more choices on who you are+The clans all have some personalty to them.+New lands and new uses for some of the lands in game.Cons-This game is glitched to hell and back still.  My game is now unwinnable because I can't talk peace with a clan that I have destroyed, but the game refuses to admit they are dead when there are no zombies or that clan's color left.-The names and pictures do not match up with the style of speech half the time.  It may be a little nit pick but when the thing your using to keep me invested are story events you must make sure your he and she is right.-Everyone wants materials in order for an alliance.  This is a double con as it takes away from the personallty of the clans and also is that most annoying good to try and horde.  Even with five level 10+ builders going to work for materials you'll be lucky to see three a day, each clan wants 100.-Long in the worst way.  I love long games as they normally mean I'll get my money's worth and will find something I like in it.  The bad news is the thing that makes this game so long is fighting to crush the other clans or make peace with them, which in some cases is either actively fight the clans which is more fun but takes more time and goods, or wait to be buddy buddy with them, shorter but ten times as boring.-The cost of the game.  When I play this I was looking for something more than the 2nd which I can play for free.  Right now your just buying a better looking version of the game.-Religion vs drinking.  I don't personally care for either of these at all, less so the fact that they picked an actual religion over something like fallout 3's church of atom.  This one isn't something game breaking but if it's my city shouldn't I be able to at least pick our religion or make one up?*Other fact.*I'm not listing this as a pro or con just saying it's in the game.  In my play file I've had guys marry guys, guys marry girls and it may just be the luck of the draw, but no women wedding each other.  You can pick to deny them of course but your sure to take a hit in happiness.  I'd list this a tad more as a con as later in the game it should be something you pick to address when making your own declaration of human rights in the game.  Again I'm not saying it's good or bad, just not properly worked in, or if never intended, out.Final score 33% Room for lots of improvement.With the game breaking bugs, guys being called girls and vise versa, small number of events I'd say pass on this game.  It may be early access at the moment but if you want to jump on this game wait till it's under five dollars."
,Not Recommended,257170,10364374,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Bogor Represent!,"Discussion is based on the Impossible-difficulty.Rebuild is not a new game in the sense that it is a new idea. Indeed, the developer has produced two earlier Rebuild games that  are floating on the Internet as a free flashgame and as a nominal fee mobile game. Those who have played either one of those games will be very familiar with this incarnation of Rebuild.However, dismissing this Rebuild because of that would be a mistake. Already in this stage of it's Early Access cycle it has way more to it than those earlier versions.Graphically, Rebuild is colorful and cartoony but does not venture beyond a pseudo isometric map on which icons relay the bulk of the information, supported by textboxes that in their information provide much of the immersion and feel of trying to survive in a zedpocalypse. Rebuild will not dazzle you with next-gen graphics, or offer you outlandish options and resolutions for which you need two Titans in SLI and several monitors.Due to this, Rebuild can be enjoyed by most anyone with a computer bought anywhere in the last five years.The tone of the game is lighthearted, which does hide the fact that the game is actively trying to kill you. The tone of the game and it's graphical presentation makes it easy to underestimate the efficiency it can display in giving the player a false sense of security, leading to the player taking risks which appear to be calculated but will prove to be anything but.The player has many option to taylor the gameplay. First and foremost there is the map, which comes in a slew of basic dimensions from tiny to gigantic. All of those basic dimension are however procced so no map is ever the same and no specific strategy will play out the same from map to map. In itself, the basic size of the map is somewhat of a difficulty adjuster in and on itself, as the number of zeds on the map increase dramatically the larger the map chosen is.Then the composition of your team will differ each time, though there will always a soldier, a builder and a scavenger in it. The Soldier, obviously, is your go-to survivor for combat duty. Nothing out of the ordinary with this survivor. The soldier kills zeds...The builder is quite a talented survivor. Not only can a builder demolish buildings to provide you with the materials resource, the builder is also the survivor to turn to when you need to transform a cityblock into something else.The scavenger.., well, apart from his/her obvious task of gathering food and resources from blocks not yet reclaimed, he/she is also the survivor to turn to to scout out blocks you haven't been to yet. You have to careful with your scavengers, they're not soldiers, though they can defend themselves if need be.The scientist is your survivor who can act as a doctor and as a researcher, provided you can present the scientist with the buildings he needs to ply his trade.The leader is your diplomat. Through him, you can recruit more survivors into your fort and conduct other charismatic things, like preaching in the church (if you build or reclaimed one) to bolster party-morale.All survivors can do all tasks described, but using the right person for the job will see it done quicker or with more success.As your survivors do the things they do best, they acquire perks. These perks buff their main talent. As of now, the player is not notified of this and the player has to scan the roster frequently to see if a survivor can activate a perk.The player starts on the map in a five-block 'Fort'. From the very start, zeds are massing at the gates and the player can set the soldier to work as soon as turn1 is underway. The food-situation is dire and decisions about farming have to be made immedeately. Scavengers will have start risking body and limbs scrounging for food right from the get-go.This pressure will not relent, yet your survivors will go mental if they can't rest up. So the player will constantly juggle a lot of factors that become increasingly harder to juggle. In order to remain functional, new survivors have to be recruited. More survivors means needing more farms, but also more apartments. That means that the player is forced to expand by reclaiming blocks. Getting bigger means a larger perimeter, which needs soldiers to defend... But next to the constant zed-attacks, the zeds can also mass into a herd which will be harder to defeat, forcing the player to make decisions on where to focus the defence. Next to that... ammunition is finite and needs to be fabricated.After a few turns the factions surface of which the subtitle of Rebuild hints at. If you thought that defending yourself from the zombies is a handful... prepare to deal with gangs that all have their own agendas which do not necessarily include being nice to you...But in all this chaos there is you. You, the player, is represented in the game through a customizable avatar (limited customization right now) and you're special. Unlike the survivors who have one talent only, your avatar has all five and can level up in all of them. This versatality means that you can jump in and help out where you're needed the most, though that in itself brings with it a new set of decisions. Will you go and recruit that survivor holed up in the suburbs or will you lend a hand in transforming an officebuilding into a farm?It's all up to you.Will you like Rebuild? Rebuild is a x4 RTS. It offers nothing out of the ordinary right down to the tried and tested zedpocalypse trope. Lopsided commentary in-game is there, the zeds are there, gruesome deaths are accounted for and decisions between a rock and hard place are thick as flies. There's even a research function and a tech-tree to explore.The 'impossible' difficulty on which my review is based is suitably hard, but in my opinion still fair. That is, all my defeats left me with something I feel I can do different the next time.Should you buy it?No.You shouldn't buy Rebuild because it is an Early Access title. You have no guarantee that the developer will ever finish producing Rebuild to release-candidate status. You have no guarantee that the developer will make good on the development-list. There's a good chance that you buy a game that for all you know is abandoned already. The fact the developer is active on the forums means little, as there are examples enough where 'active developers' suddenly fell off the face the earth taking the money with them and leaving the players with an unfinished heap of alpha-code.Buying Early Access is a gamble I do not wish for people to make on my saying so.So that leaves me in the weird position that I'm very positive about Rebuild. I like it very much and in it's current state it is most certainly perfectly playable and enjoyable. But I can't recommend it because it is Early Access and therefore is completely devoid of any guarantee to the buyer that Rebuild will ever be developed through and finished.-Merdakah"
76561197978932077,Not Recommended,257170,12857028,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,PaX1905,"As much as i wanted to like this game for all its nice features. It ended up being one of the titles to never leave early access. Its nice that Sarah often posts what she does in her free time, but it would have been even more interesting to know that s/o was actually working to finish the title we payed for..."
76561198059414028,Not Recommended,257170,10638412,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DaWabbit91,"This game needs alot of work id wait a while before buying it , the game is a great idea its just not there yet. At this point it is not very fun and glitchy"
,Not Recommended,257170,10364054,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Mythadeus,I love this series seriously check out kongregate for 2 other titles Rebuild and Rebuild 2 they are true master pieces. This however is an incredible let down as of yet there is nothing new compared to the free falsh games. The music (in my opinion) is ear piercingly bad. Then comes the biggest thing most people check for in alpha reviews is it playable and the answer is yes with a few♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself bugs. For example 2 of my men overlapped I went to separate them in a currently awkward fashion and the game crashed. No probs its a alpha then I reloaded the game and the save was corrupt I had just spent the bulk of my time playing on that save and yes I tried the autosave and my manual save both were broke. I woke up the next day ready to start again and in disbelief I tried loading the save and it worked. Overall the game is not worth $15 maybe 10 with alot of updates but it is really only worth 5.
,Not Recommended,257170,11986063,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,リサフランク420 / 現代のコンピュー,"The devs are probally the most lazy team i have ever seen i understand its a indie game but it seems like they have no idea whatsoever about developing gamesThe updates are really slow and really smallthey havent fixed the continous memory leaks and even made them worsethey never add any content whatsoevertheres alot of features missing which is WIP it takes them around a month or two to release a few bugfixesall in all i am very disappointed you will pretty much beat the game in an hour or twodo not buy you will waste your moneythe devs are completely slacking and obviously just scamming the early acess system like alot of other devs (not all, but it has been seen before)"
76561197993483141,Not Recommended,257170,14042426,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,[K11r],"This game is boring, its like those click and wait for energy games. I have no idea what this game is about or why it is made, after playing my first game for 2.6hrs; I just quit."
,Not Recommended,257170,13749209,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Playing CS for a GF,Just wait 4/10
,Not Recommended,257170,12757412,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Brad992,"How unfair, you cannot even play this game unless you have a special graphics card. What a waste of money for something I can't even play..."
76561198102385426,Not Recommended,257170,12718309,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,ϟ۞uし♣Kεy❀,"this game i only take 4hours to finish .. the first hour play feel alot thing gonna happen.. but after play 2 to 4 hours same♥♥♥♥♥♥keep doing the same thing .. this game is bored ""BORED"""
76561197996595222,Not Recommended,257170,12324946,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Homeinvasion,"fun for 15 mins, it is a one person dev team who lost interest half way through"
,Not Recommended,257170,27745152,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Frosty,borning
76561198083085163,Not Recommended,257170,12649215,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,slickmario,this game was lame ive played a free game better than this and it sucks that when you die  you have to restart
76561197964631447,Recommended,257170,12167142,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Denjanjeau,"The game is very enjoyable, gives a good feel of post holocoust zombie survival without making it too serious. There is good humor in the well written texts and several dilemmas and general tactical and strategical choices. The game contains good and bad luck effects, so its not always fair. But life isn't. Overall you are in charge of your faith. Fight, survive and enjoy.Gangs of Deadsville is a great game. If  you are unsure if you like this kind of game... just google for the ""Rebuild flash game"" and test that version for free. You can play Rebuild II as well if you like, but you are better of jumping from the first flash version to this one I think.The game is still under development, but Sarah is definately improving the game with every new version. She seem to work methodically and add something new, fix the bugs and then test. And then repeat. It is early access, but you can always play the stable version if you don't opt to go for the latest test version. So it is quite enjoyable and bug free, even if it's not finished.What is lacking is still some depth and ending. And all other stuff Sarah is planning to add that I am not aware of. The information might be there, but I just choose to wait for suprises instead ;) Join me and post your success and failure?"
,Recommended,257170,12169483,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,icleveri,"Love this game!  I have loved the whole line!  I cannot wait for the finished product!!!  Thanks, Sarah! Love, Levi."
76561197993299252,Recommended,257170,12170654,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,alduin,it's a good game but I would like it if when people die they are removed from the list
,Recommended,257170,12022008,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,bigmeanjoegreen,"I played a lot of Rebuild 2, and I loved it. This game is exactly that except so much more. I really like Rebuild."
76561198065638436,Recommended,257170,21356961,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Superstar Cole,"Fun game but gets really repetative fast, the more levels you go the more you meet new people and get bigger cities but its just doing the same thing over and over pretty much"
76561198073508946,Recommended,257170,29544063,Posted: 28 January,all,Darconious,"Nice game, really liked it."
76561198225351812,Recommended,257170,17115561,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Racist Bassist,kills 150 horde of zombies unarmed 10/10
76561198045102869,Recommended,257170,18920184,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Mariella,I was just gonna test it and ended up sitting in for 9 hours in the first run... Addicting and challanging when you get into the later levels.
,Recommended,257170,18742760,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Vultcha_,"game is a converted and updated flashgame.  DOES NOT PLAY LIKE ONE!there's a lot of stigma around mobile games, flash games, console games... and sometimes, SOMETIMES, there's games that surpass and challenge those stigmas.  this is one of them, so don't let the game's development history alter your opinion.first off, the game offers a robust campaign mode, with solid gameplay if you like strategy games.  music is decent and art is quite good.  upgrading and equipping your town's members is rewarding as is expanding the town and researching new tech.  game's canpaign storyline is quite good too, and gets pretty fun at more than a few points which makes for a strong incentive to keep playing through.couple negatives:campaign missions can be repetitive.  some repeatedly require you to ""ally or eliminate Xnumber of factions,"" and often there is no way to do so other than to take their land piece by piece or grind up their reputation.  some missions offer you ways to ally/eliminate factions through mission choices, and i only wish that this was more prevalent through the scenarios.it can be hard to determine your city's border at times due to the art of the wall of your city.  this is ""fixed"" later on though as you unlock better wall types.  i just wish there was some sort of color overlay that showed boundaries better.overall the negatives are small compared to the gameplay value inside.  recommend picking it up for any strategy/sim/management game lovers, and picking it up on sale for other genre lovers."
76561198051863375,Recommended,257170,30519603,Posted: 14 March,all,vren55,"Okay... now that I finished the game and am aware of the entire plot...I have to say I still recommend it, but... the game pulls a about face twist at the end which really annoys me.MOreover, after doing research into the ""good"" ending of the game, I found out that I'd basically have to play from the start.Yeah. I really hate the fact that while I love the game, finding the good ending is... next to impossible unless you were actually aware of its existence in the first place."
76561198137860032,Recommended,257170,18849687,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,HRE_Paul,"unique game compared to the last ones, the only thing is i FUC*** UP IN MINE"
,Recommended,257170,18470379,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,FuzzyPsychoBear,"I absolutely love this game. I played the first 2 as Flash games and would lose entire days to them. This one is no different. I bought this when it was still in early access and it has come a long way during development. I've been playing the finished version recently and really enjoying it.It's a 4x game (like the Civ Series) set in the zombie apocalypse. You have to maintain supplies, survivor happiness and manage relationships with other factions in your current city.  (I usually just kill them.)If you'd like to see a preview before buying here's my most recent play through:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1uh9kOQyFU&list=PLEUGIFN2mBj08r5ZZz0bihiAB082zw412"
,Recommended,257170,18631004,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Packey,Fun game.  You will need to adjust the difficulty as the game goes on so it does not become too easy!  I would recommend and buy it again.
,Recommended,257170,18670419,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Don Ico,"An fantastic ""Just one more turn"" game!The hours just fly by!"
76561198113033546,Recommended,257170,18728176,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Quetzalcoatl | Ender,its rebuildwhat more do you wantwhy havent you bought it yet
,Recommended,257170,18780460,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Cpl. dV_warfare [70th ID],"An amazing game, favorite in the series"
76561198074920725,Recommended,257170,18680663,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Antoine,"Mix of Civilization and State of Decay, very simple to learn, hours of fun. Excellent game!"
76561198105949797,Recommended,257170,18719293,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Seduce Me,"This is a nice strategy game with a scary-almost feel to it. If you don't want to slightly reduce your wallet, check out either of the first versions, which is a free flash games sitting on websites like armorgames or kongregate"
76561198095886928,Recommended,257170,19103326,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Original Name,"Very addictive, Intense and stressful decisions 9/10"
,Recommended,257170,19034112,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Mimsy,It's better than Rebuild 1 and 2 (both free Flash games). At first I wasn't sure it'd be worth the $10 but it's kind of hard to argue with 60 hours played. It gets grindy by the end but then so does every other 4x.
76561198058285196,Recommended,257170,16203522,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,SaGe_SiN,A great simulation game that i have recently bought and haved played for hours. I recommend this game to all who like endless amouts of slaughter to the undead 10/10
,Recommended,257170,16210831,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Mitchbones,Do you like 4x strategy games? Do you like survival games? Do you like zombies? Well this game has it all!
,Recommended,257170,16155561,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Burger Grim,"A strategy that makes you a leader of  zombie apocalypse survivors. Kill zombies, take back  city districts, recruit more members and put them to work, manage your supplies and equipment, deal with rival survivors and build a communist dictatorship while you're at it.  It's not turn-based like it's predecessors which makes it very dynamic and creates an atmosphere of constant anxiety, constant stress, and the soundtrack only adds to this feeling."
76561198052515018,Recommended,257170,16156837,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Joe Kickass,"This is a blast. If you like zombie horror and strategy/resource managment games, and have played Rebuild 2 on newgrounds I highly reccomend this game!"
76561198020258212,Recommended,257170,13573124,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,jeremy7986,從一、二代開始這遊戲就在各FLASH遊戲網站上有名號了，三代果然也有品質，而且有更多要素，更有策略性。雖然還是比較喜歡二代的寫實畫風，不過三代的卡通畫風也沒有很馬虎。很期待完整版的那一天到來。--------6/4------------恭喜Northway夫婦！可以見證到這個遊戲的完整版真的很高興！三代會創下另外一個經典！Congratulations Mr. and Mrs. Northway! I'm very exciting to play this game full version. Rebuild 3: Gangs of Deadsville will be another masterpiece!
76561198087113948,Recommended,257170,16179994,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Mako,"this game is fantastic, i loved the first and second, and this one has somehow surprised me, with the new combat systems, i generaly did not like, but at some point loved, the sounds are perfect, the music just makes it so you just dont want to leave. and actual ""quests"" keep the gameplay new and refreshing, and the game is not just like, win and build a new fort, it actually has a story with the enviroment changing for that specific area, theres new factions and they get there own fort, and all around the game is fantastic, 100% recommend"
76561198138678499,Recommended,257170,16162472,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Buddy Paul,"Got the game. After the first city, I was very confused as to why I had to build city hall then leave. I thought that was the end and I was going to be pretty aggravated that it ended there. But there's progression, and things unlock with the progression. Definitely awesome game, I'd recommend.Only downside I see right now, is that I may have a bug on one of my saves. Under all of the character bubbles, there are 3 dots, instead of their level. It looks like they're deeply judging me, and it makes me uncomfortable.http://imgur.com/1rUNMXN"
76561198042096692,Recommended,257170,16166014,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ScaryNed,"so many hilarious and epic generated combinations of things can happen, it's unreal.Here was pretty much my first game:after a few days, I gathered a top hat and a whip so I dressed someone up as the spitting image of a lion tamer.A moronic performer stuck his head into a zombies mouth to impress my group... we saved his♥♥♥♥♥and he somehow lived. Throughout the rest of the game, his character model looked like he was permanently ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ himself. coincidence? technically yes due to random generation, but it's still funny as hell.one of my soldiers life stories involved him criticizing magicians, religions, and supernatural phenomenon as a TV career until the apocalypse happened... two days after he told me this, he became devoted to Christianity...my best man Doyle took on an armada by himself... the battle stated that he snipped all of them with precise accuracy from far off... If that's not badass enough, he was equipped with a shot gun.I decided to raise a democracy, but because everyone was paranoid for some reason, they called to heavily ration bullets and food, despite us already having five metric ♥♥♥♥-tons stored away. after loosing 3 blocks in the same day, they changed their bloody minds and called another council meeting to un-♥♥♥♥ the things they ♥♥♥♥-edI have a freaking armor clad ninja... who's also a freaking bar tender.AND I HAVN'T EVEN BEAT THE TUTORIAL YET!!!I like rebuild, I loved rebuild 2, and I have zero regrets so far over buying the third installment.10/10 Five star 100% and others ♥♥♥♥s I'm giving it."
,Recommended,257170,16177349,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Agent Ferio,"This game...I'm addicted, i have expierence with the two previous Rebuilds, this one takes it to the next level, Simply amazing. I like all the added features and what not, i highly recommend it."
,Recommended,257170,16360172,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Apocalypse Noodle,"Accidentally ate some people, bruned some cultists, intentionally ate some people, Bought enough heavy weapons, pitbulls, and armored trusk from the trader to outfit a small army, took over the world.All in all? Great way to spend a day.On a more serrious note, if you've played the previous two flash games at first glace this looks like a paid third version. If you leave it at that and enjoyed the previous two flash games you're going to be missing out on a suprisingly good game. While /a lot/ of the mechanics from the flash games are in this, they've more or less been improved on. The apperance of your survivors gets a little repeditive after awhile, but that's my only complaint. (Well, that and some of the games can run pretty long, but that's my own fault.)Serriously though, if you're on the fence about paying $15 bucks for it wait for it to go on sale but personally I'd say it's worth the $15 they're asking. If you want a ""demo"" just go to any major free-flash games site and give the first or second a try, most of the mechanics are fuctionally the same and it'll give you a good idea of what your basic goal is."
,Recommended,257170,16271020,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Saxxy!,played 8 hours the first day i got it :D
76561198089247116,Recommended,257170,16343474,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,jackshisrael,"you are never alone even if you think you are, they will appear out of nowhere and get your land, even hurt your friends, so wherever you do...don't blink, don't turn around, don't look behind you. And please don't blink."
,Recommended,257170,16347882,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,dreamcrusher,I played it for 5 hours straight the first day i bought it.  It's a great game.
76561198031905307,Recommended,257170,16348608,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,odin87654321,"Lite rpg-elements combined with an addictive ""just one more city block"" - the zombie setting is just the background. The technology research and items found significantly impact the course of a map, which is a plus.The faction system adds an aspect of questing, if you don't feel like just trading to ally or wiping the other factions off the map.A large, though not huge, amount of random events keeps gameplay reasonably fresh. I don't think experienced players will have any difficulty on the normal or challenging settings once they have mastered the basics, but I find impossible challenging and fun.The dev is currently active and reachable, and the game went though a long EA process. I haven't encountered any bugs (that I could tell, anyway) in the release version of the game. A solid game if this type of hybrid game appeals to you."
76561198097294223,Recommended,257170,16320663,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,speedingtortoise,"If you enjoyed playing Rebuild 1 and/or 2 for free online, then you'll love what the game creators have done with Rebuild 3.  There's a new level of depth to the game that really makes it worth your while.  The price of the game might make you a little wary since you've spent so long playing the Rebuild series for free, but you'll certainly get your money's worth, especially if you are patient enough to wait for it to go on sale.  Besides, think of it this way, you're also paying the game makers back for the hours of time that you've spent playing the prior 2 Rebuilds."
,Recommended,257170,16527219,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,KriCaydr,"Really enjoy this game. Watched a friend play it a few times before I decided that I wanted to get it myself. Very enjoyable in game play and graphics, plus killing zombies is relaxing. :)"
,Recommended,257170,16542601,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Death by Diarrhea,"Simple with tons of replayability, a different take on zombie apocalyptic games."
76561198013078601,Recommended,257170,16421348,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Wingweaver,"Awesome game. Funny and interesting story line and the new factions make it much more interesting. The originals were great as well. As the game progresses it can become tedious though as the objective seems to remain the same. Ally or Eliminate # factions gets old. One level where you have to restore an old plane was a nice change. I wish there was more of that related to the story. Some factions reappear, but dont seem to remember me helping them much. Tried it on the hardest difficulty once(Moses Lake) and failed. I had to start over again on the next hardest difficulty, currently on my 2nd attempt at Impossible on Penecton. I hope it goes well this time.I jsut got Tiff and Wonko Married. They were my original people. On my first attempt at Impossible I lost Wonko and my best soldier, Beer O'clock. Damn good man. I couldnt deal with it for 2 days and decided to restart at a lower difficulty than face the fact that they are dead. Hooray for denial. Gods help me when I finish reading Game of Thrones."
76561198075288720,Recommended,257170,13855025,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Yatern357,"This game was unbelieveable they did so much work on the game it turned out great and it runs smothly I love this game I've play the first second and now third and I plan to beat the thrid I've beaten the first and second and now it's time for me to beat the third...so I do recommend this game they did really great job on programing and everything I like how the zombie all gather for an attack but, I really don't like how the factions constantly attack you though now I like that they have the factions but, even if your sort of friends with them they still attack. Still I recommend this game."
,Recommended,257170,15961159,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Prpich25,"As of now the 5/22/2015, the game is in a great, stable condition. It brings many new aspects to the rebuild series, and is very enjoyable to play."
76561198027980503,Recommended,257170,14489353,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Teklancer,"This is a very fun game, though for me I don't think there is much replayability value... it's a management/builder that has some elements of (but is definitely NOT) a 4X.  There is the ability to either play real-time (and adjust game speed) - or to set gamespeed to 0 and it becomes turn-based.  I thought that was a great feature.For me, this was a good purchase and a lot of fun, but not a game that I can see myself replaying much...this isn't a AAA title, but isn't priced as one either.  I do wish the developer much success - as I can only imagine what she could do with a big budget and team."
76561198078725040,Recommended,257170,14408987,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,games779,Hot stuff.
,Recommended,257170,14697719,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,857Awesome,"I love how the kids who grew p in your fort, when they age up, they talk to you like they had a life before the zed came. But they didn't"
76561197999071938,Recommended,257170,15860498,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Your mum,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU VALUE YOUR FREE TIME! It is the highly addictive sequel to Rebuild 2 that by itself easily consumed days of my life.. at home.. at work.. now on my iPad while on the toilet. This is the newest creation from Northway and it is fantastically addictive. Completionists, go no further.. you are home. Take over the entire city, have heroes of every profession, draped in the best gear, then pick your best and move to a new map with them..It can happen.Just.One.More..Turn...In all seriousness this is a fantastic addition to the Rebuild series. Even in early access this game is highly enjoyable and highly playable."
76561198089390280,Recommended,257170,15975023,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,DreadLord666,Love it.
76561198119530839,Recommended,257170,15980735,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,donaldson1207,"Absolutely 100% recommend this game. I played Rebuild 2 several years back. I thought that was excellent, but it is nothing compared to this. Looking forward to the patches, can't wait to see this game get even better still!"
,Recommended,257170,16106114,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,rediD,"Fun, difficult, lots of randomization for multiple play-throughs, and a solid amount of strategy involved. takes a little while to get used to the UI and all of the mechanics however, but not long enough to be uninteresting."
,Recommended,257170,16114205,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Sylph,I cant stop to play this...but still have some bugs for this game which might need time to find it
76561198103023124,Recommended,257170,16117288,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Gentlemen,I love this game. Truly satisfying. Nothing to complain about reallyPROS:New campaigns makes the story line make more sense.Customize any citizen with anything you scavenge.Map sizes can go a lot bigger than the previous two games.Each playthrough is randomized thanks to the many random events.Alot better graphics.CONS:Only bad thing is the lack of endings. The only ending is to reclaim a certain amount of tiles and then build a city hall. Add endings inspired from the old rebuilds.
76561198045717765,Recommended,257170,16118419,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,joasoze,"This game is a strategy gem! I have spent lots of time on it in Early Access, and it has been fun for months already. Save the city from zombies, you will not regret it!"
,Recommended,257170,16092016,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Jack Heart,"I really recommend this.It's a fun and addictive game about survival in a zombie infested world. It's more strategic than action, but it is not slow and boring.  You are the leader for a group  of people in this post apocalyptic  world and your decisions and your rules will set your groups destiny. You will have to make  hard choices, often between survival and moral. You not only have to fight against zombies or ""Zed"" as they are called in the game but other (NPC) groups of survivors.The game is far from spotless, and there is still some problems. You will always have to do all missions from start when you get to a new town, and research things all over again. Some missions also tends to be quite tedious. Especially ""Eliminate or ally all opposite factions"". Many factions are almost impossible to ally, and eliminating them takes for ever.So if you like strategic games, I really think you should give this one a try."
,Recommended,257170,15819624,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,† The Light Jedi †,"I strongly recommend this game for the fact that's it's just plain awesome. The first 2 Rebuilds got me through a lot of my childhood.Everyday I'd come home and hope directly on my PC went straight to Armorgames/Newgrounds and played my entire day away.They were that good and now I found out months ago that the third one was out? I dropped what I was doing went to steam and did not not give the slightest f@#k that it costed me money (That only fueled my expectations).Good things? Everything: nothing about this game is disappointing whatsoever in any shape form or fashion. The factions, the story, the choices (OH GOD THE CHOICES. I get goosebumps every time something good happens or ♥♥♥♥♥♥ happens and BELIEVE ME I've made some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ choices). Just buy this game and I promise you won't regret it... unless you hate Zombies,Choices, strategy, pure fun, or flipping your table.Bad thing? Just a couple of bugs but it's getting updated a lot and the bugs are getting fixed with every patch but other then that?hhmmmm nope nothing else wrong."
,Recommended,257170,15962179,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Redmage77,Gustav lent me 30 food and then took 50 food every month afterwards for an indefinite period of time. So I f***ing killed that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.10/10 Would kill Gustav again.
76561198019458664,Recommended,257170,16136041,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Mr Underlay,"So I've played the original Rebuild games on Kongregate back in the day and found I really enjoyed them, considering that was at a time when zombie genre games were all the rage.Now I've gotten a bit sick of zombie games as of late as they are now pretty much everywhere (the games, not the zombie themselves, otherwise I'd doubt I'd be able to make this review). So I was a bit skeptical buying this; the only reason I ended up buying it was because of the name.The game is very familiar to the older games, just with much better graphics, runs a lot smoother and has a decent enough story about it. Characters have more personality than before, and actually encourages you to get to know them better as you progress through the game. The game offers a significant challenge, with the difficulty swerving all over the place. At some points you will be doing very little as you try to expand your little community, while others you will be desperately holding on for dear life as you try to push back the hordes that are coming to nobble on your googlies. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, as I can imagine this is how a zombie horde would play out.This game though, is not without fault. The game feels very mobilesque especially in the UI. Of course, I don't know if it was designed with mobile gaming in mind, but based on initial impressions it feels that way. Also, I must say rather reluctantly I don't feel there has been enough improvement over the original F2P games online. It's certainly better than them without argument, but you may find yourself asking is it worth paying money for it?My answer to that question would be: yes, solely for the fact the originals were good enough to pay money for.Overall, the game is still good to play and is fun to delve into the midst of zombie hordes, and does take a slightly different direction in an overly saturated genre. Bare in mind though, if you are unsure whether to buy it, there are alternatives in the form of the prequels.Score: 7/10"
,Recommended,257170,13496601,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Josua070,"I've been playing this for some time. It's good. Still has some bugs that needs to get fixed, but overall, good.I recommend this to anyone who likes turn-based games. But for those who wants non-bug-ish experience, wait until this game is fully released & then buy it."
,Recommended,257170,15388141,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Enygmas,"I would rate this game 6/10.I just wish Sarah (the developer?) had enough resources to make a bigger game with this concept, with more polished features.There are some things missing, some others don't make much sense, but all in all I am enjoying the experience.As per difficulty, in normal I didn't find the game challenging in any sense. Food is not scarce at all, none of my people were killed and in general I have 0 feeling of pressure."
76561198030744532,Recommended,257170,15324385,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Theoloc,"A really good sandbox game regarding the rebuilding of a community hit by a zombie apocalypse!Many different characters with a pretty good randomization, numerous factions with different behavioral pattern and lots of unique events to experience!It is worth every penny, as the creator never ceases to stop supporting the game with new features and stuff!A great game that offers so much!"
76561198122717112,Recommended,257170,15116296,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Azxc42,"Just like many others, I enjoyed playing the first 2 rebuilds. They were fun flash games I had found on Kongregate. I was ecstatic to find out the second one had been released a year or too later. I played the living heck out of that game and was able to get all the badges eventually. I looked into the comments after I had played it for the first time in a year and heard that the 3rd one was being kickstarted. I was getting a bit skeptical at that point and found it on steam, it had already been a successful kickstart. I bought it the next day when I had time and started playing it. It didn't have all the nice features it had now but it was still a great start, and I was beginning to enjoy more then the second one. I played the game progressively, after every update, waiting every month to play with new updates. I have been finding some bugs and reporting them, hoping they get squashed! Recently, I have been playing campaign mode and finished it. I have yet to beat Trail on impossible mode, I wonder if it has been done. Overall, I love this game and hope to see it progress further!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_y8flY5SmQThe back story of your main character in campaign, sorry for all the problems."
76561198059493482,Recommended,257170,15421532,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,LightThunder777,lol good game.
76561197970390293,Recommended,257170,17757589,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,MimeDeVeneta,"An excellent game!Okay, it's quite repetitive but you end up the game rather satisfied and you are looking forward to playing the next one.I've always wanted to play a strategic game which takes place in post-apocalyptic world. It's quite refreshing and the end is quite unexpected."
76561197998229417,Recommended,257170,17528378,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,mr_fission,"Strong buy recommendation.I enjoyed Rebuild 1&2, and was a little leery of the new style for this game.  But I'm really impressed.  It's faster paced than the first two, and is a fun balance between combat and city building.  Sucks hours out of my life...My only complaint is that the upgrading system sucks.  You have to manually click through every survivor, talk to them, flip through pages, all to pick one trait.  Then if they have multiple levels, you have to do it all over again.  Breaks the flow of the game, but a minor gripe overall.Best part of the game is finding ways to optimize your build & expansion order.  With each passing city, you get to apply the skills you learn in a meaningful way."
76561198079298159,Recommended,257170,17715493,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Ah I need a medic bag,"Indie games at its finest. I remember playing the first games which are flash games and thought it was cool. It had good gameplay. However this game not only improved upon it with new mechanics such as factions. The main part of the game ""gangs"" of deadsville, but the story is actually good! It also pulls a five nights at freddy's 3 by making you do random things to get the good ending, or in this case the cure. seriously why to i need to sell a cricket bat to a merchant then go to a pet store  and aquire a romance novel? The gameplay consists of managing your survivors in a small fort, while trying to expand the fort recruit new survivors defend against zombie attacks, and dealing with factions. These factions range for smart zombies to the riffs and last judgment. Trading with them rescueing their survivors and the like to ally with them. Or if they're trying to steal your sutff you can always demolish their fort with groups of your soldiers. If you got 15 spare dollars and a love for strategy games then check out rebuild 3"
,Recommended,257170,17932435,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,sirfalstaff44,"A decent casual sim marred by very repetitive gameplay, and some design decisions that make sense from a balance perspective, but not from a logic perspective (e.g., you can learn how to build hospitals and labs, but not warehouses?)  It also suffers from a slavish devotion to random generation, which leads to some nonsensical characters and events.  The campaign is too episodic for my tastes.That said, it's an ambitious design that's ultimately fun enough to be worth the price.  7/10."
76561198238734434,Recommended,257170,18103156,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,arccer,"Storyline is fun, and quick games are addictive. Absolutely fantastic game. Can become repetitive though and some of the missions are very hard to complete. Overall I highly recommend this game for any one who likes city builder/ rpg/ manager games."
76561198025671789,Recommended,257170,16286712,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Wolfromm,"Yes its incredibly similar to the flash games. But this feels like a more polished version of what has been a labor of love from a very small group of people. I loved the original on Kongregate and I'm loving this version. I love it so much I have a cut off point where if the sun goes down I quit playing. Otherwise I'll look up and its 2 am. Simple game, but fun."
76561198202273112,Recommended,257170,13711185,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Whtenferno,Great game for both people who haven't played a Rebuild title before and those who have. There are a few gameplay bugs and typos in the text but that's sort of to be expected with a game that is on greenlight.
76561198038596718,Recommended,257170,14106293,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,cemery756,"In all honesty, I was about to give this game a Thumbs Down, until I realized how many hours I have played and will most likely continue to put into this game...Like its browser-based predecessors (both of which I've also sunk a good chunk of my life into at the old desk job), Rebuild 3 is quite addictive. Any good strategy game worth its salt should give you that ""just one more turn..."" feeling, and R3 delivers. If this was another free browser game, it would be amazing. But for the price tag I was expecting a bit more.The Bad:My biggest issue is with the interface. It is not at all intuitive, and you have to click about a billion different things to do anything at all, even something as simple as, for example, selecting a character and equipping them with a pistol.My other biggest complaint is the visual style. I realize that this is subjective, but to me it's just... ugly. The characters in particular are just incredibly awkward looking. In many cases equipment doesn't sit properly on the character portraits, which to me just seems like laziness on the part of the creators. There are so many gorgeous, hand-drawn, low-budget games out there these days that it's hard not to be disappointed when I see something like this.The Good:The creators continue to improve upon the game, adding significant content with each update.Offers some decently challenging gameplay, with the ability to somewhat customize map size, number of enemies, etc.Multiple paths to victory: you can either play nice and befriend your neighbors, or just destroy them (no easy task on the harder difficulty settings).Basic RPG elements: choose your career, improve your skills, collect loot, etc.Bottom Line: If you liked the previous games, you should pick this up on sale. Just don't expect your mind to be blown."
76561198021842292,Recommended,257170,14375161,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Killermen962,"Killed a group of raiders by road killing them with a bicycle, Going to take weeks to remove the brains apparently (Refer to my screenshots)"
76561198088213774,Recommended,257170,15213519,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,spots2012,This game is a pretty good sequel to the originals. Could definately do with a lot of polishing. The missions requiring you to kill/ally all the other factions is very grindy and ruins it for me.
76561198053679117,Recommended,257170,15302644,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,undefind1223,OMG this game is so addicting. I can't wait until story mode is complete.
,Recommended,257170,11329759,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Gunder,This is like reel life!
76561198036649021,Recommended,257170,14816337,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kinmuan,"Worth the Early Access purchase.  I love this game.  I never played 1 or 2, I saw this game recommended on another website, and I've loved it.It can be a little on the 'short' side, depending on how you play.  I've been working through difficulties, map size, and factions.  22 Hours, and I'm not yet done, I'm finally doing Impossible Diff, Epic Map Size (truly huge) and 7 other factions (maximum).With the proposed / expected updates I can't *wait*.  I think there's great replayability.  There's random events - and don't get too attached to your survivors, they may wind up dying in random events or being sacrifices.  I managed to keep 2 of my most important survivors with me through 6 different towns, their skills were so important.I will be honest, the price might be a little much compared to what's currently available.  I'm impressed by the stability and current depth, and have *no* doubt it'll be worth the price with the coming expected updates."
76561197991730601,Recommended,257170,14945630,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,MrVirole,"If you are on the fence about getting this game, I'll tell you it's not for everyone.  Go google rebuild 2 and play the flash version of that.  If you like it, then this is a highly polished and updated version of that game.  If you don't, don't get it.  I love it, buts its definitely not for everyone."
76561198024292506,Recommended,257170,19624500,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,JabbaTheHunty,I like it.Not much variety in characters.Fun untill you take over everything and have to restart.8/10
76561198160633268,Recommended,257170,19658615,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,VasHeavy101,love it I prefer it over the others sure this costed me some money but it was worth it also I find some of the events funny based on the choices you make plus the characters are some thunder goofy looking and they could be come a beast survivor. Also who does not love the zombie survivors you can get
,Recommended,257170,19722783,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Tubby McFungun,I have thoroughly enjoyed my time playing this game!
76561197972483399,Recommended,257170,19733004,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Hamburger!,"If you are a fan of the rest of the series, don't be put of by the change of art style -- I got used to it and you should too. It's also taken a step away from the ""dark"" theme the previous games had in a general sense, but in a narrow sense it's SO much darker... so don't let that put you off either. For people who are not familiar, this is a GREAT casual turn-based strategy game that is easy to learn but as challenging as you want it to be. I was constantly (for forever) just wanting to do ""one more turn""... and that's a sign of a game that holds attention if ever there was one. I *REALLY* wanted to win the story, but failed hideously the first play-through and missed BARELY the second time. It'll be a while before I try again, and next time I'll be using a walk-through, because I found it  little punishing with how long it takes to get through the entire campaign that it is SOOOO EASY to miss a mall detail only to discover HOURS of gameplay later that your victory is impossible. So it's punishing in THAT regard -- but I loved this game, it's engrossing, brings good atmosphere and mechanics for a zombie apocalypse, and adds diplomacy, character progression, and a variety of other new elements that just make the game that much more fun."
76561198172269829,Recommended,257170,19833242,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,raymondj73,The game is not bad at all it gets old a little fast but overall it's a good game
,Recommended,257170,19764001,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Eric1taps,"I absolutely enjoyed the game! I found it way better than the first and second versions of Rebuild, although they were all pretty good. There are a lot of strategies in the game itself, and the difficulty skyrockets in the harder modes (at least, for me it did! haha). Hmm... I liked almost everything about the game... the achievements, the story. Oh! The story! I haven't finished the game yet, but the story is very well written and events that happen in the story are good too! I would rate this a 10/10 and would recommend it to anyone who is interested in strategic games!"
76561198199227742,Recommended,257170,19740608,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mr.Lapras,"Fun little management/strategy game. The stupid blood could be made a bit easier to get through than 5 completely unrelated events that you can barely control. Not sure if this was changed since I last played, but oh well. Was a fan of the previous two games when they were flash games, this does not disappoint."
76561198006916361,Recommended,257170,25318098,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,shervster,"I give this a lukewarm positive rating.  You basically recruit and train like five types of residents who can build or fight or scavange etc., and you place them on areas on the map and have them do that thing.  You take land and defend it from growing zombie hordes and you do some trading.  It's a fun enough game, it doesn't have much depth or replayability.  Each level has a goal, but they're not that exciting.  I enjoyed playing it for some 20 hours, and now I'm done."
76561198147448109,Recommended,257170,27535318,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,axelwin,Very underaprecciated strategy game. Would definitily reccomend.
76561198040307701,Recommended,257170,26886827,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrFlugaFluga,i can't believe the fun little flash game i played years ago eventually become this awesome full game. Love it
,Recommended,257170,16366581,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,darkninja339,"I loved the first 2 and this one is FAR better than those. I love the story aspect to the game, and all the new features, its very fun."
76561198117813066,Recommended,257170,16408874,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,sheebyhabba,Overall entertaining.
,Recommended,257170,16688816,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,VG Purist,Game is easy even at higher levels once you understand the repetition of the game.Veterans to the franchise won't find too many things that sets it apart from the game's predecessors. However new players will find loads of hours of fun.https://youtu.be/pox2eITRENo
,Recommended,257170,17222869,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Corporate Shill,"This game is very reminscient of Chaos Overlords, and it's a fun little game to a point. Others have mentioned the tediousness of some of the tasks like exploring and I'll echo that complaint. I'll also add my disappointment on the limited functionality of the buildings. It would be nice if they had different buildings address different branches of the research tree, for example.Overall, it's good for several hours of entertainment, but I wouldn't pay too much for it."
,Recommended,257170,13559969,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Nyx,"Having never played Rebuild 1 or 2, I was a little wary of buying this game. Many thanks to the reviewer who suggested going online to play 1 and 2 (free), because that helped me to decide to buy this.It turned out even better than I expected. People who love management-type games will love this. I had a great time managing people, taking back the town, getting people's skills up, etc. That I could pause as I pleased (and make it turn-based if I wanted) made it even better. The addition of the overlays also took gameplay to an even more enjoyable level.The backstories are a bit of a drag after a while, and I found myself skipping over some. However, as the one negative I have to list, it's certainly not enough to stop anyone from having fun."
,Recommended,257170,15741429,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Rainlife,"A long time fan of both Rebuild 1 and 2, I was glad to see Rebuild 3 appear on Steam. The game stays true to its legacy and adds some nice new twists to the series (rivalling groups, character progress).  Strong minus point for me was the interface itself which somehow felt non-intuitive and clumsy.In general, a light hearted game that is easily learnt and provides lots of fun."
76561198156291914,Recommended,257170,15496835,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,spikepirece84,Best Game Ever.
,Recommended,257170,13255954,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,ilikewaffles88,"A great game to pass time, or play for hours all at once. Overall a great game. Also I commented on Rebuild 2 on Kongregate, and I asked if they could add limits to the materials you can use. I guess they must have listened to me, because it was added to this game. :DPros:You can name the survivors in your group.The art is a LOT better than the first two games.You can choose the size of your city.You can customize your character.You can start off with a pistol (be a cop), which I do almost every time, because you get a free gun, which is a weapon that is hard to find.There are limits to the materials that you use. Such as gasoline, ammunition, food, etc., making the game a lot more realistic.Cons:Still some bugs, such as most of the time when it's talking about a girl, it says ""he"" a lot.Almost every single time, all my people die because of malnutrition. Maybe it's just me, but I think food should be easier to find. I usually have to build 3 farms before my people aren't in constant need of food.If you have a bicycle, and there is somebody attacking you, and you need to choose something to do, you can choose to put gasoline in your bicycle, and run them over, and then after you do so, it says when you were finished, there was nothing but bodies scattered on the ground. Although this is very funny to gas up your bicycle and then run people over with it, it is still one of the many bugs that needs to be fixed.Overall rating: 9/10Value: 9.99 $15 is a but much, but still worth it."
,Recommended,257170,15554687,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Cakewalker@^^.be,"Gangs of Deadsville was already great and it just has gotten even better with every release. One of my favorite strategy games. Funny, challenging, original & unique."
76561198059612304,Recommended,257170,15502564,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Mringasa,"A board/simulation/turn-based 4x style game that gets better with each iteration. I thoroughly enjoyed the original Rebuild and Rebuild 2 on my cheap smartphone, and am loving all the new stuff in Rebuild 3.The developer took Rebuild 2 and expanded on it in just about every aspect. More intricate survivor-survivor mechanics (you don't want to do missions with your nemesis), a neat set of perks and abilities you can put on your survivors as they gain levels in their ability of choice to make them better, and the addition of NPC factions that will also be trying to survive and thrive in the zombie apocalypse of NW America/SW Canada. There's also a pretty nifty Campaign that is still being worked on, but adds an awesome mode to the otherwise random map/random size of the first 1.The game is almost 100% stable, I have had 1 or 2 crashes during Beta testing, and the amount of bugs/glitches reduces with every patch (monthly at the minimum, sometimes faster). A lot of these are cosmetic: him instead of her, using the wrong character name for an event, rather than gamebreaking.A couple minor issues I have (opinions only, nothing majorly wrong):The UI can be a bit cumbersome, especially lategame when playing on an Epic map.Not a big fan of the music. I just mute and kick in a playlist sometimes. It's okay, but it can get a bit repetitive.Playing on larger maps, there is a lot of micromanaging. It comes with the territory though. If you're controlling 30-50 survivors it's simple. When you have 100+ on 30-40 missions at one time, the message feedback and need to scroll continuously can get wearying..... that's really all the negatives I have for it.If you played 1 and 2, GET 3. GET IT NOW! It's that awesome.If you are new to the series, I'm not sure what to compare it to in order for you to get a good idea of what it's like. There's a mixture of a dozen different games/genres, all wrapped up in these pretty neat graphics and some dry humor thrown into the bowl. You might try Rebuild 2 on your phone/pad, it's pretty cheap in the various app stores, and see if you like it. If you do, then get this game!My Score: 9/10 (might go higher once the game is officially out and complete)"
76561197966458802,Recommended,257170,15408745,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Brennt,"While still in beta, loads of fun. Between gangs, zombies, survival, and managing relationships you won't get bored. Lots of replay value and a receptive development team.Just don't get caught playing it at work. :)"
,Recommended,257170,15422734,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,General Patton,I have at least 10 zombie games.  This is in the top 3 of the ones I currently play.  There is very good entertainment value for the money spent.  Support this developer! New campaign mode is very cool.  Dream team is sort of like Breakdown in State of Decay - except you don't have to be a twitch gamer here so it's relaxing.
,Recommended,257170,15313665,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Adams,Sarah rocks! As always. If you played free Rebuild 1 or 2 then you already know that the third one is worth buying. If you haven't then just give them a try.
,Recommended,257170,13278536,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,DarkSim,I really like this game! I just wish there was controller support...
,Recommended,257170,15287753,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,KPyle29,Great game loads of fun if you like the rebuild series i love the music in this it really adds to the atmosphere $15 might not be worth it though i would wait untill its on sale for around $10
,Recommended,257170,15055298,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Trainphreak,"A worthy successor to the popular Flash games. It's still in Early Access, so there's some stuff missing, but we're up to version 0.90.7 as I write this, so it's getting closer! I played a couple games back in the 0.60s or so and stopped because Rebuild 1 and 2 (which I got in the Deluxe version) worked better and felt better at the time. Now I'm not sure I'll ever play the old versions again!"
76561197971188230,Recommended,257170,28837484,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Voodoopitt,"I've been playing this series of games for a while on multiple platforms over the years and this one seems to further refine the ideas that she has developed over the course of these games. Managing your survivers while also trying to expand further out, while also trying to fortify what you already have established, while also dealing with the oncoming horde of zombies, while also trying to strengthen your best characters, while also managing your limited resources, while also manging all their interpersonal stuff lends to a fun game of trying to balanve all the spinning plates!Ultimately nothing is more satisfying than clearing out a whole city just because you've finally got to the position that you can!The only con: like most games in this genre, once you've established a ""method"" to winning, its hard to to lose. But that's the problem most games like this have, be they Civilization, Endless series or whatever!"
76561197993291628,Recommended,257170,31831242,Posted: 18 May,all,Cock Goblin,"This game is a lot like rebuild 2 which is available for free on the Internet, but has some nice improvements over the former such as gearing, traits, ai/factions and some lore/storyline if you enjoy that.  It allows for modding but unfortunately the modding currently is limited to units/gear/maps, meaning that there is no way to adjust the ui or 'hard coded' game mechanics.  This ultimately hurts the game because of several glaring issues that make the game exhausting to play and no one but the author can improve these issues.I rate the game 7 / 10 for its improvement of graphics and game mechanics.  The game is fun to play but you begin to become tired of it due to some repeatative actions / mechanics.  If these areas can be improved, I'd be more willing to recommend it to people, but in its current state, I can only recommend it to people who enjoyed rebuild 2."
76561198053283915,Recommended,257170,31803170,Posted: 17 May,all,sandrastarling,"I've been playing this for some time now. Fun and funny at times. This game is not really a PC game but more of a ""Phone/pad"" type game. I would wait for a sale to be honest. The learning curve is not too steep but once you get it you pretty much got it. Game play gets to be the same ol same ol after some time so be careful of mid game boredom. Overall it's a fun experience and interesting story."
,Recommended,257170,33433783,Posted: 10 July,all,G4mm4,"it's honestly kind of an addicting game. If you wanna try an earlier ""♥♥♥♥♥ier"" version, try looking for rebuild 2 on newgrounds or something. The gameplay isn't very deep, but it has this je ne sais quoi that made me sink 11 hours into it on day one. 7/10 I think? Hard to rate really."
,Recommended,257170,30155367,Posted: 24 February,all,MIZK,"Great game, I played the second on mobile, and freaked out when I heard a third was coming. Waiting for this game was like dying every day in anticipation, I remember I was so happy to practically throw cash at Northway, I bought it on mobile and PC. I do play mobile more than PC, simply because its on the go, but I try to get my moneys worth on PC. Definitely would strongly recommend this to anyone looking for a zombie survival game different from the norm."
,Recommended,257170,28893518,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Vladkins,"8/10 - very fun, loads of complexity layers+ Tactical RPG with excellent design elements+ Good take on the zombie genre+ Challenging at times until you get the hang of all the details the game has- Somewhat repetitive at times- Some actions could have been automated/number of clicks reduced especially when you get into the 100s of survivors"
,Recommended,257170,30048704,Posted: 19 February,all,Homuya [GER],"I am dissapointed, the reason why I give this a thumb up is because its by itself a good game, I just hate the artstyle and that everything is so childish and dumb, it does not feel like a zombie apocalypse, its a ♥♥♥♥ing children playground, I liked the earlier games far more by scenario/story than this. However, the gameplay isn't bad and it has some nice features which was entertaining me for quite a while."
76561198065311647,Recommended,257170,30027146,Posted: 18 February,all,Corepool,"A fun stratgey game with a good main plotline. Kinda feels like Civ Lite version (less complex but more or less the same thing).The only negative things I have to say about it are that it becomes repetative about halfway through the main campain, there's not enough variety in random events/factions. One kind of minor detail that really bugs the hell out of me though is that you encounter several of the same factions repeatedly over the course of the game. You're given the option to go to war with them and if you choose and when they're defeated you can murder all of them or have (make) them join you but their leader always mysteriously vanishes. I know it would have been a little more work but I wish all they all had local leaders so I didn't have to wipe out the same leader over and over again.I had fun throughout the entire main campain but I'm tempted to give this a bad review because the method to get good/true ending (no spoliers) is the most assbackwards obtuse thing I've seen in awhile. (I'm talkin I would literally never figure this out by myself on purpose or even by accident and even with a guide it's rough) but ultimately I had fun and once I power through to get this stupid ending I never have to do it again."
76561198119657559,Recommended,257170,29942263,Posted: 15 February,all,Brotney Spears,Honestly one of the best Zombie-themed games I've played in the past couple of years
76561198110148412,Recommended,257170,29410335,Posted: 21 January,all,gashbash,"always fun to play but replayability isnt what this game is about, but trying to get the ending you want is what makes it a fun challenge."
76561198019366608,Recommended,257170,19045027,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Gray_Paladin,"This is a wonderfully addictive game. You do gain favorites among your characters, and the tendency of the game to make you think of The Walking Dead all the time is very cool. The first city kicked my butt because I didn't realize how food worked -- you build or liberate farms even if you don't have anyone to farm them. (They make food by themselves.) I love the variety of events that come to play -- I don't know whether the game will suffer from sameness over time, butt I'm gonna make it show me. Two cities into it I'm still loving it.I just got a character that looks for all the world like Scary Carol from TWD, and she got all the deadliest bonuses without my trying (or cheating). I love her. I'm definitely taking her to the next city! (You get to take three with you, and that's cool!)It's amazing how serious a loss can feel when it's done in cartoons: I had a great leader in a cowboy hat, my Southern preacher. Leadership skill was up to 12 and he tried to talk some recruits into joining. They killed him. Wow. Yep. <sigh> Hit me very much by surprise. I can remember staring at the screen in shock decyphering it. Yep. The game has got me!Enjoy it. It's one of the ""just one more turn"" things that'll keep you engaged four hours after you shoulda gone to bed.By the way, if you've played the phone version, this one is better. The phone version is more prone -- with fewer features -- to leave you in an impossibly difficult situation. Updates and ingenious ideas have happened more often for the PC version...and it's a great time."
76561198161140040,Recommended,257170,33640277,Posted: 18 July,all,jnoland001,its quite fun but I believe it should have bigger city's tho
,Recommended,257170,33664968,Posted: 19 July,all,Mischievous Maenad,"I really enjoy this game which surprised me as I normally go for more micro, rather than macro, management. This title, while not heavy on the graphics, is very heavy on strategy and having to think through and constantly rework your plans. I like the concept of going from city to city to rebuild and it seems the difficulty increases as you move through each city. After four hours of play, I am still attempting to keep my second city's crew frm being mauled or dying of starvation.Now, on to the cons. The controls for this game are janky. As in FRUSTRATINGLY janky. One key point of annoyance is the stacking system for characters that are on the same tile. I have no idea how much time I've spent just trying to remove a character from a stack. Different actions are chosen from a wheel that appears when you place a character on a tile. Be prepared to either a) not see the correct options for that tile (like being given the option to build but not actually farm on a farm tile) or b) have the game decide for you what you should do, in which case you'll spend a few minutes moving the character back and forth just to get the option wheel back and pray for the best.The hordes do start coming in droves and you'll often find yourself in situations where three hordes are headed toward you from all sides and you only have two defensive characters who can handle the situation without everything falling apart. You manage your characters development and skills, sending them to a school you either build or reclaim to level them faster.Unfortunately, you are the only character who can train in multiple skills so the game places a large emphasis on specialization. Having 4 scavengers and only one builder can cause some serious problems.Would I recommend this game? Yes. But I would only do so for people who can have patience with the clunky controls. If you can get past that? I think you'll thoroughly enjoy this game."
,Recommended,257170,33730026,Posted: 22 July,all,jarcionek,"If you liked previous browser versions, this one is even better ;)"
76561198279864718,Recommended,257170,34471343,Posted: 24 August,all,jboscia,A fantastic turn-based survival game that keeps you on your toes as even when you think everything is going according to plan a random event kills your favorite character and jeopardizes your stability. The music is so easy to get stuck in your head.
76561197991278157,Recommended,257170,34069058,Posted: 6 August,all,knigt76,"I was on the fence about this game b/c I didn't like the idea of being penalized for turtling.  Turns out, the penalty is not horrendous.  I REALLY enjoy this game (check my hours, as I haven't played this game all the way through - if it changes by the end, I'll change this review).  I would suggest buying it at $15 or less.  I got it for $15 and already don't regret it.  Again, this may change.  :-)"
76561198030957496,Recommended,257170,34063821,Posted: 6 August,all,johnl89,"Simple but with enough depth to keep you going. A bit easy at first, but that changes with time. While it can be a bit repetitive, this is not the type of game in my opinion to sit down and knock it all out at once. This is casual fun for some good story-driven play."
,Recommended,257170,34034365,Posted: 5 August,all,shp3ck,"Great little game.  Lots of fun and even the story is interesting. You get to empathize with your caracters.Dropped over 20h in a perfectly good:) pirated copy before realizing the game is good if not underrated.I bought the deluxe edition more as a tribute and surprise, my campaign save game worked just fine. Was not expecting this.The game is not turn-based. I would like to see a transfer time of caracters between tile or just have the caracter icon move over different tiles on it's way to his destination.  Perhaps a  speed like 3sec/tile? as that would make everything more dificultThank you for this great little game. Will try 1 and 2 as well."
76561197999364551,Recommended,257170,34306396,Posted: 17 August,all,reptilianlover,"I find it a pleasent time sink, the strategy is not too deep, and it is blessedly free of bugs so far. I like the fact that they added a campaign to the process that was not there in versions 1 and 2 of the game."
,Recommended,257170,34882339,Posted: 11 September,all,Brandon,"I beta tested the old Rebuild 2 a ways back, though I doubt the Northways remember little ol' 12 year old me. I wasn't the best beta tester, didn't even get my name in the credits! I was too busy having fun to actually give feedback on the game. Same is true here. At first I was a bit put off by the move from a more photorealistic graphic styled characters to this more cartoony one. Then I realized this game is almost a direct upgrade in a lot of ways. You lose the ability to train a survivor in every skill like the last game, but this added more depth to the strategy that I eventually grew to appreciate. The story is good and classic-arcade era style where to get the best ending possible you will most likely find yourself restarting over and over again.If a Rebuild 4 ever comes out, I hope that there is some sort of way to interact between reclaimed cities, like an overworld map of some sort. I would sure love to have more than a new-game plus, which sadly brings me to the part where I must not give into nostalgia and give some fair critisims.The game gets dull once you've learned every nook and cranny. Once you know what each building does, and what the special ones can help you with you really have no reason to keep playing. You can only customize one character (your 'hero'), so you can't do a 'Me and my friends/family/celebrities against the world' sort of scenario which is always funs in games like this. After you reclaim a city, no matter how you do so, once you move on to the next city, nothing but stats carries over. It doesn't matter if you made a daring plane escape or set up some sort of government and moved on, the options have no weight in the new game plus. Speaking of endings, the game is lacking them. Rebuild 1 & 2 had multiple endings. This game, outside of storymode, which has about only three mind you, has two. The original Rebuild had multiple endings. Escaping to a secret cabin in the woods, curing the disease (which is now story mode exclusive), reclaiming the entire city was a little celebration, and an ending for cultists overunning your society, and that's only off the top of my head.Now I hope you aren't intimidated by that, but for those who don't like paragraphs, heres the TL;DR!Pros:* Campaign mode!* More strategic than the last instalments* More building variety than the last instalments* More items and weapons to equip survivors with* Perks to make survivors unique are a great addition and are really fun to play around with* Factions! Cities aren't so lifeless and now rival factions will try to reclaim the city for themselves now. Each one is unique and interesting!* Micromanagement isn't necessary, but it is rewarded. Making sure every survivor is doing their role every day helps a lot. If they aren't they are just passivley guarding, which helps too.Cons:* Quickplay has two endings, leave the city after being nice to/killing all the factions or escape via airplan* Can only customize your protagonist (No family/friend adventures unless you get lucky)* Power plant building provides a lab tech you can research within the first 90-180 days, whilst it will take you far longer to set up the power plant, if you are lucky enough to have one nearby that is.* Useless buildings remain useless, unlike Rebuild 2 where some of them could have blessings in disguise (Banks had a telegraph, which could be used to call Gustav the trader.* Explosives are a waste of resources, they level a building, forcing you to waste resources to rebuild it into something useful once you reclaim it. Yes its an isntant horde clear, but it is not worth the 5 rare, precious fuel you spent to get it.* Moving to a new city is just a fancy way of saying New Game+All in all I do love the game a lot, and I hope I have given you the insight you need to decide on that final purchase!"
,Recommended,257170,35118521,Posted: 21 September,all,Sar Queto,"interesting, but quite a bit repeating in each new game."
,Not Recommended,257170,35502211,Posted: 5 October,all,o-ooh~!! lick my feet daddy~!,"i've been playing the rebuild games ever since the first game.this game is really fun at first. you get to create your own character (even if the character creation screen is very limited) and it can even get really hard at times, its a great management game, i was having fun trying to level up my citizens and defending my town from hordes, as well as try to claim the rest of the town. it has a unique art style that you dont see often in videogames, and overall, will be liked by other management game fans.however, there isnt that much to offer after that. once you've beaten your second city, you already know what to do, and its the exact same thing every time. it doesnt help that it often repeats the exact same scenarios or the exact same faction even if you just had that faction in your previous city. and you can be bored with this game very very easily. and 15$ is just too high of a price for this game, its a shame, since ive played this series since the beginningdont buy this game unless it looks 100% interesting to you or if you really like management games. and even if your going to buy it. wait for a sale. dont buy it over 7$."
