user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,257350,10939697,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,saif3r,This game ruined my mid school grades. Now it's time for this game to ruin my marriage.
76561197961229178,Recommended,257350,8721285,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Drumheller,"Baldur's Gate - A 16 year old game stands up to the test of time, and it's co-op!So during the steam summer sale, a friend of mine bought me Baldur's Gate 1(Enhanced Edition) so we could play together(the 4 pack was 20 bucks). 6 months later, we had never played together once so I finally decided that I wanted to play, so I played it solo.Now there's a few things you should know about Baldur's Gate. The game was originally released in 1998. I played it while I was in high school my senior year. It introduced a LOT of new people to Dungeons & Dragons. It's a 3rd person isometric RPG in which you control all members of your party. It's paused based(instead of turn based), which means that when combat starts, you pause, issue commands, unpause, wait for something to happen, pause again, issue commands, etc, etc. There are lots of games with that type of system now, but as far as I know, BG was the first.So the way you're -supposed- to play it solo is to create one character and go along recruiting AI NPCs to join your party of up to six. Well you can get around all that by playing in multiplayer mode by yourself. Multiplayer mode lets you create all six party members and tweak them to your desire. You can also export/import different characters at any time. You can easily get away with this from an RP(roleplaying) perspective by saving your game in an inn and swapping party members in and out saying ""Oh I met this guy at this inn"". So to start with, I created my own party of 3: Human Fighter(me), Paladin, and Cleric, then I pick up NPCs along the way. Not completely satisfied with the NPCs in game, I finished the game with 5/6 party members self generated, and only one in-game NPC(Yeslick the Dwarven Fighter/Cleric). If you enjoy character creation and tweaking things and micromanaging party members, gear, stats, and other RPG elements, this game is definately for you.Lets talk about the story. This is where the game really drew a lot of people in. For those of you that have already played, you know what I'm talking about. I'm not going to spoil it for anyone that may play the game in the future(even if it IS 16 years old), but it's a great, great story that lets you choose your own path. Of course my path is that of the good soldier fighting for... well... good. But if you enjoy the darker side of things, it's always allowed, which a lot of games give you trouble doing. You can lie, cheat, steal, and murder and still complete the game.Oftentimes now that I'm in my 3rd decade of life, I've gone back and tried to play games from my childhood that I remember really enjoying, and graphically none of them have stood up to the test of time(X-Com, Doom, etc). Since all of the assets in BG are more or less hand drawn and the enhanced edition lets you play at your native resolution, the game still looks pretty damn good, especially amidst the recent indy dev 8 bit gaming boom. So graphically, it passes the test. The environments are pretty freakin cool too. A whole lot of unique, hand drawn areas that I had forgotten about since I first played a long time ago that made me say ""huh, cool"" when I came across them recently.And now let's talk difficulty. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this game hard. It's been so long since I've played a game that didn't just blatantly hold my hand and coddle me the whole way through I'd forgotten what it's like to play a game that punishes you. AD&D 2.0 core rules are a huge ♥♥♥♥♥ and completely unforgiving. There are 5 difficulty levels in the game:-Easy - Everything does half damage, all hit point gains per level are maximized, and characters can't permanently die.- Normal - Everything does 75% damage, all hit point gains per level are maximized, and characters can't permanently die.- Core Rules - Everything does 100% damage, hit point gains are randomized(so you can get as little as 1 hp/level on your badass front-line fighter that needs ~10 hp/level), and characters can permanently die.- Hard - Everything does 150% damage- Insane - Everything does 200% damage and you are a satan worshipping masochistI may have added that last little part on the insane bit.So being the badass gaming veteran I am, I of course choose Core Rules. I understand what THAC0 is, I know what the different classes are, I know how to D&D. I'm good.Or so I thought.I'm actually not as good as I had thought. I had to do a LOT of fights multiple times because Jesus Christ, this game can be hard. Mostly with the crowd control abilities the enemies get(note - If you fight against a group that has a mage, KEEP YOUR PARTY SPREAD OUT just like in ArmA). A lot of times I'd get hit with an AoE fear or confuse or stun, etc, etc, etc. It could be infuriating, but I kept re-loading and going at the fights in different manners from different angles, and analyzing my party and their abilities and switching things around until finally, at the end of the game, I had SOME sort of idea of what I was doing... I thought... until the final battle.Let's just say that the final battle in Baldur's Gate had me curled up in a fetal position in the corner of my room praying to Torm asking him what I had done so poorly to have been punished so badly.So somewhere between 20 and 50 attempts later, I managed to defeat the final boss and win the game. I even had to google strategies for the final boss. I actually felt a sense of accomplishment like I haven't felt in a game in a long, long time. The funny part is, 17 year old me beat the game in 1998 without the internet for guidance. I have NO CLUE how I managed that feat.So I immediately went to steam and bought Baldur's Gate 2 enhanced edition, even though it's not on sale, and started a new game. This time, however, I'm playing on normal mode. It seems to be a much better balance of playability vs difficulty. I've still lost some fights, but I've learned a whole damn lot and built my party around the strengths needed.I have a Cavalier paladin because he: 1. Can't be feared, charmed, mind controller, or poisoned; and 2. He can make the entire party immune to fear pretty much all the time. He's also a badass tank alongside my main character which is a frontline fully maximized fighter with sword and shield. I also have a pure Dwarven Cleric, Fighter/Thief, Fighter/Mage, and Dragon Disciple Sorcerer. I dual classed the Thief and Mage with Fighter bases so they could use longbows for good DPS instead of being relegated to a shortbow and a sling. The nice side to that is that they get fighter HP for their first 7 levels so they're pretty beefy on top of it all.I just pretend(roleplay) that my entire group is a squad of trained military soldiers that have been sent on a mission, so they almost all have that base fighter class from their military training.So I have 2 tanks(FIghter/Cavalier Paladin), a pure healing Cleric, and 3 pure DPS(Thief/Mage/Sorcerer). But don't be fooled, that fighter and paladin can put out some melee hurt too. The cleric is really the only non-dps class. Oh... Make sure you -always- have a thief in your party with the script that makes him passively detect traps. Trust me on this. You don't necessarily need a thief/rogue that can stealth, but you damn sure need one that can detect/disarm traps and pick locks.And on that note, there are pre-set scripts that you can use for each character. There are about 20 for all the different classes in the game to mess around with. I pretty much have my whole group on the standard ""I see an enemy and attack with my equipped weapon"", except for my rogue, who is set to always passively detect traps when not in combat, and my cleric who is set to dynamically run around and heal. I micromanage everything else(mage spells mostly).Read the rest of this review here:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Jester814/discussions/0/648817377413793428/"
,Recommended,257350,7714320,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Big Rat,"I bought the original back in 2000 in a box. Back when we were still buying game in box. It became my favorite game of all time and is still is. Devollopper dont make games like that anymore. It is based on the D&D 2nd edition set of rules. It have the most depth story, a lot of side quest and the main quest is one of the best written I ever saw. The interaction between your party members is even better than anything done recently like Dragon age or Mass EffectThe enhaced edition add some cool features to the UI to simplify thing and make it easier for gamer to enjoy it, without removing its hardcore gameplay or any game design. There is 4 new playable NPC with their quest line and they are really awesome. There is more dialogue line and quest and a whole new campaign called ""Black Pit 2"" along with the original expension ""Throne of Bhaal"". I cant recommend this enouph to any fan of cRPG. 100/100"
,Recommended,257350,7671745,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Jester,"This has always been my favorite game of all time by a long, long shot. There's a Pacific Ocean of distance between this game and my №2. I've replayed this about 6 times already, doing every possible quest in each playthrough, and will be replaying it at least once every two years. No other RPG to this date created this level of interactivity, immersion and replayability. Worth about 10x Witchers, 5x Skyrims and 3x Mass Effects to me."
76561198052313621,Recommended,257350,16899935,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Nazrat,"I played this with my friend, we had been waiting for years upon years to play this game on multiplayer and were SO excited for the enhanced edition. Like for 10+ years we waited for this to happen, and it finally did.And oh boy, was I disappointed.All that time, he had said that he solod the entire game as a Paladin, cutting through everything, chopping it all to bits, but oddly he never took the conversation further when I started namedropping specific items and builds.I know why.I will tell you why.We have just escaped the mindflayer prisons and are finding a way out.Me- ""Wait, let me open the door and we will pull them here and trap them.""Him- *Charges in and gets killed in 3 hits by mindflayers*We are helping the rebellion of a sahuaguin prince who wants to overthrow a usurper to his throne and wander into a pit of zombies that poison us with every hit.Me- *Surrounded by monsters, low on health, poisoned, pauses the game to choreograph a battle plan*Him- ""Stop pausing the game, let me win!!!""Me- ""No, wait, I'm a druid, let me figure this out or I'm toast, I'll buff you with haste.""Him- ""WHY WON'T YOU LET ME WIN!!"" *Spams unpause so I think sod it, I die, he dies*Him- ""HAHAHAHAH""We find ourselves confronted with some kind of puzzle, 6 treasure chests lay in a circle around us and the floor is riddled with traps.Me- ""Ok, let me disarm all the traps.""Him- *Charges across the room, gets turned to stone* ""Reload.""Me- ""No it's okay, I'll stone to flesh you."" *Stone to flesh on him*Him- *Walks into exactly the same trap, turns to stone*Me- ""Why did you do that?"" *Rests, stone to flesh on him*Him- *Walks into the same trap again*Me- ""Stop doing that, are you dumb?"" *Rests, stone to flesh on him*Him- *Finally stops, lets me disarm all the traps on the floor*Him- *Walks around the room opening all of the chests one by one, eating acid arrows, magic missiles, and then finally a death spell*Him- ""Reload.""Me- ""No, I can revive you."" *Revives him* ""Just stand right there don't move."" *Disarms every single trap*Him- *Opens all the chests takes all the items equips the +4 spear on his other character*Me- ""That's an upgrade for me can I have it?""Him- ""BRB."" *for 45 minutes*We are in the sewers under the city and encounter a particularly nasty pack of bandits who killed us on two attempts to fight them head on.Me- ""Ok wait here, I will pull them to us one by one, they are tough man, the spellcasters cast stuns so we need to get them alone.""Him- ""Ok.""Me- *Moves toward them slowly to get aggro, notices he's running up behind me, pause it* ""Wait back there, please.""Him- *silence*Me- ""OK? Wait back there ok??""Him- *silence*Me- *unpauses it*Him- *Charges passed me and attacks them all, gets stunned, gets killed*We get ambushed in a lodge in the windspear hills, we are low level compared to this area and quest but we are powering through. He gets killed playing with a solo mindset and trying to take on a heavily armoured dwarf who is cleaving a third of his health with each hit and a couple of his lackeys. I manage to take on the wizard by myself and use up my last healing spell keeping myself alive, as I know my friend is dead and I've already wasted my other charges on him.Him- ""Why didn't you heal me? It's your job.""I rooted and managed to kill the lackeys using bear form and using my potions. With just me and the dwarf left, I notice that he really does hit mega hard and decided to run out of the house to try and lose aggro and catch a rest. He didn't stop following me, and 2 wild dogs came out of nowhere and attacked me too. In a moment of true tension I turn 180 and run straight passed the dwarf with dogs in tow. To my sheer amazement and relief, the dogs started attacking the dwarf and he stopped to fight them!! In the moments of freedom I got, I casted a root spell from out of view distance and then ran inside the house.I noticed I still had my daily heal spell up, so I used it on myself, getting me to about half health and I turned into a bear and waited. In comes the dwarf, mad as hell and covered in dog's blood. The next 10 seconds were a blur. He hits me, hard, I'm one hit from death. I hit him, he misses. I hit him again, he misses. I miss.... he misses, then I kill him with a final maul to the face. PHEW!!!!!Carrying all of his gear, I only have enough strength in bear form to carry it plus his corpse to the temple in the city to revive him. So I trundle across the land carrying him and all of his gear over my back, as a bear. By far the most epic and tense moments I've EVER HAD in any RPG, ever. Full stop.Him- ""If you didn't pause it so much I would have killed them. It's so annoying when you're pausing it all the time""Me- ""Did you see what happened? It was epic man.""Him- ""No I was chatting with my bro in his room.""The game is full on amazing, always has been, always will be. The new characters are a little annoying and I ended up turning the girl in the copper coronet to stone because she wouldn't shut up about going to the crypt to find the treasure, like literally she went on about it nonstop and her voice.... argh.... she makes a pretty statue.But just make sure you have a teammate who understands what this game is all about, understands tactics, is patient and has an IQ above 80.10/10"
,Not Recommended,257350,23482978,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Valak Morghulis,"Allright, at first I have to mention one thing: I am a big fan of BG 2 and it is still my most beloved RPG ever. The Enhanced Edition used to be pretty good: some good upgrades, better graphics, changes to make the gameplay more comfortable. It was ok and I liked it. I'd rate BG2: EE 9+/10 back then.However, everything good must come to the end in some point. For this game, the point was 2.0 update. I've run the game and I couldn't recognize it. What have you done to my favourite RPG, Beamdog?! What the heck is this abomination? Deafult spell autocast, tips popping up everywhere, highlighting the map so you know where you can go (WTF), health bars, completely demolished journal... What is this? Baldur's Gate 2: Version for people withParamecium caudatumIQ? Are you f****n' kiddin' me?! You, Beamdog, have completely ripped of the good old spirit, the soul of this brilliant game. That's a thing I can never forgive you. Shame on you. Give my beloved BG back, you disgustig thieves.Until there's no possibility to go back to the previous version of the game, it isn't worth playing. Sorry. I think I better go to my shelf, take the old CD version of Baldur's Gate 2 and install it, so I can save at least few of my nerve cells.A little PS: of course some of those annoying things can be disabled in the options menu, yes. And yes, I know about that possibility. But still: you can't do it with the all bad things Beamdog has done to this game. Plus: it's just the fact itself that annoys me the most: why the hell spell autocast, autoattack, automatic trap finding etc. is set as DEAFULT? It's just like Beamdog saying: ""We think that most of the players are r-e-t-a-r-d-e-d by deafult, so we set all those options on in advance; they can of course disable them later, if they figure out that they aren't r-e-t-a-r-d-e-d at all."" Still, even if you make a massive disabling in the options, the game won't be that good as it was before 2.0 patch. Thank you. The end."
76561197978873114,Recommended,257350,13978484,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Army Pea,"I disliked BG1 yet I loved BG2.This is a BG2 EE review and while im sitting here writing it, i cant help but reference the start of an epic story which is BG1.There are many people who will write that BG , as a series, is complete story of your character as they follow the path from start, middle and end of their own destiny.I cannot argue with this valid point.Yet I found that BG1 was clearly made from a company (Pre- EA Bioware) that had grand ambition , scope and excellent writing but didnt know how to implement this all into a single game.What came from the end of BG1 was the experience , scope and confidence to make a vastly superior game in BG2.When starting a new character in BG2 , all the back story that exsisted in BG1 is told to you in the opening trailer of the game. Who you are and what you have done have been generalised in a way that starting off in BG2 verses playing the first title of the series doesnt leave you lost.Infact, anything you may have lost in terms of playing BG1 is redoubled in the amazing expansion called Throne of Bhaal, which takes the story of your past , present and potential future to levels that werent even touched on in the first title.This expansion is included in BG2 EE so if you choose to buy this remaster , you will miss very little in terms of story.If your old enough to remember Terminator and then watch Terminator 2 year later will understand this completely because they share a common trait.  The second incarnation is so vastly superior to the first that there is no need to experience/watch the first.Im not going to beat a dead horse on the actual review of BG2:EE.There are so many amazing reviews online that illustrate , far better than i could , all of the brillant traits that make this game one of the BEST RPG's of all time.What stands out for me is the writing and PACE of the game.Bioware crafted BG2 in a way , in the quest structure, that you never feel very far off the beaten path towards the end. All the side quests are meant to compliment the main story in some way or another.And the side quests are easily the BEST of any RPG ive ever played.That is not to undermind the main story at all, but only reiterate the strength of how impactful the side quests are.I mentioned the pace of the game and I wish there was a virtual table I could bang to get this point across.There are so many past and present RPG's I play where I get so wrapped up in the vast open nature of a game that the main quest or objective becomes a second priority.This isnt the case in BG2.BioWare cleverly crafted a way to keep the story in focus but give the player all the time they needed to explore and experiment. When you were ready, the story took main focus and ran forward at amazing speeds.By the end of BG2 you feel satisfied. It truely is a complete story.Yet if you feel is there more to the backstory that hasnt been complete, the expansion Throne of Bhaal answers them.This expansion was made before the invention of DLC. Its a TRUE expansion with 20-30+ hours of content and RICH , character driven story. It could possibly be the best expansion ive played in my life.It ends the story of a character you started from BG1 and ends it in excellent fashion.This review was writtten for a very esoteric perspective. Made for a RPG fan who doesnt mind the learning curve of a good game and appreicates a epic story.  If there are gamers out there of this nature who havent played this game, I hope this review helps.In the end, BG2 stand alone as one the best games ive ever played. It is a reminder that story, characters and solid gameplay trump impressive graphics and superfical gameplay.Im old enough to see the progression of gaming in a unique perspective.  I owned pong, i watched nintendo and sega battle out in console wars that lasted 3 generations of systems, the rise of the X-box and sony into the market and a game that was so massive that 12M people played it online at the same time.Yet through all of this , even more than once when ive been amazed at a technical breakthrough, its how games have impacted me intellectually and emotionally that have stuck with me through the years.This is one of those games."
,Not Recommended,257350,23372307,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,scizyr,"Thank gods I backed up my entire BG2 directory the last time I played.  I added a couple player-made mods that I didn't want to have to scour the net to find again the next time I wanted to play.I heard people screaming about Beam Dog molesting my 2nd favorite game of all time and against my better judgement, I gave Beamdog the benefit of the doubt.  I installed it cleanly from Steam and loaded it up, started creating a new character and felt like I'd just taken a sip of beer spiked with Rohypnol.  I continued though determined to see all the changes they've made.  ""Surely they can't have completely destroyed this masterpiece."" I foolishly told myself as I finished creating my character.""Oh god, those sprites look terrible"" These were my first words upon seeing the opening scene with Jon Irenicus. Every sprite now has gaudy thick black outlines, completely ruining the way the original developers seamlessly melded their spritework with the prerendered backdrop of the game world.  I hurredly retreated to the options menu to tweak everything as best I could back to the original.  The menus look so tiny now on my 23 inch monitor.  The UI overall doesn't scale well how it did before.The map is awful, the journal is awful, the character sheet is awful, the inventory is awful, the spellbook is awful.  Even the gods damned Save/Load screen is awful!  How could Beamdog mess up this badly?  It's like they purposely made everything worse, piece by piece.I can tell a lot of things they changed for ""streamlining"" but this is a classic crpg.  We know how to play D&D computer games, we learned how when the game first came out with no problem.  Why do you feel the need to dumb this down?I didn't continue playing this way.  How could I?  I'm not a fan of people staying in marriages where the husband continually beats and rapes his wife, and that is what Beamdog is doing to every fan of the Baldur's Gate series.  Something truly wicked is happening within this company.  I saw the signs when that accursed liberal politics expansion was released for Baldur's Gate I.I opened up my archived BG2 install directory and copied the entire contents over this new patch, I've erased the abomination from my own PC, but I won't stop there.Beamdog, this is directly for you.  I am going on a full assault against you.  You are Jon Irenicus holding my sister prisoner and experimenting on her in disgusting and abhorrent manners.  I'm going to assemble a party and come after you. You will roll back these changes, you will publicly apologize for being child molestors of all Baldur's Gate fans.  And you will relinquish your rights of this game to a different group who will treat it and its fans with the respect it deserves.I never thought I would be posting a negative review of one of the greatest games of all time.  Look at what you've made me do.All you had to do was fix some bugs.  Instead you wanted war.  Well, now you've got it."
76561198072600899,Recommended,257350,23807351,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,0pulent,"Lots of people seem to be complaining about version 2.0 of the game, not realising that you can roll the game back to version 1.3 (i.e. the version with the bug fixes but without the bs) under beta programs within the steam client. You don't have to play version 2.0 if you don't want, and version 1.3 is the best version of the enhanced edition due to bug fixes."
76561198012962211,Not Recommended,257350,9072809,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Tallowhand,"Fun, but bugged beyond all belief. The ""Enhanced"" version is actually WORSE than the original -- and that simply should not be! EG: 1) At least one of the ""rez"" spells DOESN'T -- it merely harms the caster and leaves the dead character dead. 2) The pathing of the characters, whether controlled by the player or the AI, is almost offensively nonsensical, resulting in members of the party wandering off in the OPPOSITE direction of where they are supposed to be heading or taking the most circuitous and perilous path to a space mere feet away. The AI will often halt a character mid-path and just leave them there, meaning you may find yourself missing a member of your party during an important battle. 3) The voices cut in and out, sometimes not even finishing sentences or words. 4) The ""triggered"" dialogue will sometimes skip ahead several steps, ruining some potential romances and preventing the player from making their own choices. 5) The AI-controlled party members will often disengage or cease attacking enemies, and casters will often stop casting spells or just freeze mid-spell. What is more, many characters will freeze in the middle of drinking a potion, meaning they receive no benefit from the potion but also cannot/will not fight back when attacked. 6) Many NPCs will simply stand in place, refusing to move, which can be game-breaking if they are blocking the only doorway or path to a game-crucial location. 7) Characters can have the wrong abilities for their class and/or race.It's so bad, it's virtually unplayable at points. Sometimes you have to start the entire game over again and hope that an issue won't occur again. I've literally seen people in the official forums advising new players to just uninstall this and get the original, older version because it (ironically) has LESS bugs than this new ""Enhanced"" edition. A tragic wasted opportunity to revive a classic rpg."
76561198167793330,Not Recommended,257350,23782373,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,AquaTeam123,"Beamdog ReviewI never write negative reviews. I love supporting companies by providing positive feedback and encouraging people like Beamdog to remaster our favorite games. This review isn't about the game or any of the gameplay mechanics. Nooooo, this review is about something so much worse than I let on. I have played Baldur's Gate 2 since I was 8 years old and it has been so near and dear to me that I cannot begin to express how elated I was at owning the remastered version, which is practically the only readily available version left online. So this review isnt about the game, but about the company and their ""liberties"" they have taken on our beloved classic-- A classic game so timeless, it is frequently listed as one of the best games and RPGs of all time.What did Beamdog do that was so bad?Beamdog, I want to personally and come out and say for all fans of BG2  that bought your game..Why?This game became less about remembering about the times we played it when we were kids or young adults, and more about putting Beamdog's dreaded arbitrary personal stamps all across BG2's UI.1. Reconfiguring the spellbook (this just ripped my soul out of me)2. Entirely scrapping the character portrait screen and replacing it with  uncountable nuances that make it hard to even describe what was there before.3. Changing the map display4.Changing the inventory screen5.Changing weapon icons6. Simplifying item statistics7. Changing the journal8. God just too many to count...Baldur's Gate 2 is GruelingMaking this game more accessible and user friendly isn't what fans of BG2 want. We want the challenge we remembered and the time consuming, rewarding experience of this perfectly crafted game. The game simply has little room for improvement on its original construction, besides some of its outdated graphics. We want all the quirks of the original game, and the massive game that Black Isle created, not Beamdog.These Details Might be SmallBut they matter more than one single change that was made for ""optimal"" organization or helpfulness. Baldur's Gate 2 isn't supposed to hold your hand and it shouldn't be changed like this. People that buy this game, including me, that are disappointed, will personally go out of their own way to make this barely recognizable classic fail and your company to lose the privledge of meddling with a piece of art so valuable, it proved to be too much for your company to responsibly manage with respect, and care to the creators, as well as the die hard fans.Art is often said to belong to the public once it is crafted, because it exists with flaws, and is in our memories. We connect with these pieces of work on a level that we can see in ourselves, and our past. Everyone that enjoyed this game when it was released played one of the greatest games of all time.Beamdog, do yourself a favor and fix this trash or let some other capable company fix what you have destroyed, because this isnt art anymore, its trash that I have to tolerate. Im a positive person and have always tried to be, but this is just awful.Whatever you do...DONT BUY THIS GAME"
76561198011362068,Recommended,257350,12923039,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Battle Brother Invictus,"With Fallout 2 and Planescape;Torment, Baldur's Gate II is one of the great gems of roleplaying, a timeless classic. Even after 14 years it is still a great game, atmosphere, depth, story wise, a masterpiece, a once in a lifetime game.The story is gripping and epic enough to keep one thinking about it long after finishing the game.There are countless quests and many different classes, epic battles and incredible humour (don't kill The Eye of the Beholder before you enter the under dark, makes for one of the funniest re-encounters in game in Throne of Baal), and last but not least gripping dialogues!For anyone who likes RPGs, well worth a visit!P.S.And the MUSIC! The Intro Music still gets me going after all these years!"
,Not Recommended,257350,23247444,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,RXver2,"WTF have you done beamdog.I have not played this game in few months, so i decided to have a quick go after reading about whole ""2.0"" controversy.And I must say i agree with most of people that this is pure gar♥♥♥♥♥.I really don't understand why beamdog would do this. It's not like there were people demanding to make this game garbage or anything. I don't see the point of this ""upgade""What was the point beamdog?"
76561198271099849,Not Recommended,257350,23494186,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,yyjenniferyy,"Once this game was an unparalelled piece of art. It was probably the best game ever made. But then some idoits thought it was good idea to tamper with perfection. And now it isn't worth my spit.Now the game is sluggish and it's not like the graphics were improved. It's just sluggish...BUT WAIT! There's more. They also decided that it was a good idea to change the dialoge because it didn't fit their notions of pc. How did they miss the memo that this is a freaken RPG? The appeal of an RPG isn't in perfect cookie cutter charaters that always ""behave"" the way they should. That's boring and stupid. A good RPG has vibrant and dynamic characters that have flaws as well as strengths.I keep hoping that Beamdog will see the light and fix the crap they've done to this game... But I'm not feeling to hopeful. What's really shocking is that they think any fan of this game is likely to buy their sequel to Baldur's Gate II. I'm disinclined from ever buy anything from Beamdog after the mess they've made here. And from looking at message boards and the like I don't think I'm the only one."
76561198072314186,Not Recommended,257350,22169999,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,bjc2222,"OMG - What have you done?  The original game is the definitive RPG.  Beamdog have just done what to it with the v2.0 ""update""? This is no update, v2.0 EE is to BG2 what the fourth Indiana Jones film was compared to its predecessors, the difference being Spielberg only crapped all over the new film whereas Beamdog have taken the game I was in the middle of playing and made the UI, in particular the character arbitration screens, almost unfathomable even to someone who is a veteran of D&D style RPG's.  I don't care that you've added the Google maps zoom level view - what use can that honestly provide anyway when you are limited by line of sight??This has to go down as as bad an ""update"" as Windows 8 was, unless there is a way to back out the v2.0 or Beamdog release a v2.1 which reverts certain ""updates"" or allows the users the choice of the ""updated"" or the better view I will no longer play EE, I will get out my old discs and play through them.In summary, I would no longer recommend BG2EE it's like some hideous modders w*nkfest, I would however highly recommend BG2 - it's a great game, an epic game, a game that has yet to be truly surpassed with a very effective UI already in situ - the only thing I'd really miss from BG2 EE is the looting bar.Way to go Beamdog, looks like you've also lost a future sale of Windspear too"
76561198074278565,Not Recommended,257350,23717872,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,alsatravel,"I just... I dont know why you would do this. I call to mind the ancient painting of Jesus in Spain that the nun tried to restore, making him resemble a downs chimpanzee. This is that you have done Beamdog. You have turned my Jesus painting, that I have been playing since before i could masturbate, into a chimpanzee with an extra chromosome. TAKE THE CHROMOSOME BACK!-Respectfully..."
76561198087819586,Not Recommended,257350,23231300,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,skypot,"I have played this game serval times from start to finish, the story, rpg and magic is really good, but upto now, I changed my mind since the developer has altered the main system and muddled the game up... I really dont understand why all developers like to muddle wonderful and successful title to something everyone hated.... what kind of people are working for game developement??Fast casher, little brain and dont listen...."
,Recommended,257350,17581918,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Stupid Jerk,"I grew up with this game. It's one of my favorites of all time. The story is quite good, and there are so many different party/class configurations that will keep you coming back for more. There are a huge number of quests, a great deal of them with hours worth of content and multiple outcomes. Every class has their own unique quest chain, and there are numerous others for each side of the alignment spectrum. The game is hugely improved over Baldur's Gate 1, and there are even a few small improvements here over BG: EE.I like the additions that Beamdog made, but it's worth noting that this game is still very, very buggy - especially in online multiplayer. Unfortunately, it seems like they've created more problems than they've fixed. It can be tolerated or worked around, but people who have the original and are thinking of upgrading to this should perhaps weigh their options. If you're looking to play multiplayer, expect to see good old Biff the Understudy fairly often.My personal favorite additions are the hugely reduced load times, auto-loot, and the conveniently organized/bulleted journal. I haven't played around a lot with the new NPCs, but I like them a lot so far. Their romance options, however, seem incredibly superficial at present. There is now a same-sex option for both males and females respectively, so that's nice, though both of these NPCs are unfortunately evil.This version is compatible with a lot (although not all) of the countless mods created for this game over the last fifteen years, allowing you to configure your gameplay experience if the hundreds of hours of vanilla content aren't enough for you.I cannot recommend this game enough, and that extends also to the first game. They're just fantastic."
76561198073268469,Not Recommended,257350,23019112,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,GrandMajora,"BEAMDOG, WHAT THE HECK!?For old players returning after a long absence, you will immediately recognize a massive change in the UI thanks to some alterations by the aforementioned company. Black borders around the menu screen regardless of resolution, the Barbarian is tossed into the Fighter sub-class category, the original new portraits are replaced with some new-new portraits, and a slew of bugs and incompatability problems that make the game bug out more than it ever has before.Some mage specialties are impossible to play as (such as Transmuter) because now you need to have a specialty school assigned for every rank during character creation. Except the problem is that not every school has a spell at every rank, which means character creation comes to a screeching halt when selecting your skills.Making any kind of spell caster is a pain too, because they decided to throw away the Pick For Me option and make it automatically pick for you; as if you're too stupid to make your own decisions. Which means you have to manually go back, unlearn all these spells and pick new ones every time.I love Baldur's Gate and Baldur's Gate II and was perfectly happy with the original Enhanced Edition until they pulled this crap. This is exactly what happened with Starwars Galaxies. The owners had an awesome game, tried to make it into something entirely new, and ended up with a colossal screw up that lead to their game dying out completely!BEAMDOG, you broke the golden rule of game design: YOU DON'T MESS WITH PERFECTION!"
,Recommended,257350,12669505,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ogiogigoi,"Well, the game was already a masterpiece when it was out, only to be seconded by Planespace: Torment for some (not me). Therefore, the base quality is still there. The original game had beautiful 2d artwork used as locations and they held their eye candy to this day.What needed work was the paper dolls, spell effects, the UI, screen resolution (original one only supported 800 x 600 and 640 x 480) and one of the nightmares: 64 bit compatibility.The initial release had bugs but at the moment, this game is quite solid. The story itself is probably one of the best modules ever written for Forgotten Realms. The characters (original ones) are all quite fun in their way and the newly added ones somewhat blend in. Although, they are neither as interesting as the original cast (like Minsc, Edwin or Jensen) nor their voice acting matches the quality of the original NPCs. Still, they don't disturb you much.I have probably played and completed Baldur's Gate 1, Tales from the Sword Coast, Baldur's Gate 2 and Throne of Bhaal over 20 times, modding them to the bone. Nowadays, I am replaying the EE and I am quite happy that it helped me return to an already favorite, not causing issues with my high end rig. I am already halfway through the game, saving Imoen, and wife laughs at me whenever she sees me mimic the NPCs and their war cries.Now that Pillars of Eternity and Torment: Tides of Numenera are coming, it would be nice to re-visit this masterpiece."
76561198036035096,Not Recommended,257350,23460525,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Scaramouche the Merciless,"You have been waylaid by Beamdog and must defend yourself.There is no punishment on Earth that fits the crime of this hideous mockery of a once beautiful work of art.You should all be ashamed.I know that I am not alone when I say♥♥♥♥ you Beamdog.You can fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥..or you can be remembered as the murderers of one of the greatest games ever made.""....Yes Boo, I agree. This group could do with a swift kick in the morals...."""
76561197976715485,Recommended,257350,10856243,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Gumrucker,Do you like RPGs? Story? Dungeons? Dragons? Miniature Giant Space Hamsters?  If you said yes to any of these things. Buy this game. It's on a lot of people's best game of all time lists.  I play it again at least one a year.  Just do it.  Or buy it ongog.com.  DOOO EEEET
76561198006616632,Recommended,257350,7744563,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Reha,"Baldur's gate is one of my best game ever. But does this enhanced edition worth his price? I don't think so. Sure there is some improvement here and there. But not  that much and the new content is no big deal compared to the mods released through the years (BG Trilogy, Unfinished Business, Ascension ... ). Still if you didn't have the chance to play this game on his glorious day and if your are comfortable with english this is a good oportunity."
,Recommended,257350,8364587,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Weckar,"Was the best in genre, is still the best in genre."
76561198124719670,Recommended,257350,18538311,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,God Emperor,"9.5/10Perhaps the best rpg i've ever played, I didnt think id be able to get into it with it being so dated and all but i got sucked in again like it was my first time in amn.pros:-the combat is awesome, the d&d rules and dice roles feel great and make the game challenging with just the right amount of luck and strategy-no shortages of interesting characters, really engrossing story, you'll be dissapointed whwn it ends simply because there is no more-you always get good loot, all the weapons and armor feel unique, like they had a story before you were in the world and somehow you came across them and your going to add to their legend-this is a personal reason, I liked the way it felt like you and your companions are traveling large distances to go on your quests, the combination of distance and time really make you feel like you and your party are really going through hell together and bonding along the way, the only game that has come close to recreating that feeling for me was dragon age origins at the campsites and such, I cant tell you how happily exhausted I was when I escaped the underdark for the first timecons:-The pathing, dear god the pathing is so bad, the battles can be quite big and confusing so its a bit frustrating when your tank gets stuck at a crate at the back of the fight or decides to take the long way around simply because your mage blocked the doorway for 1/2 a second,but it dosent take away from the game at all"
76561198091388696,Not Recommended,257350,22170214,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Nightstalker7271,"I am posting this on both the review for this game, and the first in the series, Baldur's Gate: Enhanced edition.I absolutely LOVE this game, and everything about it, and the other game in the series. I loved the combat, the UI was tight, everything was well-polished when Beamdog re-released the game. I was actually in the middle of a run through the entire game on the hardest difficulty with only the main character...Before IT happened.The update to Siege of Dragonspear affected both games, and it's been nothing but negative for me so far. I can no longer access the Command Console (used for fixing the many glitches that can happen here and there), the UI is buggy and, when it does work, is clunky and, frankly, ugly as sin itself. My saves have all disappeared into the wind, and my character's data has become ridiculously bugged (Level 34 at the tail end of Throne of Bhaal suddenly turning into a level 17 with all of the items from her run through BG1 and 2? What?) and more.Before now, I would have recommended this series in a heartbeat. This game, nearly two decades ago, defined and revived a dying RPG era. But now? Now it's nearly impossible to play. And, unfortunately, it was the fault of the people who brought it back in the first place.--HOW BEAMDOG CAN FIX THIS---Implementation of the old character and save game formatting-Option to use the old UI-Option to turn the Console Command on and off IN GAME. The steps to do this in the first place were a nightmare in and of itself.--Things that COULD help--- Scale the difficulty levels back down a little. Insane difficulty jumped from enemies doing 50% more damage to 100%, and Legacy of Bhaal makes the game nearly unplayable.As it stands right now? DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME. It pains me to say that (as you can no doubt see from my time in this game), but as it is right now, it's not worth any money."
76561198011289000,Not Recommended,257350,27265826,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr Chappy,"Nominated for the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award due to the disastrous additions and changes made to this classic game by Beamdog...All I wish for now is an un-enhanced option which removes all of these unstable, badly scripted and poorly thought out “enhancements” that have ultimately detracted from, rather than added too, my enjoyment of this otherwise great game!Get hold of the original version and enjoy that instead!"
,Recommended,257350,8126421,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Dodslitten,THE GREATEST GAME IN THE EXISTANCE OF HUMANKIND. 10/10
76561198027264463,Recommended,257350,14769005,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Alucard,"No idea i had one of the highest hours on record for this game ^^ , Well i suppose i am entitled to write at least a little about this game.Pro's-Game never gets old-Very Depth filled story-Great Strategy/Tactics game-price is very generouse for such a great game-Graphics are not mind blowing but are good-Multiplayer is legendaryCons (Not any cons i can think of honestly all around amazing game but if i had to choose some..)-if your reading this and dont have this game , The fact that you have't bought this game yet (WHAT ARE YOU DOING BUY IT ALREADY AND BECOME A LEGEND!)-They need to come out with a 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 and so on , there HAS to be more ^^I know Comign from somone with both games and over 1000 Hours+ (i have this game seperate from steam in CD form played it just as long) This is kind of a lame review but at least i gave one ;PThis game is great honestly , if your into this kind of gaming you cannot pass this up. 10/10"
76561198032103704,Not Recommended,257350,23449106,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,remenissions1,"The only good thing enhanced edition has to offer is improved graphics/resolution. Everything else (""rebalance"" changes, removal of CLUAConsole commands, and unauthentic new content) makes it difficult to play through the game without cringing."
76561198071689614,Recommended,257350,8670682,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mystic Exarch,"I can't decide if this game is my number 1 favorite game of all time, or just 2nd place. There are so many positive things to say almost no bad.If you like D&D and/or tactical RPG's, you'll love it. It's basically 2nd edition D&D placed into a video game. The quests are fun and interesting, the tactical combat is satisfying and engaging, and the characters feel real. The plot of the main storyline is very smooth, well-paced, and highly immersive. Not to mention really cool.I could go on all day about it, but you could easily read anything I would say on a review of the original game. Instead, I'm going to adress the differences between this Enhanced Edition and the original.1. Praise to lord you can actually play the game again. The original had a nasty habit of not working with newer computers. You had to be a computer expert to get it to work, and even then it was unlikely. Until this came out, I feared I would never play it again.2. The graphics are highly improved. You can run it in double the resoloution of the original. No more blurry combat and squinting hard at the screen through a grainy and pixelated mess.3. There is a lot new content for this game. There are 4 new party members, and each has their own quest associated with them. And that goes for both SoA and ToB, so that is 8 new missions and 4 new party members.4. While still a little bit buggy, it's much less buggy than the original. And it's nothing you can't fix with the console commands.Some people don't think it's worth 25 dollars. I say thats a bargain. You get to play a game that hasn't been working for a decade and is also vastly improved, indulge your nostalgia, and play new content."
76561198006394590,Recommended,257350,13613839,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Rugal,"So after 242hrs can I say it was worth it? HELL YES! the new Enhanced edition looks amazing and plays amazing. I didnt notice any real bugs besides Jaheiras Harper call spell not working properly but I managed to track down a fix online.Got to level 28 as a Mage running with Imoen, Jaheira, Keldorn, Minsc and Edwina *cough* Edwin I mean. I played a Lawful good character throughout the game but I was tempted on more than one occassion to switch to the dark side and I also romanced Jaheira even if she was a whiny bint! This time around it was only 242hrs and nothing like the amount of time I spent when i first bought the game all those years ago, though I managed to finish Throne of Bhaal properly and got the good ending :D10/10 Would Buy again without a second though!"
,Recommended,257350,12606224,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Numor,My personal favourite game of all time. Love all the choices you can make in the game and all the diversity in the world. As well as the epic boss battles and legendary items you can smith.
76561197996155532,Not Recommended,257350,22982587,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,TheSkrin,"There are character classes you can't even create anymore since the 2.0 patch. I've brought this to the attention of Beamdog on their forums only to be completely ignored. The new interface is love it or hate it; most hate it, and you get no option to switch between them. Names and descriptions of items have been altered for seemingly no reason. Various game mechanics no longer work the way they did originally, now that they've been ""improved"". This company has shown through this, and other more explicit demonstrations, that it doesn't care what the consumer thinks or wants. It's all about the company's own interpretation of what Baldur's Gate should have been like, rather than what it was and what made it so great. Beamdog will never get another cent from me."
,Recommended,257350,28332476,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Floyd,"With an unbelievably rich story and exciting battles, as well as allowing you to enjoy simple things like doing more personal quests, grabbing a drink in a tavern, reading books or taking some time to laugh at a hamster's ""squeek"" (you will meet Boo!), Baldur's Gate II has a unique balance that makes you get lost in its world without getting tired of playing at all (one of the original loading screen tips said ""while your character doesn't need to eat, remember that you do"").You can actually feel empathy or antipathy for each one of the characters, their pasts and their personalities (this can even be one of the determining factors for who you're going to let into or to kick out of your party). Even common people may have interesting things to say, or just something to make you laugh. Quests may be only waiting for you to talk to someone in a corner.The locations, though particularly ""small"" by today's standards, are many, well designed and diverse, which gives a real sense of travelling and adventure. The game also features a nice day-night cycle, and not only the sceneries change, but some monsters, animals and NPCs may appear only at night or during the daytime, as well as some quests. Oh, and party members get sleepy, so be sure to find an inn or another safe place to spend the night sometimes!All these things, in conjunction with the game's substantial lore, help build up an incredibly immersive atmosphere. Have no doubt that a lot of characters and places will stay in your memory forever.On top of that, as far as the Infinity Engine goes, every corner of Baldur's Gate II has impeccable art (besides those awful character miniatures in your inventory xD), from the menus to the spell effects. In my opinion, to this day, the environments are very beautiful and pleasing (this statement MAY be nostalgia talking, but reviews are kind of personal, so... :P). Also, an extremely nice and beautiful feature is the fact that every item has its own hand drawn sketch scroll to go along with its written description.Dialogues go from the trivial ""g'day, sir!"" to the most philosophical questions about who you are in the story and what you'll do with your life and with the ones around you. The voice acting is impressive! Besides, you have the liberty to answer a ""good day"" with a sword in the throat, as well as a ""will you save his life?"" with a heroic action. The answer alternatives are really well thought and have true impact on the quests - it's not an illusional free choice, as we see in other RPGs. This allows you to fully and faithfully roleplay your character all the way, by the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd Edition's rules.The freedom you possess to determine your party's reputation is absolutely amazing too. Your doings may have good or bad consequences not only to the story and to the world (for example, people in towns will react differently to your presence, depending on your reputation), but to the integrity of the party itself, as all members will have their own points of view about your actions (yes, you can end up losing party members because they don't agree with what you're doing or with the time you're taking to do something, or simply because they don't get along well with each other!).The combat system can be turn-based or real-time (the choice is yours), and the variety of possible actions you can take is almost infinite, from a myriad of spells (coming from your character, from scrolls or from magical items) to a brutal two-handed sword reckless approach - or maybe by sneaking through and simply avoiding the situation, who knows? This allows you to get into the same battle from many different ways and create your own unique strategies, which means that, even if someone can't handle a certain combat at a certain time in the game, another person (or even you, later on) could end up sorting it out, making the combat skill-rewarding, intelligent and exciting.You can follow the main storyline straight to the end or you can take your time to do side quests (lots of them). And, by the way, it's not uncommon to find yourself bumping into ultra powerful enemies when you're just not even a little bit prepared for the fight. You have to really work your way to strengthen your party before being ready for some of these quests. And the harder ones are trully rewarding. Well, the whole combat system is rewarding, as a matter of fact. So, if you face and kill a dragon, know that (besides feeling like a boss) the loot will be fantastic!The soundtrack will stay with you forever (nostalgia hits me every time I open the menu), and all tracks fit every scenario like a glove, finishing the immersion with a flourish. The orchestration is a work of art. Just listen to the first trailer's opening! That's Viconia's Romance Theme.If that isn't enough, well, rest assured no playthrough will be the same as the previous one! The replayability is infinite (specially with friends, if you have the chance!).Baldur's Gate II is a game you will want to dive into.I dare say I didn't play it. I lived it!NOTE: I really don't think the Enhanced Edition ruined the game at all, as stated in other reviews. I play Baldur's Gate II since 2000 and I can say that the content is all there, the game still feels the same all the way and the enhancements are really nice (if you don't like the visual ones, most of them are optional, so you don't have to get angry about changing the way the original game looked like). On top of that, I must say I didn't experience any bugs at all. My guess is that the negative impact of the Enhanced Edition's changes and tweaks is more personal than actually objective."
,Not Recommended,257350,8119769,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"Ah.  Baldur's gate.I cant even tell you how many times i've played this game through to the end.  The world is massive, the NPCs feel human,  the quests are exciting, and the combat system is deep and nuanced.And then there's the 'Enhanced Edition'.It's difficult for me to recommend the enhancements 'overhaul games' added to baldur's gate simply because there aren't very many of them.  Almost all of the issues which existed in 2001 are present in the enhanced edition.   This includes (but is not limited to) :- Cheating the combat system by initiating dialogue with a neutral NPC and then attacking them while they are stuck in the 'i want to talk to you' animation.- Casting a spell in an area covered by fog of war and having your spellcaster get stuck in an endless casting loop which never results in the spell actually being cast.- Pathfinding bugs- Awkward looting of certain objects which requires that your character be in a specific spot to interact with the object.I could go on.In Overhaul's defense, they did add a few new NPCs to the mix, all of whom seem interesting and useful in their own right.  But it feels like they did this to try and distract from the underlying issue -  which is that they are adding icing on top of an old, rotting, cake.I love baldur's gate and i'm enjoying the enhanced edition, but Bioware / Black Isle deserve the credit for that,  not Overhaul.  Only get this if you are a rabid fan of anything Baldur's Gate (like me) and just want to have one last spin around Faerun.  Everyone else should probably just buy the original version fromGOG.com.  You'll save money, and you're getting almost exactly the same experience."
76561198065902291,Recommended,257350,7746570,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,The Dingus,Just like old times! I got this last week and already have 24 hours logged! And it has not gotten easy!
,Recommended,257350,32862571,Posted: 27 June,all,CavalryShawn,"First of all, dont let the hours fool you, I've dumped hundreds of hours into playing an replaying Baldur's Gate II before picking it up on steam.TLDR: If you like RPG's its criminal to not have this in your library.This is one of the best RPGs ever made. Want to find out how Bioware developed their reputation for deep, rich storytelling, extremely fleshed out worlds, and great characters? I started with Baldur's Gate and was perfected here in BG2. Everything that was done well in BG was improved for this one.Characters return from BG, but not in a way that will get confusing for someone who skipped BG1. Romance options were added, though some of them are meh. Characters have their own personalities, motivations, and loyalties so you can have personality conflicts that are often humorous, sometimes deadly.MASSIVE amount of stuff to do. There are many quests and sidequests and many were added to the EE.Tactical gameplay is the name of the game here. If youre looking for a run in and hack em up, you're gonna have a bad time. If you enjoyed the tactical camera in Dragon Age Origins, this is that on steroids. You need a balanced party and need to plan engagements to survive. This is not power fantasy like Skyrim, where a high level character is basically a god. There is always something to challenge you. Try to take on the Dragons in this game like you do in Skyrim, you'll be a hero shaped scorch mark pretty quick.The only Cons I can think of are if you don't like to read, you're just not going to enjor this game. There is voice acting in this game, and it is done well, but you will have to read a lot, as most dialogue is not voiced. I don't really consider it a con, but some might.Also I've run into some framerate drops which oddly enough were solved by saving my game. Strange.Highly recommend!!"
,Not Recommended,257350,22883478,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Thedarkestoflinks,It's kinda sad--this used to be a mostly worthy port of the original. You can see I played the hell out of it. Then the 2.0 update happened and everything went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy this game until they listen to the legion of caterwauling fans (of the original games; I doubt Beamdog themselves have many after this fiasco) and reinstate the magic.
,Not Recommended,257350,22208139,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Alptraum,"One of the best RPGs of all time, sadly broken with the new update. No longer looks like it shows you on the screenshots, which is false advertising and tons of bugs aswell. Oh yeah, also makes your characters INVULNERABLE on easy ""story mode"", whatever that is. Great update.EDIT: I decided that I love this game enough to give it the review it deserves, so here goes:This game is amazing, in terms of everything from combat to story to world building and music.There was a new update that kinda ruined the game, but there's a way to restore the old game if you go into properties > betas and select the 1.3 update. That makes the game what it used to be before the update: Good old Baldur's Gate, but with some updates like the multiplayer and resolution. (Works on both 1 and 2)This game shines in the story aspects. The combat can be a bit tedious at time but at the core it's very solid. The game is based on Dungeons and Dragons rules, I'm not sure which edition. The stories are an official part of the D&D universe so this game is D&D canon. The stories are excellently done and you never know what to expect next in this game. It can literally be anything, no matter how ridiculous, wild or just purely awesome. Some grand quests take you through epic dungeons, fighting monsters from old folk legends, other quests have you kill god-like creatures, while others just have you solve a town quarrel or the likes. There's a wide arrange of amazing writing and voice acting in this game, and the most amazing questlines I've ever played in a game. Even if the game might be a bit outdated, I think it's worth to play for this fact alone."
76561198018737700,Not Recommended,257350,22221220,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Azzkiker,"The original BG1 and BG2 were two of the best RPGs of all time. Unfortunately this new developer has ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ized the UI in an attempt to capitalize on the tablet gaming market.It would be ok if there were an option in the graphics settings to enable ""tablet mode"", but that wans't done.You do not have the option of accepting these new UI changes, it is a forced patch through steam. That is to say, I bought a certian product and later on I was forced by the developer to accept a different product in its place. There are some nice improvements to the mechanics, but the forced UI changes are simply unbearable.If you love the original look and feel of Baldurs Gate I would recommend you find a different version than Enhanced Edition 2.0"
76561198032138646,Recommended,257350,26720510,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Cecis,"I honestly think that there will never be a better game than Baldur's Gate II. I did play most of today rpgs, TES, Witcher, ME, Dragon Age, Divinity, etc. While I enjoyed much of some of them, in my opinion only Planescape and KOTOR are in BG2 level and that game industry is sadly gone.For those that are afraid this game is too difficult to understand or dated, forget about that. Everything that you need to know is there and this edition makes is even easier. I started playing this without knowing much english and no idea what D&D was, so you can do it too.*The story is personal, you don't have to save the world.*Dialogues are rich, not a ♥♥♥♥ing wheel with 3 choices that are actually the same. Still there is no extreme reading like in Planescape if that worries you.*You are going to love the characters to death. Forget about those lifeless, stoic, emo companions/protagonists that plague the latest RPGs. If you don't believe me google ""Minsc and Boo"" or ""Edwin"".*THE COMBAT: probably my favorite part. Is GRATIFYING. When you encounter a new enemy you will need a new strategy, change spells, if your plan works you feel the true meaning of achievement. The spell diversity is magnificent. I'm not talking about a stupid AOE that changes color and only does damage of different smell. These effects are truly different: from a magical eye that reveals an area to a timed bomb or a stop time spell.*The music: just listen to the main theme that's pure adventure in sound form.https://youtu.be/U88zyFLzIXQ?t=16*You never know what you are getting into. The world doesn't level with you. You pick a simple quest, next a dragon eats your party in 2 seconds because you are too spoiled by modern games and think that ""surely if they put the dragon here I can beat it"". True adventure.*There are no cons that I can think of. I have the glorious old CD version and I still feel bad that I bougth this at $5 while crap games cost $60."
,Not Recommended,257350,23242597,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Neddy,"TLDR Version - Newbies should buy, Veterans (and Newbies who have access to the originals), should probably avoid.After further tweaking (and finding out it is compatible with mods) I have come back to this game and its prequel, but I cannot change my vote to a recommendation: It's solid, but derivative. I am very, *very* glad for its existence, but I cannot recommend veterans to pick it up.Get both Baldur's Gates (the second is not as fun without an imported character, and the first is not as fun without the BG ""tutu"" mod) and mod them. While I love bioware, and *did* gladly pay again, unless you have *both* never played Baldur's Gate before *and* are skittish or unaware of the modding community, it's not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,257350,22307173,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,danni,"This game was great. Then they updated it. Now the multiplayer works like♥♥♥♥♥♥and is riddled with bugs. Some of the changes are kinda cool, but others, such as the tiny menus, are really poor. It is a shame an update can pretty much just ruin a game like this.Basically Beamdog, sort this♥♥♥♥♥♥out quicktime."
,Not Recommended,257350,22810388,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Sokanas,"A number of CTDs here and there, a few other glitches or bugs.Not as stable as the orginal but all things considered it is as nostalgic as expected with the delight of some additional bits and pieces.Considering the age of the game and the work needed to update the game to modern tech / systems I'm a little surprised it works as well as it does.Edit:In the last 10 hours of gameplay I've crashed to the desktop a half dozen times with noindication of a common cause.I can't really recommend something that is still so damned buggy.4/10"
76561198190322225,Not Recommended,257350,22231138,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,rstess89,"Well. i must say that i am quite unhappy with the new update. i find that the change in looks was pointless. The game was fantastic and now it plays terribly. I feel as though they have tried to ""improve"" something that was great already, and failed. I just want to go back to the way it was before the update."
76561198017561364,Not Recommended,257350,22208514,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,[SCZ]Celestrian,"graphic update is just bad. no idea why this was necessary.new interface is... something hopefully modded.new chars are (again) a mixed bag, though hexxat questline is fun. dorn is a bit of a powerhouse, but hexxat also takes that cake and damn does she run with it.tiax is not an option, but somehow this game isn´t totally horrible. it´s actually pretty good. no idea how that works. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯still prefer the non-enhanced version.on the political side it turns out that it´s better to be killed by a wolfwere than to be brainwashed, but that´s just my non-fav thief.jaheira got the full progressive package in the prequel dlc.if there´s a baldurs gate 3 in the making i hope all the non-beamdog chars face the end that khalid got.tortured + killed > adjusted to ""modern gamers""why negative when it´s a good game? bc >get the originalalso they f*cked jaheira.more context of what went wrong:http://gameranx.com/features/id/47159/article/trying-to-understand-baldurs-gategate/http://nichegamer.com/2016/04/04/tale-dragons-memes-dragonspears-writing-horrid/"
76561198119612572,Recommended,257350,16221328,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Skyhawk1010,Baldur's gate 2Difficultieseasy : wow this is so easynormal: okay this is kinda difficulthard: why do i feel like im playing dark soulsinsane: cant even get past the prolouge without all my party members dying
,Not Recommended,257350,22250891,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Funnybones,Wish I'd known what a complete mess this was before I bought it.
76561197966459229,Not Recommended,257350,22244081,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,drakinfar,With the new required patch to 2.0 they have made the game a crash prone mess. Until they fix the crashes and make it playable again I would not buy this game.
,Not Recommended,257350,22280267,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Dirtybirds,"The game was good until the 2.0 ""update"" that beamdog decided was necessary for whatever reason, would avoid beamdog in general."
76561198040488723,Not Recommended,257350,22231564,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Melandrhild,"Don't buy any BG:EE or Siege of Dragonspear now for a good reason : the late update is totally buggy, you can't play multi without crashes.  WAIT to be sure they will fix it !"
,Recommended,257350,8081167,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,HaasGaming,"Baldur's Gate 2 is the follow-up of one of the best RPG experiences created to this day. Originally released in 2000, you should really play the first before considering getting the second as it DIRECTLY follows the storyline created in Baldur's Gate 1 and starts you at a much higher level. Therefor, if you haven't played it yet, head over to the Baldur's Gate 1: Enhanced Edition first and then come back and buy this game for it is fantastic.Both Enhanced Editions offer a much more convenient experience with some great solid new content. Baldur's Gate 2: Enhanced Edition offers four new companions, each with a great storyline and dialogue, new class and race combinations and  ""The Black Pits 2"" campaign (an arena-style combat campaign). They are both definitely worth getting as they are the definite modern way to experience these fantastic classic games that offer a tremendous amount of content, quests, great dialogue and a huge sense of freedom. Visually there have been few improvements, and a shocking lack of options is disturbing, but if you can set aside these problems and have the patience to learn these obviously outdated gameplay mechanics then both Baldur's Gate 1: Enhanced Edition and Baldur's Gate 2: Enhanced Edition are absolutely worth it.Full review (Includes BG1: Enhanced Edition):http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5qqfOXRRaA"
,Recommended,257350,11480708,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,aquinas,"The Baldur's Gate series is without question the apex of Bioware development and a masterpiece CRPG. I'm not going to comment on whether or not the series is good or bad since it goes without saying that any rpg fan needs to at least give it a spin. What's important and what I struggled with since the enhanced editions launched was whether or not these new editions were worth it, or whether or not I should just dust off my CD copies from the days of yore.It's true that there isn't anything in the enhanced editions that can't already be done with mods. The last time I tried installing the CD versions and modding it all up was a tedious experience though. It's also true that the added content is forgettable; the Black Pits is something that I'll never touch and the new NPCs range from tolerable (Neera, for example) to poor (Hexxat, for example).But I couldn't care less about the above. For me it boiled down to two things: One, was this version easier to set up and two, was this version buggier than the originals. The enhanced editions are no doubt easier to jump into on a modern computer due to many of the enhancements mirroring typical mods that you'd want to install (porting BG1 to the ToB engine, for example). Many of the community's mods have been updated for the Enhanced editions as well, so you can still cry in a fetal position as Swords Coast Stratagems mages rip you to shreds if that's your thing.Now, bugginess is obviously dependent on many variables and I can only experience my own playthrough of the series, but apart from one crash to desktop in the opening dungeon of BG2 my playthrough from BG1 to ToB was smooth and clean. The official forums would make you think that the game is a bug ridden mess and it kept me away from purchasing for months, but I do not regret purchasing it in its current state. I won't be touching my CD copy of the series again."
76561198038771845,Recommended,257350,18807966,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Gonzo,"I have completed this game at least 50 time since I was 15, and STILL manage to find something new every time.Truely a masterpieceThat being said, if you didn't grow up with these graphics and gameplay mechanics, i completely understand if you find it jarring or even borderline unplayable. It's worth your time to learn, the game will reward you."
76561198047455977,Not Recommended,257350,22277566,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,smokeinmyeyes2,This WAS a pretty nice update to the original game.  But whatever update they just release completely broke this game and BG1.In its current state as of 4/6/2016 DO NOT BUY
76561198089194462,Not Recommended,257350,22226193,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Capta1nBlood,"“If there was something for the original Baldur’s Gate that just doesn’t mesh for modern day gamers like the sexism, [we tried to address that],” said writer Amber Scott. “In the original there’s a lot of jokes at women’s expense. Or if not a lot, there’s a couple, like Safana was just a sex object in BG 1, and Jaheira was the nagging wife and that was played for comedy. We were able to say like, ‘No, that’s not really the kind of story we want to make.’ In Siege of Dragonspear, Safana gets her own little storyline, she got a way better personality upgrade. If people don’t like that, then too bad.” -Amber ScottPreparing for the future ruin of this great classic by the ""writers"" frothing at the mouth to make BG3"
,Recommended,257350,10811214,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tesla Tank,The godfather of Western RPGs. Before loot games ruined them forever.Buy it now. Play it over and over.
,Not Recommended,257350,28529216,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Bro Diddley,"I honestly want to recommend this. It's a great visual update to the original. But the constant, constant crashing has driven me to the point of posting a negative review/being 'that guy'. If you don't mind having to restart the game every 20 minutes, and find crashes when you save exciting, knock yourself out."
76561198070702969,Not Recommended,257350,22306362,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,smacd,"The original version was decent for its day, though I was never a fan of the Forgotten Realms setting as its one of the most boring of the D&D campaign settings.However this enhanced version, especially with the 2.0 patch and everything I've seen about the expansion is downright awful. Their agenda is showing, and I cannot recommend anyone give Beamdog any money. I wish I could request a refund."
,Not Recommended,257350,27006913,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hannibal,"This is a review for a very specific catagory of people.I bought this game, along with the first, only so that I wouldn't have to go through the trouble of patching it whenever I reinstalled my existing, regular version. I generally play at least one infinity engine game a year and don't keep them on my hard drive inbetween.If this review was for the game itself it would be nothing but glowing praise. Baldur's gate 2 still somehow stands up to more modern releases when coupled with the widescreen mod, et al. As it stands, this enhanced edition changes some elements in a way that I, personally don't like.If you are a returning player, like me, and looking for convinience, I recommend a little research into the differences between this, and a modded original."
76561197968514473,Recommended,257350,12189889,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Meat-King©®,"""Take heart fellow adventurers, for you have curried the favor of Boo, the only miniature giant space hamster in the realm!”Baldur’s Gate 2 is a towering achievement in the history of role-playing games. Since 2000, when Black Isle Studios finally released this role-playing game (rpg) sequel of its signature series Baldur’s Gate, the fan community has significantly grown in numbers.This lavishly produced game quickly established itself as the most compelling, intelligent and exciting rpg available for PC. After Fallout, Planescape: Torment and Icewind Dale it was the next milestone of unparalleled quality, its renown extending far beyond the boundaries of the genre.The protagonist and companions have an incredible chemistry, and are surrounded by some of the most vivid and compelling fantasy creatures ever created. The storytelling is epic, and the memorable characters offer loads of witty and mature dialogues. Furthermore, the different classes, alignments and team combinations create an amazing replayability.Trivia:During the game's development, a quality assurance department was added to BioWare, and the game's publishers lent their assistance in testing. Because of its immense size with over 300 quests, Baldur's Gate 2 was considered a tester's nightmare.Achievements:Estimated time for 100 % completion: +200 hoursSingleplayer achievements: 93Multiplayer achievements: none"
76561198072143422,Recommended,257350,18139836,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,heretis78 gamdom.com,There has never before nor after ever been a better game than this one
,Not Recommended,257350,13364638,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Aidski,"Just to note, Baldur's Gate is my favorite video game. However, I can't recommend this ""enhanced"" edition.I spent quite some time debating whether or not to recommend this game. It boils down to this: The original content is great. Still is, still always will be. It's an epic adventure with great characters, good plot development and fantastic modified-2nd edition gameplay. The graphics show their age, of course, but there are still some great backdrops and whatnot. The dialogue in this game is probably the best of any game ever made -- epic when it needs to be, and hilarious otherwise.Why I don't recommend this game is the new content, which is poorly written and boring. The new characters are written by people who clearly don't comprehend the wit of the original game, but think they do. It's painful.Seriously, go find the original version on the internet somewhere for a much cheaper price, and enjoy. If you can't find it or just want a Steam version (which is what I did), then go for it! You will still have a great time with this version!"
76561198036400099,Not Recommended,257350,29518757,Posted: 27 January,all,Rupert,"This is one of my favorite games of all time. Unfortunately, Beamdog has added so many bugs that it is extremely unenjoyable."
76561198046996248,Recommended,257350,8388603,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,linus.nordberg,"Pure excellence, loving the new content! Old players, this is definitely worth a replay :-)"
,Not Recommended,257350,22347104,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Fox,This game was a diamond. Now it's a pile of cat vomit after your update. Go and shove that user interface into some greyish-brown FPS. I cannot begin to describe how you defiled the graphics. I'm speachless. GIVE ME MY GAME BACK!
76561198136229357,Recommended,257350,26074812,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Agape,"Undoubtly one of, if not the best RPG games of all time, it was a instant classic when it was released many years ago. It covers around 200hrs or so of playtime depending on what all you decide to do in it, with tremendous replay value in the form is multiple choice dialogue, character creation, party selection, and branching storylines.StorylineBeing of the strongest aspects of the game, it is rich in nature and varied to some degree depending on your choices in the game, which can have a real permanant impact on how it unfolds and certain events that can occur later. The main story covers about 50hrs or so of the game, so it is a small piece of the much larger game with dozens of sidequests and optional areas to explore.CharactersThere are about a dozen or so base characters in the game, each with their own unique look and personality. Everyone of them interact with other party members and some may even outright refuse to join you if they see a particular person already with you. Lots of instances in the game have reactive choices as well, meaning they will either comment on your actions or depending on how extreme may even outright leave you. Romances are possible in the game with three standard female options to choose from and one male.GameplayThe gameplay is largely based on the DnD 2nd edition ruleset, though you really don't need to be particular familiar with this in order to be able to play it. You are able to either create your own entire party from scratch, which can be a lengthy process if you aren't familiar with the game or choose from existing templates. Battles can be highly tactical in nature with many having numerous ways fo being handled depending on your composition, spells and gear. Some encounters will also be different depending on what level you get to them at, being far more difficult if you aren't properly prepared.SoundThe voice acting in the game is top notch and there are thousands of lines of dialogue to go through. Not all of it is fully voiced, but all of the important scenes in the game are. Music sets a good pace as well, with some of them being able to indicate a tell tale pace as to what type of encounter you are facing, with major ones playing certain tracks which you will come to know and associate.OverallIf you are any kind of a fan of RPG games, this is a must play. Deep character development, storyline, relantionship building, roleplaying elements and sheer replayability will have you spending many hours in this classic. And with the ability to download mods for it to add more quests, characters, romances, items and new areas; the possibilities are staggering."
76561198028983890,Recommended,257350,15204728,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,pbdart,"Certainly the best turn based game I've ever played, and ranks as one of the best video games I've ever played alongside its predessor. Unlike the first game, this one moves much faster and right from the get go throws you into the action. As far as the story goes (which is the most important aspect of a game) this is unparalled in the fantasy genre. Controls are a bit tedious as is the movement algorithm for controlled characters, but nothing an hour in game wont get you adjusted to. Graphics are not this game's strong point, however they are good considering when the game was made, and do not in anyway impede the story or experience. 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,257350,7688843,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,The Spacehamster Family,BEST GAME OF ALL TIME!!!
76561197970389070,Not Recommended,257350,22235527,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,5hadowfax,"Great game ruined because in order to buy it you have to support terrible devs who put their own dogma ahead of stories, characters, and even the preferences of their own customer base. Buy the originals instead."
,Recommended,257350,32029335,Posted: 28 May,all,halfdeck,"Initially the graphics didn't look anything like the original and it took me forever to undestand the problem.In Nvidia control panel, use No Scaling option to prevent screen image from being resized.Assuming an original 640x480 resolution, use 2x that resolution, or 1280 x 960.Doing this minimizes the issue of pixels being rendered incorrectly due to stretching, and the characters no longer looked too small to me."
,Recommended,257350,20711150,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Dwolfy,"*English*Baldur's Gate II is a RPG classic and a must play for fans of the genre.This ""Enhanced"" version doesn't really improve much from the original, but it’s nice to have this game connected to my Steam Account instead of having to resort to 300 year old CDs to be able to play it.*Português*Baldur's Gate II é um dos clássicos do RPG e imperdível para os fãs do gênero.Esta versão ""Enhanced"" não tem realmente muitas melhorias em relação ao original, mas é muito bom poder ter este jogo associado à conta Steam, ao invés de ter que recorrer a CDs de 300 anos para poder jogar."
76561198072813345,Not Recommended,257350,22343393,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,James_Paget,"With the most recent update, I'd have to recommend not buying this game. Go find it one Good old games or something. It's a pity, but even after just a few minuites playing, the game has lost much of the charm it once had."
,Not Recommended,257350,23806075,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,nevangelko,"Since the 2.0 update this game wont even run anymore on my pc :(I am a huge fan of the game, having played it restlessly for years after its release but this company screwed it up for me =/"
,Recommended,257350,13845750,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Cloud Wallace (F),"NOTE: I’m posting this review on both Baldur’s Gate: Enhanced Edition and Baldur’s Gate 2: Enhanced Edition pages, since my opinion is valid for both products, and they should be considered as one.What can one say in front of such magnificence? These two RPGs are simply the pillar of western production of this genre, and when the two are combined in a single game they definitively are among the top 10 of the must-play for every PC gamer out there, no matter the age.BG:EE and BG2:EE are simply THE definitive Dungeons & Dragons experience, including almost all the possible 2.5 Edition Core and several optional rulebooks of the Forgotten Realms setting and translating them into a marvellous duo of 3rd person games.Although both games are very old (they were developed and published between 1998 and 2001 by Bioware / Black Isle Studios), they have been “enhanced” and made available on modern systems (including Windows 7/8/10 PCs, OSx, Android and IOS) by the guys at Overhaul Games / Beamdog, who not only re-tooled the original Infinity Engine to make it run on modern platforms, but also added several other goodies that were not present in the original release, in addition to bug fixes and standard “curator” jobs.I could go on for pages and pages describing in detail the marvels of the Baldur’s Gate Series, but I’ll try to cut it short and stick to a much shorter format.PROs- Ever dreamed of taking your typical AD&D session with your friends out of the pen & paper setting to a PC screen? This game is for you!- Charismatic characters and companions: Minsc the Ranger (and Boo!), Jaheira, Viconia, Xzar, Sarevok… what else can I say?- Longevity: both games combined are well over 100 hours of gameplay- Replayability: seriously, there are hundreds of possible combinations of classes / races / kits / alignments / companions / choices to completely change your experience at every playthrough- Every action you make affects the game world, like it is expected from a proper Western RPG. Apart from some scripted events to progress with the main story, the rest is up to you- Multiplayer: join with 5 friends to create a fully custom party!- The (new) developers are supporting the game with patches and fixes, and they actually listen to the community- Compatible with most of the original BG / BG2 community mods- Runs on every system, even your mobile phone / tablet (NOTE: the Android / IOs versions are separate purchases). HW requirements are very lowCONs- After more than 16 years from my first BG playthrough I still cannot find a single flaw in any of these games. They are simply a masterpiece.In a nutshell, these games set THE standard all the following RPGs on the market were measured against, and none of them was able to surpass Baldur’s Gate until now.Buy them, play them, enjoy them. 12/10, would pickpocket Drizzt again"
76561198049626378,Not Recommended,257350,24508345,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Feradykin,Unplayable since the 2.0. Update. Get the original version on GOG or play the 1.3. beta (selectable under the game properties).
,Recommended,257350,7882469,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Dart3145,"If I had to rate the enhaced version of this game without ever playing the original I would easly give this a 5 out of 5. That being said though having played the original Baldur's Gate 2 and Throne of Bhaal many time over, I would give the enhanced version a 3 out of 5.I give the ""enhanced"" version a lower rating for a few facts;1. I have noticed far more bugs in the enhanced version of the game then I ever did in the origional, including broken spells. monster spawns, and quests.2. The price... need I say more $25 for an improved UI and multiplayer, 4 extra characters, a new expansion, and a host of new bugs, when you can get the original bioware clasic for $10 from other places.3. With the improved engine comes a lack of settings present in the original, one of the more important being the number of pathing nodes, the enhanced version seems to be set at the default 400,000 nodes with out any way of changing it, so prepair for plenty of ""You must gather your party before venturing forth""All in all I have still put in 20.5hrs in the last 2 weeks acording to steam and I plan on putting in many more just for the sake of finishing what I started, but I would definitely recommend waiting for it to go on sale before getting it unless you are a die hard fan like me and must have it right away.-Every hamster has his day!"
76561197999342822,Recommended,257350,31061415,Posted: 10 April,all,peyomer,"This is by and far one of my favorite RPG games of all time. With the remastering, and addition of new characters and quests, I have found myself playing this game many times throughout the years."
76561197998249512,Not Recommended,257350,22564764,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,mintymind,"nope.Do not buy, get old versions of 1 and 2 from GOG, get patches .. somewhere (gibberlings maybe), tinker on it, and get things working. Dont bother with EE, as its a broken mess due to incompetent devs."
,Not Recommended,257350,22360406,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,tokjo,2.0 patch completely ruined and broke the game.
,Recommended,257350,33596151,Posted: 16 July,all,Rer,"I have never played one of the classic isometric RPGs of the late 90s before, just more recent entries like Pillars of Eternity.Honestly, I was skeptical how much the game would hold up to modern day standards, especially given all the hype older gaming friends have tried to instill in me.Straight up, they were right. This game is great. It has some difficulties here and there, and some modern day quality of life things are missed, but the core aspect of the game remains an amazing experience that I would openly recommend to friends who like RPG games.The story is solid, with some interesting branching options, and the combat is really *really* good for folks who enjoy learning how to maximize game systems and mechanics to their fullest potential.Except Beholders, those are dumb, buy the Enchanced Edition's shield that reflects those attacks back ;)"
76561198015388874,Recommended,257350,8243262,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,PROnup,Sorry Fallout... This is THE BEST RPG OF ALL TIME!!!!
,Recommended,257350,30658019,Posted: 21 March,all,wipiton,"Never-aging classic. Probably, the very best CRPG of all time.Beamdog EE adaptation is good."
,Not Recommended,257350,22248787,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,big bunker,"Put in quite a few hours before the Steam version, played a little years later on Steam, then tried it again after the big patch. Essentially, the patch ruined the UI for me (it's obviously meant for mobile devices now). Regardless of your feelings about performative, out of place gender social justice in an incongruous setting, the game is basically unplayable."
76561197987673438,Recommended,257350,17853666,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Von Mäyrä,"This is one of those classic RPGs that just don't get old. At least for me personally. I still rate this to be one of the best games ever so can't really write about it neutrally/objectively.Epic story, ageless visual style, brilliant voice acting and sounds overall, interesting tactical combat, solid controls though mayhaps a bit outdated for the modern gamer (very natural for me as I played this at an age when I didn't even speak English), challenging, the writing on the party members is just gold and the list goes on.Through the game it's great how you feel as the power of your party increases steadily and towards the end of the game you have seriously strong bunch of badasses wearing rare powerful gear, with stories of their own. And as you've finished the game you can't but help feel touched by what an awesome literally epic adventure of struggle and finding what and who you are and what is your destiny in the world you've traversed through.To keep it short I'm gonna stop rambling here. I'm suggesting this game to anyone whose loved the old CRPGs and pretty much to any fantasy RPG lover. I'm sure it's going to feel a bit old and rough to get into for some but if you put the time to play it in length, get into it, play through it, I'm sure it'll be an interesting and rewarding game experience for you."
76561198052346012,Not Recommended,257350,27624610,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Valdr,"I do not recomend buying this product. It's Baldur's Gate right, why not? BeamDog is simply cashing out on nostalgia, adding minor gimmicks here and there and trumpling the lore with social justice.Spend your money on original games, not on companies who exploit and pervert the work of others."
76561198052383953,Recommended,257350,12644543,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,BatshitTodd,"This game holds up amazingly well. I enjoyed playing the enhanced edition maybe even more than the original. Formatted perfectly for more modern 16:9 displays. There is also new optional content added which I did not play, but can safely say that anything you remeber from the original is still there."
,Recommended,257350,31396213,Posted: 27 April,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"Of all the RPGs I have played in the previous year, only two from BioWare have taken the epic storyline scale in such a way to warrant a playthrough of 80 hours to come to the end of its journey, the Baldur’s Gate Trilogy (SoD & SoA) and Dragon Age: Inquisition. Even though I am comparing a trilogy of games to one,it’s obvious how much the scope of BG is meant to be examined as a whole, not individually. For example, the beginning of BG2 starts the mid-to-late game of a character’s progression. Anyone in 2017 who wishes to venture into the series should know that is how they should set their expectations for the type of adventure before them.The journey of that adventure is as important as the camaraderie you forge along the way that has become a staple for modern BioWare, and every game afterwards has been compared to the BG series. Although Baldur's Gate 2 and DAI are separated by nearly twenty years of design philosophies, RPG standards, gamer expectations and opinions on how successful are these games, I found each game’s sense of scale to resonate with one another like brothers long forgotten. While there are inherent differences in the freedom of choices for otherwise linear questlines and stories, the scale of all these linear features offers a sense of non-linearity that is greater than any sandbox hoping to achieve the same effect in the grandness of quantity versus quality.To D&D or Not to D&D?However, despite the BG series maintaining its quality along with its quantity, BG2 suffers a  problem that I feel is more exasperated in DAI, and that issue is player fatigue with its mechanics.In my previous review of BG1, I had hoped to learn AD&D someday so well to better appreciate experiences like Durlag’s Tower by mastering the rules themselves. I had considered the pursuit plausible but not worthwhile of my time to beat the rules at their own game. When I choose to take a break after the 40/45 hours of BG1 & SoD, however, I set myself up for disaster; the Chapter 1/Prologue of BG2 only helps you so far before you’re released into the mass of content that is Chapter 2.What I think is one issue that SoD introduced to the franchise, unintentionally, is that the time it takes to get to BG2 is when the mechanics start to lose their luster. Even without mentioning the expansion for BG1, the expansion Throne of Bhaal eventually bored me from the same problem as I found the repetition of combat without a whole lot of extra complexities or challenges to wear out my patience. Add to the fact that setting the difficulty to anything but Story Mode will also add time because of micromanagement and do overs in combat, and the game begins to show signs that it is overstaying its welcome. That is an issue I think people are going to have to ask themselves whether to keep the challenge to retain your interest in the gameplay or cut-it-out to experience the game faster.One reason for this feeling of being overwhelmed at the very beginning is how the game acts are structured. Previously, BG1 had you wandering around the woods, funneled by various challenges to guide you to where you needed to go, before giving you a city and the rest of the map to explore. BG2, however, is the exact opposite; you start out in a giant city and world to explore, and as you move on to Chapters 3 – 10, the game gets progressively more linear. Not all the quests must be done before Chapter 3 as you have the chance to continue them, but I think the content would have been better had it not been so cramped at the start and more evened out along the linear parts of the game.Requiem of The BhaalspawnAs much as people have given much praise for BG2’s storytelling for BioWare, it’s rather interesting how many people believe the storyline is malleable to player agency when most of it is a guise of choice. However, because of the scale of that journey, the little details like companions forgetting you or coming back to life (Xzar) does not break the immersion. Events play out in a manner that enhances the storyline of the antagonists always being one step ahead of you no matter what you choose, and rather than insulting the player due to the limitations of their decisions or whiplashing the player back on to the linear progression, the story is benefited by this design as it adds character to what many would consider to be the greatest villain of all time, Jon Irenicus.What also works is that no matter what faction or ""good or evil"" path you take on repeatedplaythroughs there is always something new to experience or a new chain of events that adds value to both the worldbuilding as well as the replayability of BG. This is all before adding difficulty modifiers or handicaps/party-configurations as additional reasons for replaying the game. All of these reasons, and more, are why I believe many feel that BG2 is the pinnacle of RPGs as both a story and a game because both the game-design, gameplay and narrative benefit reopening the book from the start and finding all new details to explore.And when the Bhaalspawn has undergone all the trials and tribulations, the meanderings of fate and the questions of destiny that plagues every choice, the player reaches its end. Rather than establishing a definitive moral high-ground choice or an absolutely deplorable one, the player is left to make the decision of whether to accept the guidance and struggles of fate to reap the rewards for selfish or alternative reasons in claiming godhood or to renounce everything gained for a quieter life free from immortal concerns and to live out the rest of the days as a mortal with the company discovered along the way.The finality of this decision cements any lasting concerns or desires to see the storyline to continue from this point onwards and it is why there is no need to make another sequel to extend the continuity any further, a point many series should learn to accept and to move on to greater adventures yet to come."
76561198049305848,Recommended,257350,27832145,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,not Pro,"I have about 110h on this game on steam. I also have this game on cd. Yeah, cd. Like those 4 disc sets. And I used to be one of those people who would always do the smaller install. Because my computer sucked. So I used to have to switch the cds. And there's one area in between cd 2 and cd 3 where you would switch. But at once point you could still go back to the cd 2 areas, so I would find myself constantly switching between cd 2 and 3.But I digress. I probably have like 500 hours on my cd version of this game. So like 600ish total hours on this game. I'm still finding new stuff."
,Not Recommended,257350,17057664,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,toggaf ynnart,"Before you blaze past a negative review for what is my favorite RPG and game of all time let's take a look at why i do not reccomend buying this version of it.BioWare did a fantastic job, and they still do, at making top notch games that not only excell in every aspect of role playing, character customization, RPG systems, and general gameplay but they are known for having minimal bugs in their software. Beamdog in all their 'enhanced editions' has managed to introduce game breaking and software breaking bugs that can only be cured by running the Linux versions in a Linux steam. and even then this solution is not neccessarily an end all. if you're not old enough to still own your 4CD BGII: SoA and Disks for ToB then i reccomend getting it from GoG. Beamdog totally destroyed any semblance of quality in the BEST RPG series ever made.UPDATE:issue:1) if you have had a different experience that is great, that is, in fact, VERY GOOD. however is does not discount the numerous bugs and performance concerns you can find that match and exceed the ones i have seen in 30 seconds with google or bing or whatever search engine you prefer. so please do not post drivel about how ""my experience trumps your experience"". hardware and software are complicated and undoubtedly people will have conflicting experiences, KEEP IT TO YOUR SELF.2) Using a decent intel processor seems to remedy much of the issues in terms of performance. however the performance requirements of the game should allow for anything AMD FM1/Phenom II or even Core 2 but they do not and those systems will, in my experience completely fail at running the game when a lot is going on. this, in some cases prevents issues with the GPU however intel and NVidia GPUs still seem to have framerate issues when a lot of activity is present.final note: the issues with the HUD are almost always a CPU issue. also any card that is being controlled with a driver that uses an OpenGL version higher than stated in the GPU spec (note 500 series NVidia cards only technically go to 4.1 but modern 500 series driver uses 4.4)  will possibly have issues.tl;dr this game used to run well and it doesn't universally run well anymore, use the original on GoG or if you have the disks, the only reason to buy a beamdog update is for IceWind Dale because the old infinite engine ran on IPX for multiplayer which is no longer supported outside of WindowsXP and is only workable for local area networking.The March 31 update for this is UNSIGHTLY, UGLY, and ultimately destroys any semblance of authenticity to the aesthetics of the original and should not be bought. as of now i will be using the original from GoG or my CDs, THIS IS AN AFFRONT TO THE USERS AND SHOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN DONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198083713197,Not Recommended,257350,23830691,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,tangente,After 2.0 update I am going to play GOG version because this is really awful. Major change like this should be a separate game!
76561198006917383,Recommended,257350,7849440,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,King Doom,"What can I say about Baldur's Gate 2? Well, lets start with the flaws. Whoever designed the romances had a thing for elves. That's it really. That's the only thing close to a flaw. It's an amazingly solid game filled with some fantastic characters and some genuinely imaginative quests that rewards careful planning and thinking things through, something modern games seem to have abandoned in favour of letting players just facetank everything. The challenges combined with the brilliant characters just make winning so much better, especially when that one fight you thought was impossible suddenly turns out to be easier than eating cake when you think to try one of the fun little counters to whatever was petrifying you/eating you/setting you on fire/Charming Minsc, setting him to BLEND and sending him back after you.Carrying a character through from a level one scrub in Baldur's Gate and into Baldurs Gate two then onto Throne of Bhaal is an amazing journey full of frustration, laughter, lots of swearing and ultimately watching your level 40 character effortlessly wipe out entire armies is something everyone should do at least once.Hamsters and rangers everywhere, rejoice!"
,Recommended,257350,8719643,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,TekDragon,"Baldur's Gate 2 EE is frequently (but not always) given the crown for best of the classic isometric Forgotten Realms RPGs, and that reputation is well deserved. With a dark and provacative main story arc, the ability to play as both good and evil with alignment-appropriate companions, side quests with enough content to rival main quests in other games, compelling companions with deep stories, and a RTwP (real time w/ pause) combat system that manages to make combat both chaotic and strategic - BG2EE should be a slam-dunk recommend. Unfortunately the game does have flaws, and I'll use this review to detail these weaknesses so that users on the fence can make an informed decision before buying.BG2EE owes much of its incredible story to the environment in which its set. The Dungeons and Dragons universe is rich with both lore and mechanics. While the game unarguably benefits from the rich lore, the same cannot be said of the mechanics. The AD&D ruleset, cumbersome and obtuse even in its time during pen and paper play, is a harsh ruleset for a PC RPG.New players will need to spend a substantial amount of time learning about AC, THAC0, weapon proficiences, Ability Score modifiers, weapon enchantment levels, combat protection spells, spell protection spells, various dispels, and so much more. Diving into the game without a basic understanding of these rules will almost certainly lead to a 'gimped' charachter and near-guaranteed slaughter by certain encounters.The need for an intimate understanding of the rulesets is made worse by the choices the developers made in crafting companions. Your companions, while having emotionally compelling stories that draw you deeply into the game, will join your party with weapon profeciencies and leveling decisions that are questionable (at best). My recommendation on this is to download EEKeeper and use it to tweak your companions' weapon proficiencies. Problem solved, so long as you have the dicipline to not break the game by boosting instead of tweaking.You'll find another flaw with BG2EE when you examine how the story is balanced. Completionists (as I imagine most hardcore RPG players looking at this title are) will want to complete all available sidequests before advancing to the next main story chapter. In BG1EE, this worked fine. Every chapter unlocked additional sidequests in a relatively steady flow. Not so in BG2EE. You'll step out of the introductory dungeon with the vast majority of the game's sidequests front loaded. Literally dozens of hours of deep, rich content that will you keep you enthralled for days before you even touch the main quest.Normally this wouldn't be an issue, and most would consider it a good thing, except the main story arc's hook is to remove from play one of your best (imo) companion choices. This made party selection more difficult than it needed to be, at least for me.To wrap this review up, which has now become my longest review to date, I'll say this:If you're willing to play the prequel and immerse yourself in the story and willing to take the time to learn the mechanics, plan out your party choices, and use EEKeeper to  tweak those companions - Baldur's Gate 2 EE will be guaranteed to be one of your most unforgetable gaming experiences. If not, you're still likely to have a great time, but the experience may be tainted by frustration and confusion."
76561198025606975,Not Recommended,257350,22338937,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,radioactivekid_2,No update has completly ruined the game. Feels like a whole new game and not in a good way. Graphics are worse. Cant click between menus anymore. Journal is a mess. Just awful. Really dissapointed as used to be a fab game.
,Recommended,257350,15180524,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Azimuth,"Baldur's Gate II:EE is the combined pack of Shadows of Amn+Throne of Bhaal which continue and conclude the story of Gorion's ward and their ascension into Godhood. BGII is arguably one of the best roleplaying games of all time with an incredibly deep, intricately woven and dark story that plays host to one of the best game villains and a plethora of tangential side missions, stories and npcs that make the world of Faerun come to life.Shadows of Amn's story begins shortly after the events of the original Baldur's Gate, the opening cinematic and cutscene opens with your character being the unwilling constituent in the antagonist's demented BDSM fantasies. Little is revealed initially other than his name,Irenicusand he has shown some interest in you, or more specifically your heritage. His experiments are quickly interrupted by a besieging rival guild and in the ensuing chaos you are able to escape and you begin your journey in pursuit of Irenicus and his ilk to seek out your revenge.Your adventure will see you travel the city of coin,Athkatlaand the surrounding countryside of Amn as you pursue Irenicus down the Sword Coast. Throughout your travels you'll slowly learn the motivations and misdeeds that drive Irenicus and your interactions with him reveal the true nature of your lineage. Irenicus is a solid and well written antagonist although he isn't as insidious or devious as Sarevok.Defeating Irenicus will throw you into Throne of Bhaal which is the culmination of the Bhaalspawn saga which pits you against the other most powerful Bhaalspawn in aHighlander-esque showdown to become the reincarnation of Bhaal himself.'There can be only one..'The gameplay is essentially unchanged from the first Baldur's Gate, at least at its core, it's still very tactical realtime combat with the ability to pause. Overall though the 'meta' is very different with [arcane] spellcasters beingverystrong in BGII due to the increased level cap and access to higher level spells and the abundance of powerful items, where as BGI was much easier as a warrior. Generally though the combat feels more enjoyable with a wider array of tools at your disposal and a greater array of vastly differing enemies to fight makes many battles feel varied and memorable. The further you push through the story of SoA and into ToB the more action oriented the game and combat will become as enemies get tougher and your character grows stronger. The increase in action will help accomodate for the weaker story in ToB. Overall though the combat is still very slow comparatively with any Arpg as it is designed to take some level of strategy and meticulous planning to succeed in BGII.Graphically the Baldur's Gate series is timelessly beautiful because of the development decision to use painted 2d backdrops. The spell effects still look amazing and vary greatly between spells. The character models on the otherhand have not aged well and look very bland, pixelated and blurry but is a minor grievance in the grand scheme of things.Having completed this game several times now, both playing with a full player created party, solo and then picking up npcs along the way the game offers a lot of replayability whether it be from the particular challenges and different strategies required of each class during fights with certain enemies and bosses or from the story arcs and commentary provided by the npcs you choose. This is a thinking man's game so if you're looking for a game with which to turn your brain off and have some mindless fun you may wish to reconsider. Those looking for a challenge and a riveting story this is the game for you. On a personal note, this is one of my favourite games of all time and I recommend it wholeheartedly, especially to those that enjoy a good rpg."
,Recommended,257350,31390930,Posted: 27 April,all,fabio.ticconi,"Ah.. BG2. The game I love the most, and that only DA:O came close to IMHO.The Enhanced Edition adds a lot of content for the new NPCs, as expected. I liked their quests and it's nice to have new good-quality content for a game I replay every now and then.In additions to this, bug fixes and graphical improvements are what you get with the EEs. For a serial BG-replayer like me, it was really necessary."
,Recommended,257350,29267886,Posted: 15 January,all,Dr. Doctor,"TL; DR: 'Learn hard to enjoy hard.'That about sums up my thoughts on BG series, unless one is an original D&D fan and knows most of the rules and spells already.BG isn't like the latest Blizzard games. It doesn't explain you much about anything, let alone a proper tutorial. There are dozens of status effects and you need to know how to counter them using the right spell which you might have or not if you didn't know about it. You have to pause a lot and make strategic moves, and I'm sure that this isn't rly familiar to younger generations unless they have been playing Dragon Age. This is definitely not easy to learn, thus you need to 'learn hard to enjoy hard.'You might not like the term though. Why bother learning how to play this game when there are hundreds of other games that are much more newbie-friendly? This probably is the reason why the review score goes down every big sale; people buy it, doesn't get it, quit and thumbs down.So back to the point. If you ask me why bother learning, this is my answer:  BG will let you conquer the game itself.In Diablo, you will kill enemies using different weapons, and skills. It's not a matter of strategy, but a combination.In BG, at first, you may step on traps. You may spend a long time to gear up different party members. You may be frustrated to control all characters at once. You may become paranoid at enemy mages, and be vulnerable against status effects.After some time, traps wouldn't bother you anymore, and you may like it as a source of exp. You will learn how to gear up your party members properly. You will be using pause at a right moment and command all your characters at once. You will learn how to interfere enemy mages, and remove status effects.After considerable amount of time, enemies will be stepping on your traps. You will minmax every characters in different save files and do funny things. You won't need to pause anymore. Enemies will be paranoid at your mage and status effects, while you will simply prevent bad status effects from your party.As time goes by, the things that you've hated for the most will start to work on your favor, and you will be able to try different strategies. This feeling of accomplishment and variety is probably why people still like and play BG.If you are ready for it, BG can be a historical masterpiece for you. If you are not, you might see it as an obsolete piece of drek. It's up to you, really. And as a fan of this game, I hope you give chance at it and stick with it a little more before you quit. You will see the turning point, as I did."
76561198032436948,Not Recommended,257350,22421413,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Z Lethal,"This game was a serious mistake.  Buy the regular version from GoG instead.  Beamdog should be absolutely ashamed of themselves for what they have done to one of the most definitive CRPGs in the entire genre.  Do not buy this, or anything else from their company.It's like someone made bad fanfiction into a videogame.  It's worse than amateurish, it's a lazy, poorly written, buggy attempt at a cash out of nostalgia."
76561198072081866,Not Recommended,257350,28589672,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,insite,"This a review on both BG/BG2 EE.Beamdog has proven to be nothing but money-milking company. Claiming to be the most hardcore BG fans blah blah they actually showed a complete lack of knowledge of the game concept. People modded this game for an eternity before them and did a MUCH greater job in actually enhancing original title. None of these improvements were implemented in EE-versions of both BG/BG2. Instead they introduced a horrible UI design (that applies mostly to BG1 but still - compare their UI to BG tutu, for instance), disgusting new art/cinematic/portraits made in a complete different style, that distracts and ruin the whole atmosphere. Tons of bugs and glitches were introduced with the initial releases only to trigger numerous patches, that... brought new bugs. And what are these bugs? Camera zoom level being reset after leaving/entering the zone, commands not being issued after the first click etc. We are ""enchancing"" a 98' game, remember?But that aside, what i really hoped for was the actual enhancing of battle system as there were tons of great mods like scs that screamed to be implemented in EE version along with the option to tweak the difficulty on the fly, w/o the need of 3rd party programs, different difficulty settings etc etc. Instead we got none of this. Ye, they left a modding option (right, you needed to ""mod the enhanced verion"" to actually play the game), only to release so called EE 2.0 later on that brought an end to 20 years of hard work of modding. 99% of mods are incompatible with it. Wohoo! And yes, they intoduced a new difficulty to compansate. Kappa. All it does is 10 times increased mobs hp-pools so your first fight (in tutorial) takes a year and half with 1032377 game loads. Keep up the good work, beamdog. True BG fans!"
76561197976349940,Recommended,257350,8815698,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,RedisSupreme(TC),"I love deep, classic RPG's. It uses 3rd edition Dungeons and Dragons rules which give this game good complexity. The writting is epic. The music full. The visuals and aesthetic are immersive and detailed. Its not hard to see why Bioware wanted to pull aspects from this game for the Dragon Age franchise.Bottom line, buy this game and buy it now."
,Recommended,257350,26312434,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Lux,"It's just as good as ever, even after ~15 years."
76561198069159152,Recommended,257350,31168370,Posted: 15 April,all,wrb41977,"The sequel to the original Baldur's Gate. Baldur's Gate II introduces you to new companions and new locations. The Expansions are also included in the Enhanced Edition, which will take you to the Planes and complete your adventure. This is a classic BioWare game updated slightly, including a few new characters (three that were also in the Enhanced Edition of the first volume, one that was not).My playtime on this title is slightly scewed as I played mostly offline, before the addition of achievements."
76561198079882415,Recommended,257350,31579960,Posted: 6 May,all,mhasemore,"Well... after finishing this game, I was taken back to a time when true Roleplaying freedom actually existed, where a developer truly cared about their game and work, back when Bioware were reaching the top of their game. This truly a deep, rich and satisfying RPG, one of the best I've played, even compared to Mass Effect and Witcher.I was quite used to the isometric style fresh out of playing BG1, Neverwinter Nights, Divinity Original Sin, and Fallout 1/2. As such, I adjusted quickly to the play style and was able to play on Core Rules on my first playthrough, though this proved quite challenging at times.The gameplay is pretty much the same as BG1, though the expanded level cap and abilities open up new possibilities with how your party can operate. It also makes otherwise weak characters quite potent. Mages are still the most powerful class due to the sheer amount of spells available, and this also makes combat quite dynamic and require preparation and strategy. Perhaps too much, it felt - some abilities are needed, like Breach, Greater Whirlwind, Time Stop, etc... so some research helps with higher difficulties. Pausing is pretty much needed on high difficulties as killing mages is usually a priority, and positioning your tanks appropriately goes a long way to surviving battles.Sound and voice acting are very good and atmospheric, but was quite subdued for most of the game. However, the amount of character interactions more than make up for it. In BG1 there was barely any, but in this game each character has the amount of dialogue with you that Mass effect did. The romance I had was actually very deep and led to a very satisfying ending for my story, and when I finished the game, I felt genuinely happy with my time with these characters, but also sad as if saying goodbye.The graphics for the environments look very beautiful with its rich colours appropriate to each setting. The character models are not as sharp, unfortunately, but so long as you don't zoom in too much, its not very noticeable.The difficulty can be a problem as you go along, however, If you don't follow a walkthrough, chances are you'll miss a really powerful item that turns future encounters easy, rather than frustrating bordering on impossible if you don't have it. That'll be a frustration for anyone who plays the first time through, though perhaps it would be more sensible to play on a lower difficulty first.All in all, this is one of the RPG experiences that I probably won't forget. It hearkens back to that feeling of being fully immersed in the setting and invested in your character, because you feel like you are the character. It never feels like you're forced into anything... with the exception of one or two dialogue choices. On that note, I also really liked how they handled dragons in this game. Unlike Dragon Age, it never forces dragon slaying down your throat, and the dragons are actually powerful, mystical creatures rather than cannon fodder they are in Dragon Age. The game also lets you spare them even when it's impractical, and I really appreciate that given how many games force you to fight them nowadays.This game is truly a testament to what RPGs are at their best... but also a sad reminder of how far Bioware has fallen. It seems a symptom of modern day video game industry, and unavoidable. However, I would say support games like this, where the developers show their creativity, care and attention to detail and who deliver rich and satisfying game experiences. This game has what most game nowadays lack: heart."
76561197971747031,Recommended,257350,32834548,Posted: 26 June,all,FraGmenToR,"Hands down one of the best RPGs that has ever graced the world.  You can achieve the same buying the original and installing mods.  But quite honestly, i value my time more than i value the money.  So that makes this worth the purchase.  This is by far better than its predecessor.  And really gave an avenue to all those people who play D&D back in the heyday of the 80s."
76561198055477745,Recommended,257350,19159507,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Grayshield,"OK, so a little background. I've been playing this game for years and loved it. Unfortunatly I lost the disks during a recent move and was crushed to learn I could play my fav game. I've never really used steam and when I was surfing the store I saw this on sale for $10. Needless to say I was delighted to no end. I bought there and was surprised by all the added content to the original game.I have probably several hundred hours on the old version and this new Extended Edition has made some changes that I find interesting and helpful.BGEE has some small changes such as loot finder, improved combat rolls, character creation, inventory perks, ect. But the change that got my attention was the item stacking increase.I have played about every role there is to play in this game, but my most favorite is the ranger/Archer. The old problem was never having enough arrows. The old game had arrows in stacks of 40, now they stack to 80. Potions as well have increased up to 20, the old was 5. Small but very important changes like this make the game more enjoyable without having to fret over the constant nuscience of running out of supplies all the time.Also there is a inreased amount of data availible about Armor Class, Damage Throws, Thaco, ect. that wasn't in the original. You can now see how much damage your charcters can take and deal (and how fast) with relative ease. Another useful feature, is the fact you can now zoom in and out to adjust the point of veiw of the game. A wider range of resalutions give the most access to play on any screen (I'm playing on a laptop). The perk about the EE is that it plays seemlessly with any version of windows. I'm currebtly running on Windows 8 and works without a hitch thus far.If you've played this before and need more information on the changes made you visit the community page (also many tips on what class to start with and the changes made to the roles of each one). All in all a very good remastering of a classic and deffinatly recommend this game to new and old players alike.Happy Gaming :)"
76561198031088797,Recommended,257350,8608956,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,jsjoshstacey,"Owners of the original may post comments like this is the same game repackaged and they already did all of this with free mods....... Well they would be correct mostly however there are a few notable improvements, mainly the new introduction of multiple new characters each with there own areas and quests thrown in which does provide quite a few extra hours of interesting places to explore. The other note I will make on people who owned the previous game is that not everyone is into messing around with mods and tweaking the game, what this does is pretty much give you all those tweaks in a nice easy to use bundle which suits me just fine.For those of you that have never played baldurs gate 2 or the first one I would suggest getting that one first and then playing through. The reason why is because this in my opinion is simply Bioware's story telling at it's absolute finest, you know the good stuff before EA came along and basically♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the companies games  like they did so many other's ""cough mass effect"". ""cough dragon age 2"". Not that i really had over tone problems with dragon age 2 it was just the fact that I had to upset my companions by turning down the OTT sexual harressment from my general party members if your into that it's cool not judging but anyway i digress. #Ultimately however I have written this review off the top of my head in about the last 2 minutes so it is most probably full of typo's and spelling errors feel free to correct me.Solid combat systemSolid inventory systemSolid plot lineSolid party characters that you can love I mean Minsc is da manSolid villans both first and second game.When you consider that they can create these characters without the CGI of newer games like mass effect or the voice over acting just done through partial voice acting and mostly text is a testament to how well written the dialogue in this game is.The more notable flaws I would say are in summationHas not really done much to improve on the original few extra chars and high resCertain classes do have limited abilities however this is probably because they stayed quite true to the D&D rule set 2nd edition could be third... unsure never played D&D off the computer.Certain classes defintely kick out way more power at certain levels to others this game can be power gamed.Few bugs in places but nothing major imo.Action pace can be slow for some but i liked this made me feel emersed in the game like i actually was going to a tavern and meeting characters and conversing instead of just fight fight fight...."
,Not Recommended,257350,22350717,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,You wouldn't download a car,♥♥♥♥ Beamdog.
,Recommended,257350,10711848,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,nueman43,"Best RPG game ever. Engaging storylines, romantic subplots, and real time action."
,Recommended,257350,30131896,Posted: 23 February,all,CHOCOLATE!!,QUICK!!!! B4 U BUY:You must gather your party before *BUYING THIS EPIC GAME*
76561197990006514,Recommended,257350,33088253,Posted: 1 July,all,[FSG] jemmer17,"One of the greatest RPG's of all time, right up there with the original Fallout games in story telling quality. I always love how your NPC party members can banter together and there are so many dialog options."
,Recommended,257350,26104084,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Snaith,"Best RPG I have ever played, the first time around and again. The Enhanced Edition left the magic intact."
76561198015360343,Recommended,257350,13658048,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ched,"greatest RPG ever made, ever"
76561197970701643,Recommended,257350,8006206,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,The greatest RPG series ever made.
,Not Recommended,257350,11274907,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Vitek R,"If you have never played the Baldurs Gate series, then purchase the classic edition and play that with some quality of life mods.  If you have, then keep playing the classic editions with those mods.  The added content from this Enhanced Edition ranges from pointless to mediocre, and the best part (the Black Pits II) is so utterly bug ridden that if you can get a character through a couple battles then consider yourself to have earned a steam achievement.  If you can get a single party properly imported from Baldurs Gate Enhanced Edition version of the Black Pits (this games Enhanced predcessor) then add another achievment to your wall of meaningless trophies.  Give yourself about 10 trophies if you can get through either games original campaign without an interesting, brand new to the EE bug that stops you in your tracks and forces at best a fall back to an older save (you are saving every 12 seconds yes?  that should be part of the Store page for these flawed and broken releases).What it boils down to is this:  this game is inferior in every way that its possible to be to the original or digital releases of the games, with some mods applied.  Graphically, stability wise, and content wise, this is a sad and pitiful insult to what might be the best RPG franchise in history.  Oh, and there are some changes to the original games cutscenes that, for some people, are heinous because they change the tone of certain areas.  I am not that bothered by it, you can always look at the original cutscenes on youtube, but its something that should be noted.  Its the bugginess and lack of anything meaningful added that gives these EE's a big fat NOPE.gif"
,Recommended,257350,7834327,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,dagger_inferno,"Pros:One of the best stories of any RPG ever made.There is almost 0 hand holding.New content is excellent. Hexxat is a really cool new character.The game is pretty difficult, but if you are willing to adapt and try new things you can win. I actually have died more in BG:2 in the first 3 chapters then I have in all of dark souls and demon souls combined.Tons of improvements over the old game. The red diamond for mass looting is amazing.Cons:Gameplay really didn't age well.Found a few minor bugs, nothing game breaking yet.The slower pace takes a bit to get used to. It is an punishing game if you rush.Overall the game holds up well and I recommend it if you like any of the other games that use the infinity engine."
,Recommended,257350,7840682,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Crown of Smoke,"Quite simply the finest Dungeons and Dragons game ever made. David Warner (TRON, Star Trek TNG) is Jon Irenicus, an enigmatic and merciless mage who tortures you in captivity. You must escape, and unravel a scheme which involves the gods themselves.This is one of the most important North American RPGs released during the 96-02' golden age, and represents the pinnacle of the D&D rule system before it was ruined by Neverwinter Nights.This is the definitive edition of the game, and it is worth owning digitally for all time. New characters and content have been added, and you can import your character from Baldur's Gate I: Enhanced Edition.Your characters growth is intimidating--you can begin as a level 1 rookie, and by the conclusion of the final game, depending on your imported saved games, you and your party can end up as powerful as demigods."
76561198061637872,Recommended,257350,25086617,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Wolf ExMachina,"This game was my first RPG, once upon a time, and my first taste of D&D. Now it's back, all shiny and new. I'm loving it."
76561198005151454,Recommended,257350,7764822,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Blackred,"Rated on many sites and top-games of all time as one of the best true RPG games you can ever experience.It lives true to its name if you are a keen RPG fan (NOT to be confused as a hack n Slash RPG i.e. Diablo).Although this is a remake, the devs have breathed in new life into a almost perfect game of its time with updated compatiblity of higher-res, new quests, new characters and eliminated its inherent bugs.The graphics are dated, but still AMAZING for an aging game.I recommend this to all true RPG fans, as the replayablity is immense, the story 10/10, the depth of game play is deep and an all round winner, refreshed for the modern age.People say it is not worth the price, but I've bought all the iterations of this game and its expansions thorughout the years. Its worthy of a collector's item"
76561198042063210,Not Recommended,257350,22448119,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,sconi_d,What a mess 2.0 has been. I am so sad for Minsc and Boo :(
,Not Recommended,257350,24290881,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Aribeth,"Loved this game. Ever since it came out originally and have played it multiple times thoughout the years. Decided to get it on steam so I would always have it handy as I kept misplacing it. All was well, just like the game I remembered and loved, THAT IS UNTIL!!!    Why did they have to update it, they have completely ruined it. I have uninstalled and reinstalled using original version, yet to see if this will make a difference but I can see I am not the only one who is displeased with new update so thought I would add my two pennies worth. You never know if enough people complain they may think twice before messing with a classic in the future!P.S Reinstalling using original version did work, obviously you cant join multiplayer unless you are all on the same version so there arn't many people on but interface is original and that is what really counts, right? Anyone wanting to play original just go to the game in your library, properties, then betas. Click on top version and install from there! Baldurs Gate the way it was meant to be seen!!"
,Recommended,257350,25471730,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,FDG,before you buy this gamegather your party before venturing forth
76561198054292571,Not Recommended,257350,23637631,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,bhaalspawn,"Possibly the greatest game of all time has been destroyed, if you want BG 1 or 2 buy original non EE versions."
,Recommended,257350,34827814,Posted: 8 September,all,tieio,"Good remake of the amazing original. Do you remember playing this game the first time? If you loved it, this enhanced edition will take you back, in a very good way."
76561197989366318,Recommended,257350,31781291,Posted: 15 May,all,WulfBane,"If you enjoyed the first Baldur's Gate, you're going to have a great time with Baldur's Gate II. I never played the original, so I'm not sure how the Enhanced Edition compares, but I enjoyed playing almost every minute, start to finish.Although I didn't start playing Baldur's Gate II until a couple years after I beat the first Baldur's Gate, the stoyline literally picks up right where the first ended and keeps going for a great climatic end. From what I remember of the first game, this sequel does a much better job with combat scenarios in general. You don't have to worry too much about ridiculous fights that were the norm in Icewind Dale, too.Overall, a great and must-have RPG for everybody."
76561197972751307,Not Recommended,257350,15471813,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Tomcat,"Me and a few friends picked up this game on sale because we wanted to play through the game on co-op. It's a lot of fun, but borderline unplayable due to the constant glitches and how often the game crashed, especially during cutscenes. It's been about a year and a half, and so far none of the patches have fixed it. No amount of uninstalling or reinstalling has fixed it. The single player is still great, but if you pick this game up to play with friends, beware."
,Recommended,257350,7969135,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,TooNu,"Don't take my word for it, read these qoutes from the most amazing PC gaming journalists and see for yourself how great BG2 is:""Best RPG ever!""""The ultimate fantasy RPG experience!!""""Beautifully made, hand painted back grounds!""""A carnival of exquisite pleasure!""""More Dungeons and Dragons than you can shake a +3 Flail of the ages at!""""Real choices! real consequences! A real sense that you are a REAL adventurer!""- 10/10Bestgamesever.com- 5/5 Super PC games mag- 9,5/10Totalbadassgamingexperience.com- 4,8/5RickPeterShoggoth.comWINNER OF AWARDS:- 2000, THE JEWEL ENCRUSTED LION- Palm' Door', 2000, 2001- Las Vegas XPOE best in Show, 2000- Indie award best non-indie game ""Play for Stephen"" award, 2001- PC Greatest GREATEST Hits rank.14 2004- PC Greatest GREATEST ULTIMATE hits rank.15, 2006"
76561198002550932,Recommended,257350,33725492,Posted: 22 July,all,WolfCatDog,Probably the biggest and best RPG that will ever exist.
76561197974256075,Recommended,257350,7978529,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Chep,Unquestionably the best RPG ever made.
,Recommended,257350,11099235,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Jack T | Cødê,Best RPG of all time. Period.
76561198011794827,Not Recommended,257350,30024314,Posted: 18 February,all,Verseven,Fun classic game.  Not as compatible as I would like with a bunch of old mods.This version seems to be really unstable and frequently crashes on my computer making it basically unplayable.  There are a few points in the game where it always crashes making progress impossible.
,Not Recommended,257350,24492623,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,IR0N,Glad I still own the original CDs
76561198019865661,Recommended,257350,7705194,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,The Justicar,"It's just a classic. The pinnacle of Western RPG's. Ignore, or rather, embrace, the old graphics, and get lost in the story and the world. And ALWAYS go for the eyes!"
76561198034801058,Recommended,257350,26017337,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,76561198034801058,"Quite simply one of the finest video games ever made, and the enhanced edition brings it kicking and screaming into the modern world..."
76561198029205260,Recommended,257350,9968531,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Assault and Vinegar,"This game can be buggy. It can be frustratingly hard. At times, it will even make you question the morality of turnip farming.Overall though, it is such an amazing RPG experience that the flaws will seem insignificant. I could ramble on about the battle mechanics or the learning curve, but those comments speak to people who've already played BG or BG2. The best advice I can give anyone considering buying this game is that it will eat your life, so beware."
,Recommended,257350,16955250,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Spider,"It's Baldur's Gate, one of the last epic RPGs. It's great. The EE content though, is surprisingly awful. It's not a complete wash, but it hurts to play. You get 3 cookie cutter responses for most of the dialogue. The voice acting is terrible (Neera was voiced well though), the writing is weak and the whole thing feels incredibly out of place.Buy the game anyway. It's a legendary title that deserves many replays."
76561198043563198,Recommended,257350,11309433,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Arcallah,"Love this game, spent dozens of hours on it when released and will spend dozens more on it again. Superb storyline and great port of pen and paper to PC - we wouldn't have so many of the great RPGs without this and other games of the era."
76561198007011351,Recommended,257350,8101023,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,jean.luc.novaro,"Very good game, but we don't have other language of english currently.realize a french version please !!!"
76561197990943410,Recommended,257350,9059945,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Xerxes1811,"Buy it, play it, love it.  I love the fact that this version is all modded and patched up.  I've played the GOG version also, but you have to install a bunch of mods to get it to work right on modern systems.  Even then it still didn't look right to me on my wide screen monitor.  I've played mostly on my iPad (have both versions), but this game really is probably in the top 5 ever for RPGs. This is not a modern RPG that holds your hand everywhere, this game is tactical and challenging, it will chew you up and spit you out sometimes, but when you win a tough battle based on your tactics, it's so rewarding!  I support these guys 100%."
,Recommended,257350,9484101,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,WhickedChild,"I only recommend this game if your going to play it solo, the multiplayer or co-op aspect has way to many bugs and whoever your playing with, their characters get deleted for no apparently reason. Great game brought back alot of memories, just wish the co-op actually worked."
,Recommended,257350,7908938,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Aeris,"Best game ever!You can see such comments on many games or films.But It is really interesting feeling that writing ""best game ever!"" under the best game ever.It is stil really good playing old version and i have been praying for a long time to see a game like that and i found that EE versions very successful. Do not change game play, fixing bugs, better but original graphs, that's a very good idea. I've bough twice (from beamdog and here) both game just to support such workings."
76561197989716933,Recommended,257350,8004456,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,DonRadkos,"Baldur's Gate 2 is the definition of RPG done right. Involving story, loveable characters(Minsc, man how can you not love the guy?), beautifully crafted enviroments and challenging combat (magic rocks!).Essentially, Baldur's Gate is for RPGs what Lord of the Rings was for Western Fantasy in general.If you enjoyed Dragon Age Origins a few years back, or ever spent your time filling out character sheets for pen and paper role playing games this is the perfect pick. Added multiplayer support ensures easy way to play with your friends"
,Recommended,257350,8188190,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Smoke,"One of the best RPGs I have had the privilege to play.Memorable music, rich dialogue, and complex relationships; Baldur's gate II: Enhanced Edition will leave you wanting more after each play session.I had played this game since the early 2000s, and if it's one thing I find incredibly fascinating; it's that every time I play the game, I discover many new things. There are (many) areas in this game, and many NPCs who react to you based on a wide array of variables. This is a game for those who crave a game that is not predictable.There are many classes to choose from, as well as sub-classes within the primary base classes. For example, you may choose to become a mage, but from there you may choose a specialist sub-class (E.G, Illusionists, Necromancers, and so on.)There are countless quests, and many of them are not even directly related to the overall storyline, but are a glimpse into the rich brand that is ""The Forgotten Realms.""I HIGHLY recommend this to any RPG enthusiasts out there, and I would also like to say that the graphics look wonderful in this edition. The text is very clear and HD-friendly. The 2D isometric graphics maintain their beauty and look very pleasing to the eye. For all of those people who choose to make the purchase - enjoy!"
,Recommended,257350,8197716,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,NA,This still holds up as the best classic RPG game ever. Now being able to play it without going into system admin mode is nice.
76561198056034833,Recommended,257350,8267168,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Kaspar Valentino,"Enjoy a new version of an old favorite... same game, cleaned up for wide screen with some new characters and an arena expansion added. And if you've never played before, enjoy one of the greatest RPGs ever made. Go for the eyes, Boo!"
,Recommended,257350,8886243,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,SiSu,"Some bugs, if youve never played the original and dont know when a bug is in effect take a look at the communities updated active bug list before starting (im talking about you watchers keep map bug); there are sokme pretty easy work arounds/fixes using console. other than that, so far the additional charaacters dont seem to be as deep as the originals of the game. Would still highly recommmend. Great game,"
76561197961088742,Recommended,257350,32937348,Posted: 28 June,all,Sky,Great game with alright storyline works well with friends.
,Recommended,257350,10613158,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Stooo,"Best RPG ever, the new version gives you a decent chunk of new content and most of the convenience of the lightweight mods without having to hunt them down"
,Recommended,257350,13890032,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,NERO,"For hardcore BG fanatics, the Enhanced Edition will not exactly blow you away with new content, but it's port to the 1080p resolution is well done. If you're on a tight budget then just mod the original games, but pick this up if you can. The team of designers behind this had a lot of fixes to implement, and overall I'd say they did a great job. This version of BG2 feels nicely polished and is a good way to experience the old school greatness of its time on a modern computer system. Let's support products like this so that we keep the spirit of these great games alive and well."
,Recommended,257350,16901498,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Wind Brahmin,"As the sequel to BG1, BG2 picks up on new adventures with old and new characters alike. Quests will take you through the huge world of DnD as you uncover more of the story left off from BG1.My personal favorite feature is the ability to import a character from BG1 to use right from BG2. This is not required, but it adds more sentiment to your character in my opinion, as well as adds some flow to the game and story.The graphics and gameplay are roughly the same, but the gameplay is expanded on a bit more simply due to the fact that all characters are higher level and; therefore, have better rewards for completing tasks.BG2 is so well done that it feels like all of the Baldur's Gate games are one big adventure waiting to be played and finished in any way you choose. Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,257350,18299194,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Guy Montag,"I could easily write pages upon pages extolling the virtues of this game, but this is 2015 and we should be realistic, so I will simply and concisely explain why this is the greatest game of all time....but not the most fun.1.) The Writing - Quite simply, above and beyond anything you find in most modern games.  A compelling story (IF YOU LIKE HIGH FANTASY), memorable characters, beautiful set-pieces, and the best flavor text in any game...well, maybe ever.  If you love fantasy epics, this one is a classic!2.) The D&D - Let's face it: this is a Dungeons and Dragons game.  For people playing it for that reason, it delivers!  A perfectly (well...mostly) executed take on 2nd/3rd editions, with the best parts of both (THAC0 forever!) mixed together in a way that translates well.  To get the true D&D experience, show the dice rolls in terminal and and pause after every round.3.) The Graphic Design - Yes, by today's standards, this looks like an indy game.  But what a game!  Beautiful static backgrounds...I mean, hang them on your wall gorgeous.  Excellent effects that made the spells and effects really pop off the screen.  Detailed, well animated sprites that gave the characters a sense of life that other, similar games still struggle to achieve.  The monsters were so varied and detailed, it's a wonder the game didn't win more awards than it did.There are some downsides.  It's a big game, takes hundreds of hours to do everything.  The gameplay can be frustratingly hard for the uninitiated (PROTIP: drink all the potions!!!!), and the lack of quest markers and waypoints and glowing exclamation points means the casual gamer will be lost without a walk-through guide.But if you're like me - and if you are reading this, you probably are - and you want an old-school, authentic experience, BG2 is IT!  It's a masterpiece that I will continue to play into my waning years.  GOAT"
76561198041083943,Recommended,257350,8202683,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,kmcguig,More like Baldur's Great... too.
76561198031665721,Recommended,257350,7934237,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Madhax,"Can never rate BG2 bad. That being said there's important functionality missing in the game, most notably an interface to editing Baldur.ini. The default baldur.ini uses only 32000 path nodes, it was obvious to me in gameplay because some party members would take the longest path across a map. You can edit it by hand which does help."
76561197970903071,Recommended,257350,7834754,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,cjergl,"More than a nostalgia trip. After 10 minutes it becomes impossible to put it away. Once your brain let's go of the idea of graphic immersion, you realize that without it there are other ways to engage you and tell an immersive story. Really stellar!"
76561197989721103,Recommended,257350,7932720,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Blacksheep,Probably one of my all time favorite RPG's. The game play is fun and entertaining and the story is amazing. I keep making new characters and playing it over and over.
,Recommended,257350,12986999,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Thamior Silberdrache,"Well, what to say about this one? On many RPG-game community-sites, Baldur's Gate still ranks in Top 10 (just like the first part, Planescape: Torment and some other RPG games of Black Isles) although it is quite old and there is a reason for it.Baldur's Gate II is a party based isometric strategical aD&D RPG game with a deep storyline, moral choices, real interaction between your NSCs, lore to almost no end... Almost anything a real good RPG needs.ICompared to the first part of the series, there are some differences. The story is more linear. You have less open-world exploration but are driven either to your next main quest or to one of many subquests. This reduces the risk of newcomers getting lost in endless exploration without knowing what they have to do next, but I realy liked the true open-worldness of the first part, so this is a little downside in my opinion.Everything else is still the same old-school RPG-style like the first part. So it is realy some kind of must-have for hardcore RPG gamers. Oh, and you can import your character from the first part which is a big pro for this game. There are only very few series which allow really carrying over your char.This edition is shipped with the ""Throne of Bhaal""-AddOn which was not the best Add-On Black Isles ever made. The story and the enemys truely seem overloaded and a lot exxagerated most of the time and so are the items and the  ""epic"" skills your characters will achieve to beat the game (which is not very hard, even on increased difficulty levels). Buit still it concludes the ""Bhaalspawn""-storyline of the series.The Enhanced Edition comes with another campaign ""The Black Pits II"" continuing the arena-fighting campaign from the enhanced edition of the first part with even more arena fighting, but also with a deeper story and more tactical options and more roleplaying between the fights.It also has enhanced graphics compared to the original game and some new NSCs with their own subquests and interactions. Some of them you might know from the Enhanced Edition of the first part.The enhanced edition also has some new character classes, skills and spells, but those are only bonusses. If you already own the original game, have some great mods installed and don't like arena-fighting, this enhanced edition might not be worth buying, but for all the others it is clearly a recommendation."
76561197980175784,Recommended,257350,17291798,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Ian,One of the best RPG's of all time! This game and Fallout 2 are probably tied for best isometric RPG ever. Beamdog has done an excellent job of bringing 3/5 of the old infinity engine games back to snuff. They've preserved everything that was great about these games while making them compatible with new hardware. There have been several significant updates that have cleared up a lot of the bugs that were present upon release. I recently installed Planescape Torment and fan-patched it but it wasn't anywhere near the level of polish as this. I really hope they makeover Planescape next
76561198066623824,Recommended,257350,10926366,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Rediculosity,"Amazing rpg that stands the test of time.well written story and well written NPCs(mostly) they you will love(mostly)Shadows of Amn story was my favorite.2nd ed D&D terminology may be a bit confusing to someone newer though.THAC0 (to hit armor class zero) - chance to hit with attacks basically, lower = better-Effects with ""+x to THAC0"" will actually lower this value, which is goodAC - Armor class - how well armored you are, lower = better-Effects with ""+x to Armor Class"" actually lower this value, which is goodSaving Throws - die roll you would need to save against a specific effect. lower =  better-Effects with ""+x to saving throws"" actually lower this value, which is goodOnly piece of advice I'd give is this:Spellcasters will ruin your day with crowd control through confusion/fear/stun if you cant deal with them quickly.5th lvl Wizard spell ""Oracle"" = best way to dispel their invisibility.5th lvl Wizard spell ""Breach"" = best way to dispel their protection spells to kill them fast.and dont be afraid to use the quicksave feature. this game is very unforgiving in some ways, especially your first playthrough."
,Recommended,257350,13287913,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,here's connor,"Since I was about 5 or 6, I loved to watch my dad play fantasy games like EverQuest, Oblivion and Baldur's Gate II. When I was 7, my dad gave me my very own copy to play. Now I'm 14, it's been seven years, and I still think of BGII as the best game someone could possibly buy. It has shaped my entire life, gotten me interested in the fantasy genre - not just of games, but of writing - and, best of all, gotten me interested in D&D. Soon, I'll start a session of Pathfinder as a min-maxed munchkin half-drow shadowdancer, and I expect it to be the best game I've played yet.BGII is tough. Really tough. I never actually beat Shadows of Amn legitimately until a few months ago, and even then I can't get past ToB's final battle with Amelyssan. But the game is huge, deep, rich, and complex, and I'd reccomend it to anyone with even a passing interest in fantasy."
,Recommended,257350,33047992,Posted: 30 June,all,Kernel Panic,Fantastic Version of BG2... great game to pick up and play every so often.  Some nice enhancements made to improve quality of life.  One of the best RPG's of all time.  Pick it up and enjoy 100's of hours of D&D!
,Recommended,257350,34071357,Posted: 6 August,all,Sticz,"Overall impression: Excellent port of an old favoriteStats:Voice-acting/Sound; 10/10Story; 10/10Gameplay; 10/10Adventure; 10/10Graphics; 6/10.Objective View: Update of an old RPG with a few additional functions (zoom in/out) and several new characters. Added a few more evil classes, but removed some evil quests.Subjective View: This is a great game for those who have played it before. The Blackguard Paladin Kit is awesome. As are some of the new NPCs that follow you. They did take out some of the more sinister quest options which made no sense given the addition of more evil classes."
76561197970521002,Recommended,257350,8585484,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,omniceribrus,"Simply put, one of the best RPGs of all time.My only gripe with this re-release is I wish they would have fixed some of the more significant issues with the game- terrible path finding, game stopping bugs, etc. - rather than just updating the resolution and profiting."
76561198088531213,Recommended,257350,30674205,Posted: 22 March,all,SUBJ3KT17,"After all these years, this is still a great game. One which so many newer games are consistantly compared to. The story is top notch, the characters interesting, and the gameplay rewarding."
76561198023023836,Recommended,257350,30840966,Posted: 30 March,all,TopKEK,"Really good, love the remaster and all the HD stuff!"
76561197969422648,Recommended,257350,8506011,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,autolo,"Nothing really need be said, game is still as awesome as when it first came out."
,Recommended,257350,8032502,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Vyper,One of the Best RPGs ive played. Most rpgs these days cant compare to it
76561197995783238,Recommended,257350,8200684,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ExDeath730,"Baldur's Gate II, i remember how much time i played this game 6-7 years ago on my old PC, and with the Enhanced Edition, what can i say? It still holds up.Ths is probably one of the rare RPGs that can still, after all this time, evoke in me a sense of wonder and just makes me want to play it. Now, i won't review the game proper, but just the Enhanced Edition, the game is simply a masterpiece and i think at this point most of the CRPG players at least heard about it.Let's start with the first bônus. The game comes with the expansion, Throne of Bhaal, an amazing expansion that is the size of some games released today. Besides it, the entire system of Shadows of Amn is overhauled to ToB standards, and that is another good point for the Enhanced Edition. And, there's no ""mumb jumbo"" to make it work in nowadays systems, it's just install and play, simply as that, so, if you wanna enjoy this game without any problem with your OS or the hardware, this is the version to buy.About the enhancements in the game, there are the extra characters, everyone of them with content both for SoA and ToB, and...It's actually better content this time around, than the one presented in the original Enhanced Edition, so you're gonna have some fun. And better, they are romanceable, and that alone makes the replay value of the game to get even better. Of the new characters quests there is just one part that doesn't feel right depending on your protagonist...But the game is receiving feedback and it may get better.On sound an video there's not much to tell, it's the same game, but with some improvements in those areas, nothing major, so it feels like the old beast, and that is good, the BG II graphics were beatiful then and they hold up 'till now.Anyway, i recommend this game, even just for practical purposes, and is a damn fine RPG, one, if not the best."
76561198052687883,Recommended,257350,8215957,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,armagrin,"I recommend this if you are one of those people who dig out BGII and run through it every now and again, similar to Torment or perhaps the older BG.  I am one, still have BGII on my desktop, and still have the ToB CD to play through it from time to time.  I dont know why really, but I still enjoy this game after so many years.  I was rather sceptical about buying this, seeing that it didnt really seem to add much more for the $$.  However I have been pleasantly suprised.  They didn't really ramp up the graphics much - such as make it 3D or dramatically enhance the 2D quality.  I was kind of let down by this initially, but the small improvements have grown on me and it remains true to the original.  The new characters and dungeons are pretty good, and while not adding a lot of time to the game, they are still fun.  The new interface I enjoy quite a bit, and see it as a big improvement over the original.  The story remains the same, and this is the crux of what made this game great IMO.  Its like playing a good fantasy book and lacks the ham handed cheese that was so prevelant in NWN and NWN2.As far as bugs and crashes, etc.  I have had one lock up and havent seen any bugs other than a few minor graphics glitches here and there (a few sprites flutter and thats about it).  Seems very solid, runs very smooth.Its an upgrade if you still enjoy this game after so long.  If your new to it... you may not see much here worth your time.  Its an old game and this upgrade doesnt bring it up to 2013 specs.  But for what it is I really enjoyed it.  Now... if the devs can only dust off torment and do that classic justice..."
76561198038514110,Recommended,257350,33236759,Posted: 4 July,all,Oddgrim,A golden classic game that every RPG fan must play.
76561197990930454,Recommended,257350,34078495,Posted: 7 August,all,~炫光朵蜜~shining~,"best dnd game ever, not easy to learn thought"
,Recommended,257350,28139240,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,NXI | Shocks,"Let's Get Straight In!I have played Baldur's Gate I & II since release way back on early 98 or something lol, i'm now 27 and still love this game with a passion and still develop for it, the graphics were unique but decent for their time and the mechanics were again unique and amazing, classic D&D style and i recommend this game to anyone who likes Medieval/Fantasy RP Games, Mobas, or general strategy games.The game offers micro-management on a fair scale with a.i. capabilities that come in handy considering how difficult the game can be.Now don't let the games graphics fool you, this game is fast paced when it comes to combat and you need to know what you're doing, this isn't your typical hack n slash or kick back cast and nuke, some enemies have immunities, some enemies have buffs or shields that could send your spells back at your party, they could be immune to the weapon they are using, 1 well-placed spell in this game can determine an entire battle remember that.The updates for the game have been amazing and beemdog are still hard at work although a shared files system would be nice, GameSpyArcade in it's days had just down, download and use the files of the host of the server, very cool feature i think BG is missing these days but still a great game, networking does need some improving still.The new chat system isn't all that, fairly small and if the group you are playing with is not very social it can be easy to lose track as it is hidden in the top right and to be honest i think having a chatbox above the console with no visible background or border would be much cleaner for the interface, or have it on the top of the window, just a suggestion.The new character borders are nice, at first i thought it looked a bit too toon but over time i've got used to it and its become a nice change.I think considering the patches that were released for ToB before EE to fix bugs that still exist in !EE! is madness, they were released with source codes so why were they not implemented in the EE release.(Thank you beamdog for fixing the cutscene crash/disconnect bug) that was driving the community of this game mad for so long.Finally i find considering the volume of modders for BG that use steam i think making BG EE workshop capable would be amazing for downloading/creating new content for the game, i know many people would appreciate this feature.Anyway, great game, great story, greatness, there is still no equal even in the MMO world, BG is still superior."
76561197982871431,Recommended,257350,10565760,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Erkules,"Quite simply one of the best RPGs ever made.Memorable NPCs, awesome dialogue options and a compelling story.Did I mention there are class-specific quests? Running a thieve's guild for rogues, a play-house for bards, an order of Paladins and on and on.One of the rare games that gets a perfect 10/10 IMHO."
76561198006582789,Recommended,257350,18123512,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Muertington,"This is a good game because it has good and bad things but the good ones outweight the bad ones.So sayeth the wise Alaundo.The thing that always annoyed (and sill does) the hell out of me was the fact that you could not play as neutral evil or some interesing evil character without your reputation going underwater and being despised everywhere and attacked by guards in Athkathla.Also, I think that wether you like this game or not is going to depend very very much on when you were born. This is a very personal tought but if you are from 1990 onwards its a bit unlikely you will like it or enjoy it as someone from the 70s or 80s for the simple reason that this was a game folks from the 80s grew up with while the 90s generation were still a bit too youngOn the other hand if you have a great dislike for what Bioware has turned into with the years, enjoy old rpg games in isometrical perspective or a have very specific taste towards classic games no matter of your age then yea, this is a purchase that will please the wise Alaundo.In fact if you are into this kind of games, save some cash and get Baldurs gate 1-2, Icewind Dale 1-2, and Planescape: Torment and maybe take a vacation month (barely enough time)."
76561198018443945,Recommended,257350,7784893,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Karnakas,"The old school is back. Old content fixed, new content added and while sometimes glichy (permament silence in watcher's keep <it's actualy a plus if silence is on Jansen>, losing a weapon in new scripted events of Neera/Rasaad quests by being disarmed and/or teleported, being at the bg2 and its expansion at the same time after being the only one to survive the Irenicus fight) the old school games is all about saving often and not on the same save. My PC cant run the nonenchanted versions of this game on windows 7/8 so having this game in RPG game library is a must.P.S. Playing 3d games after playing BG2 can get you motionsickness."
76561198003028837,Recommended,257350,12736877,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Algebro,Only thing harder than learning how to play this game without the guide was my♥♥♥♥♥♥when I finished it.10/10 would play again
,Recommended,257350,7846362,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Silverdawn,"I love Baldur's Gate II; I've been playing it for years, and I adore Infinity Engine games in general. However, I cannot give Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition an unconditional recommendation. For $25, this game comes with very little in the way of improvements or enhancements. I understand copyright issues have prevented Beamdog from making substantial changes to the game, so you'll find no HD graphics, no achievements, no major bugfixes, no sweeping changes to the game and little new content.What you do get is a faithful and functioning game with four well-designed new NPCs, a number of interesting new kits (Shadowdancer is especially powerful) and a robust multiplayer system. If this is enough for you, and you enjoy old-school 2nd Edition D&D games, I can recommend this game if it's ever on sale. Just don't expect an overhaul, improved graphics or anything similar."
,Recommended,257350,12449876,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Duncan Ellis,Continues to be and hold as the best RPG ever made even over a decade later.
76561198031613062,Not Recommended,257350,11366410,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,zerotango44,This game hasn't worked since I paid for it. I have put hours into trouble shooting and I have also tried to contact the developer for a fix but I haven't recieved one reply. I cannot recommend this game simply because it doesn't wok.
76561197961384024,Not Recommended,257350,10713409,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Tangokat,"The core game is good. But the multiplayer does not work even remotely close to how it should. There are numerous bugs, crashes, problems joining, problems handling permissions etc. Don't buy this expecting to play multiplayer at all."
76561198035054806,Recommended,257350,13187035,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,sara_bear,A TSR classic. Good old school rpg fun.
,Not Recommended,257350,23814891,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Hupsaiya,"I've loved this game ever since it released back in my youngling days.That being said this is quite a bit different, everything is still there but Beamdog has tried a little to hard to streamline the game.  The point of the game is that it's challenging and all your characters requires attention at every turn.The new AI system they put on your characters is on by default which is just silly.  I have played so much so it wasn't a problem for me to turn it off but for people who don't understand how to get to the ""Scripts"" it's a problem and needs to be disabled by default.Definite amazing rendition of the original game, solid 8/10 where I give the original the full 10/10."
76561198036927203,Recommended,257350,23561270,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Zachmap,"I was told that the Enhanced Edition screwed over the original game, so I expected it to break immediately as I opened it.  I was glad to be disappointed.  Sure there were a few glitches and crashes, but the game worked fine otherwise.  The new graphics introduced in update 2.0 are God-awful, but most can be switched off in the graphics menu.  Most things look the same with the glaring exception of the new character menu, but that's still easy enough to navigate.  Admittedly, I never tried any of the new content, save the Black Pits (which was surprisingly good).  I just couldn't separate myself from my grand party of Keldorn, Aerie, Jaheira, Minsc and Imoen/Yoshimo long enough to try Neera or Rasaad or Hexxat or Dorn.  I don't really feel inclined to try them either, which I think is a flaw of the Enhanced Edition.  The achievements don't even give incentive to try the new characters, so I never worried about it aside from a brief stint with Hexxat.  She didn't seem very important or fun to me, so I dumped her for another after an hour or so of playtime.  Beamdog touted its new content as new and exciting, but it just wasn't important enough in the world for me to try.  I might do it one of these days. Or not.Oh, and this is a review for the Enhanced Edition changes only.  If you haven't played the original, 10/10 would recommend."
76561197971864370,Not Recommended,257350,29888076,Posted: 12 February,all,LordSentinel,"BUGGED  BUGGED BUGGED!This is one pile of buggy mess. If its not CTD every ten minutes - its freezing, cut scenes don't trigger and a host of other issues. I tried to patiently over come these and continue playing - however as I was approaching the end of ACT2 - the ENTIRE game reset for no reason to the beginning of ACT2. I was unlucky as I hadn't realized this and was playing in one district quick saving multiple times.The only save left was the START of chapter 2 - what all my other saves had reset to for no apparent reason. I gave up at that point and uninstalled this mess they call ""Enhanced Buggy Edition"". Going to reinstall the old GOG version and play again."
,Not Recommended,257350,23244674,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Teddy,"They ruined the multiplayer- pretty nonfunctional now. You'll lose your entire save.Oh, and the UI changes made me stop playing singleplayer. Disgusting and pointless changes to the character screen, among other things."
76561197976934600,Recommended,257350,21779044,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,HolyCabbage,You must gather your party before venturing forth.
76561198030574713,Recommended,257350,7668162,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,DaN,"Se você joga RPG de tabuleiro, se diz amante de ""RPGs eletrônicos"" e não experimentou este game ainda, sinto muito, mas você não sabe do que está falando..."
76561198116389530,Recommended,257350,11225559,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Goblite,"If you even slightly liked the first one, or any aspect of it, this one is superior in every way. The party members all have deep and sincere developmental quest lines, the enemies are exciting and dangerous, the cities are thorougly packed with people and places to explore and interact with, and the dungeons are savage!"
,Recommended,257350,10904396,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mr. Bungle,The original still stands well today and this redo brings some new content and generally smoother graphics. One of the most fun aspects of the series is being able to play the same character all the way through as you can import your saved game from Baldur's Gate. Very replayable with a great storyline. This will keep you entertained longer than most modern games due to the sheer number of quests and tough creatures you can kill. I do not recommend this game to any non 80s/90s generation gamer.
76561197974982797,Recommended,257350,10466675,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Melkavar,"A remastered version of one of the classic AD&D games, and it even includes the Throne of Bhaal expansion. Strap on your plate mail, grab your longsword, and calculate your THAC0, because this story is well worth the hours you will spend hacking and slashing your way through trolls, orcs, and gnolls (oh my!)."
,Recommended,257350,13088622,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,AzureHerbivore,"Baldur's Gate 2 is my favourite game of all time, so with that being said, the only question is: is it worth buying the enhanced edition over the regular, far cheaper version (from GOG, say)New Content (without spoilers): BG2EE adds a handful of new companions with personal quests, including a single class thief, a wild mage, a monk and an evil paladin. With the possible exception of the evil paladin none of these are going to make your party on merit, and the writing isn't good enough to make you want to use them for role playing reasons. All in all, nothing that hasn't been done better by the mod community. There's a gay romance for a female player character which I would usually praise, but it's so tepid I couldn't decide whether I'd misheard and it wasn't really supposed to be a romance at all.Speaking of mods, not every one has been updated to support EE yet (Item revisions/spell revisions are the ones I'm missing most at the time of writing) so check before buying if you've got favourites.BG2EE comes with widescreen support out of the box as well as a trick that you can't replicate with the basic game and the widescreen mod - customisable font sizes and interface scaling. Having properly sized sidebars is a good thing on a high resolution monitor.No reason to buy this over the standard version other than better widescreen support? That would be true except for one small detail - the standard version doesn't run properly on my laptop. This does. Enough reason for me to buy it - but I still waited for a heavy sale (elsewhere) before buying.As for the bugs other reviewers have mentioned: haven't noticed any myself, but I'm mostly holding off playing more than a quick run through the campaign while I wait for more mods to become compatible."
,Recommended,257350,10153938,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Alandro,"I wish we had more games likes this one, these days.Really well-made characters, quests (and side-quets ! They are actually GOOD in this game) and the best RPG combat system ever created.The world itself is one of the best ever made. It's not like we are playing a game, It's like we are living in a world, with It's complex culture, geography, cities, organizations, monsters, Dungeons and Dragons!Too bad the AD&D rules are outdated. A remake with D&D 3.5 rules would make thiis game a world worth living in =)"
76561198007916676,Recommended,257350,9103772,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Muis,"This is a fantastic remake of the roriginal, no longer struggling with bringing games from before vista to the windows versions coming after it. a compelling story, smooth gameplay once you get back to the BG mindset and tons of friends, both new and old, that join you in your adventure. With all the new shiny titles such as mass effect and dragon age it's hard to remember the old gems bioware has given us in decades past, but this is one of the greatest games bioware has ever made, period!so much nostalgia, it's a game you can play over and over again since your character has so many options, want to be a pewpew wizard? you can, want to be a tank? you can! want something or anything in between, or something more exotic? YOU CAN! awesome! :D"
,Recommended,257350,10487434,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Herbie,Potentially my favourite game of all time.
76561198042349748,Recommended,257350,9971778,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Oatmeal Man,"This is, by far, my favorite game ever crafted. The story, the characters, the artistic and colorful graphics, down to the ambience and music, are a treat to experience. I still have my boxed version from when I first bought the game. Since then, I have played it countless times, and bought it 3 more times, from Amazon, GoG and finally on here. The game is challenging, and forces you to use tactics, and take advantage of the skills the different party members have to offer. It also forces you to think, and choose dialogue wisely. If you enjoy RPG's in general, I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,257350,11202194,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Snapjak,"If you've never played Baldur's Gate 2 before, get this.If you have, get the GOG version and mod it to hell. OR get this and mod it to hell, just get used to bugs introduced by Beamdog. Like not being able to see the Watcher's Keep on the map. Fantastic."
76561198005736879,Recommended,257350,13036995,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,stBeo,"Fantastic RPG game, countless hours of play (and replay).Haven't played the steam version much but definitely played the original too many times :)Maybe too dated / old school for some but the story is good and the side quests are huge. Have a look at the screenshots and go for it you can stand the old graphics (though it seems to be coming back these days).I played through baldur's gate 1 (bg1) a couple of times (waiting for the release of bg2) I would recommend it as it's a bit harder since you are lower level. Baldur's gate 2 is even bigger and better and you might find yourself doing the story over and over with different character classes."
76561198061795059,Recommended,257350,9443641,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,ForgottenAi,"D&D's Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced edition is, by far, the best and greatest installment of the D&D gaming merchandise to date.Hands down.I grew up with this game, and then I searched far and wide just to get a single disk copy. After aquiring it, it became the only game I played for around two years, and it became my gateway into the RPG section of gaming. This is, to me at least, the biggest name in adventure games, and if you've played any of the recent titles (I don't think I have to mention them) and have some small amount of patience for number reading, and storylines, then this game is perfect for you.I recommend this game to everyone."
76561198030908332,Recommended,257350,15666028,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Pauline Hanson for PM!!!,"Brilliant, one of my all time favourite games is even better with the EE edition. The new NPC's (Dorn especially) are worth it alone. Aside from that, the bug fixes and quality of life improvements are great. It is modernised for new systems so modding is easy too. Very highly recommended!"
76561197972623553,Recommended,257350,9664223,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,johnathan_gamer,"Easily one of my favorite games of all time and the enhanced edition didn't ruin any of that. Beware this game is totally okay with killing you if your not prepared. Also knowing D&D conventions will certainy help seeing as it's the underlying rule system, but that is also what makes the combat so deep."
76561198125513366,Recommended,257350,15038175,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Armanz,"The best RPG to date in my opinion. Compelling story, lively & interesting characters, dazzling graphics (if you're into handdrawn stuff), complex fighting system and overall a perfect blend of the story-laden Planescape Torment and the hack 'n slay Icewind Dale."
76561198035341196,Recommended,257350,11892801,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Demolaye,"Enhanced version of a classic game.Yes, if you have your old game CDs or buy the updated GOG version you can MOD the heck out of this game.  But for people new to the game or who just want a well working version with a few enhancements this version is good to go, (with no extra DLs or patches required).  I am just getting used to the new NPCs and they seem like nice if not spectacular additions.  For me a fan who played several 100 hours of the original version, this is a great way to get back into the game without needing to master a puzzle of patches and Mods it takes to make the original playable beyond the vanilla version I have played many times already.I reccomend the EE/Steam version for any BG-fan, Infinity game engine fan, DnD-fan, Party-based RPG-fan, or anyone who likes old school RPGs with all their quirks and complexities.Well worth the price, it's BG2 without hassles.- Nuff said for a 8.5 / 10."
76561198074802482,Recommended,257350,16525533,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,bodhi_nagoya,"Played through this game 2x when I was younger, and just got the enhanced edition the other day.  The game hasn't lost any of its fun factor or immersion, even after all this time...The new enhancements make the game even better, if you can believe it.  Slightly updated graphics, new gameplay mechanics, and some other small enhancements make this an unforgettable experience!  Even though it's a bit older now, but I would highly recommend this game to any RPG enthusiast looking for an engaging storyline, fantastic, strategic gameplay, and memorable characters.  5 Stars!  Highly recommended!  Get it now!  You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,257350,27364884,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Murf,"My nomination for the 'Test of TIme' award as years later I find myself coming back to this beaut and still love the characters and the world you play in.Thanks to a little tweeking by the guys at beamdog, this game still holds up pretty well, dispite it's 2D world limitations. Where as games like skyrim imerse you with a 3D world you can explore. Here you are pulled in by not only the rich story telling centred on the main character, but the quests and dialog of your supporting party members. I remember the first time 2 party members started talking to each other, and I thought, 'hey, where's my bit?' but then realised that these characters had their own thought/agenders, that didn't make my character the centre of the universe.Game play is pretty solid with a respectable learning curve. New game modes allow you to change the difficulty to however easy or difficult you want. Magic can take some getting use to, so it's important to read what spells do and track combat text through the feedback window. However with the game being out so long you can find any number of useful guides online to help explain spells and debuffs etc.The soundtrack include one of my favorite games themes to date, which is good if like me you want to spend your first hour roling the perfect human paladin.Overall this game is perfect for anyone who wants to see where Bioware got their reputation from, long before they made 'Mass Effect' of 'Dragon Age'"
76561197977791881,Recommended,257350,27266931,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,-Night-,"16 years after I first played this game, I still consider this one of my favourites.  Thanks to Beamdog, I can enjoy it all over again!  As an ""enhanced edition"", it has all the charm and excitement that captivated me the first time I played through it, along with some nice additions to the cast that I've thoroughly enjoyed dragging around Amn and the surrounding area.I can definitely recommend picking this up if you're even remotely interested in fantasy RPGs, the story is great (although not entirely free of cliche) and the core gameplay is solid, despite its age - this is classic D&D at its best."
76561198025208076,Recommended,257350,27159699,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Renze,Genre defining game with an enormous world to explore. Best value for money ever
76561198042536570,Recommended,257350,11111624,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,DeathSkaar,MUST PLAY GAME. GREAT STORY. Great MP experience with friends. Something that MUST be played through to the end!!!!!
,Recommended,257350,11125307,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Comrade Question,"Bladur's Gate II is an old paused based RPG based on 2nd edition Dungeons and Dragons.  The game does very little handholding and very little explaining what the rules mean, which are two of the major complaints I've heard about this game.  I personally love the lack of hand holding, but.. to each their own.The game really and truly feels.. alive.  It does this by having interesting and enjoyable characters, locations, and quests.  Sometimes things don't make sense.  Sometimes people say a little something that helps you along, but that little something is not recorded anywhere.  Sometimes things happen for seemingly no reason.  The end result?  The game feels like it's real.  People have their own wishes and desires, and you need to balance each party members' goals with your own.  Combat is fun, and very challenging.  You can make a choice that impacts you in ways you won't even realize until you play through again, which is one of the more amazing things about this game.  Modern games give you 'choices', where you 'choose' good or bad.  Baldur's Gate II blurs the line.  There are multiple paths to nearly everything, and very few (if any) of them are marked as ""good"", or ""bad"".  Say the right thing or have the right person with you and you might avoid combat.  Do the wrong thing and you'll get attacked without ever realizing there was another possibility."
,Recommended,257350,11132968,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Psiros,Works great and is only a pre-packaged version of all the mods. I've bought this game probably three times in the past 15 years to accomodate new systems and formats.. It's that good.I also Have a high dpi screen and had a few problems with the screen scaling too large and only seeing a small portion of the screen rendering it unplayable. I followed the forums suggestion to right click on 'baldur.exe' and alter the compatibility mode to run on high DPI. It's now perfect.
76561198024645506,Recommended,257350,11140435,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,DarthPaxis,Redone and Remastered. Still just as great as I remembered. Now with the support of the Steam Community this game has the potential to be even better.
76561197977973963,Recommended,257350,11142335,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Iron,"Love this game, finally can play it in full 1080p widescreen."
,Recommended,257350,27260818,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ImmaJellal,Best damn CRPG ever made
76561198004225014,Recommended,257350,13537504,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Squirlypete,"Easily the best dungeons and dragon's game every made (not including the pen and paper variety).Hundreds of hours of gameplay. Replayable, many years later if required.Excellent character variety and customization.Strong storytelling, complete with voice acting and memorable characters (both good and evil and all thats in between).Challenging, tactical combat.Bug fixes, and other graciously given updates (many thanks!) as of December 2014If you're asking, it is worth the full price if you are looking for tactical combat that isn't turn based, and don't mind accepting better content and substance over graphics."
,Recommended,257350,13584251,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Petch,"If you played the original version in 2000 and loved it like I did, this is a small but good improvement over the original. If you never played BG2 before, this is now your chance because everyone should play this game :¬)"
,Recommended,257350,34093893,Posted: 7 August,all,G O D  H A R V E S T,"Hey sexy, Do you wanna take a look at me diddeys?BEST. NPC. VOICE LINE. EVeRRRRRRR"
76561198007781801,Recommended,257350,26789670,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Elgroscriss,Best PC RPG ever made. Simple as that. Its as timeless as FFVI and Chrono Trigger.
76561198010901489,Recommended,257350,10577468,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Severen,"One of the best games of all time, improved just enough to really make it worth getting for a few more play throughs."
76561198018512152,Recommended,257350,10924973,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tyr'Hera,AWESOMENESS
76561197973018233,Recommended,257350,10927834,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,daniel_kerr,This is one of my favorite games. Ever.
76561198050156063,Recommended,257350,10928727,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,magicmaskal,top of the rpg food chain.
,Recommended,257350,10929367,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Anjelus,"BG2 enhanced has some potentially game breaking bugs that can be annoying. Fortunately, they all have relatively easy work arounds  if you're willing to tinker with EE Keeper a little.That said, those bugs were fixed a long time ago by the community. If you buy through GOG, you can play BG-Tutu with the fixpack and associated content and not have to deal with it at all. The downside is you have to patch it all manually yourself, which can be a bit of a drag for some but should be perfectly doable for most.It is, however, nice to have Baldur's Gate on steam and working on a modern machine without any fuss. I expect this version will be patched and the bugs I mentioned will hopefully be fixed.It's Baldur's Gate on Steam, which is great. The Enhanced editions bring new content and characters which are themselves quite nice. All in all, I won't fail to recommend it. An all-time classic is an all-time classic."
,Recommended,257350,10940633,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MrScrewedx,"Just bought my second copy of BG:EE and BG:EE II on Steam, should have done it in the firsplace instead of buying them from Beamdog. Anyway, all I can say is that this game is amazing, and it weren't for being aged it would still compete with The Witcher 2 and Skyrim, the lore and vastness of the Forgotten Realms is larger than the Extended Universe in Star Wars. The games story follows a plot of an upcoming cataclysm as well as discovering your own heritage, through the gameplay you'll find loads of diversity to play the game your way. The dungeons are amazingly designed and NPCs have so much to say and loads of character, yes the majority of it may be text, but I certainly prefer it to Elder Scrolls NPCs that simply have a couple of dialogue options and the same voice actor as everyone else. If you're an RPG fan new or old, these two games are a must have."
,Recommended,257350,10942989,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Visroth,"My childhood re-released! Better gfc, better sound quality and super cheap! was a no brainer!"
76561198004071591,Recommended,257350,10943691,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SJReilly,"This is not one of the most highly rated PC games of all time for no reason.  Whether or not you are a fan of D&D (I am) this is one of the most satisfyingly deep, both tactically and in terms of lore, RPGs I have ever had the pleasure of playing.  I bought this on release in 2000 and despite the obvious fact that the engine has aged, I genuinely think that this game has stood the test of time.  It will not disappoint you, whether you are returning for nostalgia puposes, keen to see how D&D has been implemented in a computer game, or a new player wondering what the hype was all about.  The memorable characters and villains (Minsc, Jon Irenicus anyone in the know!) will stay with you for many years.  I hope you enjoy it as much as I have (all 120 hours of it, this game is huge) and if you're new to CRPGS, I'm jealous, because you've got many new worlds to visit and colourful characters to meet and this one is rightly held up in high regard as one of the best!The 'Test of Time' Award Nominee 2016!"
76561197960551804,Recommended,257350,10948711,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MadSpaz,Just as awesome as i remember it!
,Recommended,257350,10964051,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Evisicrator,"This games is so god damn fun, whatever other people say about it being buggy etc. are being hyper critical. Its not perfect by any means and god forbid its challenging. But this game is one of the few that actually makes you feel accomplished and down right good about yourself. 10/10"
76561198062418584,Recommended,257350,10929197,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Spazmodic,"Second installment in my favorite gaming series of all time! Simply amazing, any true rpg fan MUST own this game as well as BG:I."
76561198009662548,Recommended,257350,10947152,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,KingSRob,"Best game of my childhood.... that said, was pretty hard to get back into it now as a 30 year old."
76561198006308804,Recommended,257350,10955949,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Orkk,Great game hours of fun
76561198106847966,Recommended,257350,10925634,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jlattof01,Classic. A must play for RPG fans. I have been playing this game for years. Each playthrough a unique experience based on whatkind of character I wish to play as.
76561198043177926,Recommended,257350,10967567,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Daezyn,"Best game. If you like playing D&D get it. If you miss this Genre, get it so they make more."
76561198013002632,Recommended,257350,35176593,Posted: 24 September,all,Reeseman,"I recently started journeying through this legendary game after not playing it for many years. The diversity in both character creation and player choice is honestly startling to say the least. Few games embody this much diversity anymore!I had forgotten just how much there is to do in this world and never cease to be amazed by the stories that can be followed. Currently I have my own thiefs guild and am able to guide the guild to make money, I have selected specific character to join my party to ensure that they compliment my play style. Whilst the graphics are outdated the story line is still far superior to many games today. If you are into dungeons and dragons and don't mind doing a considerable amount of reading then this game could be for you."
,Recommended,257350,10738000,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Esuna,A faithful reproduction with a few new twists. And new overowered NPCs rivaling Edwin status. Great for anybody who enjoyes any of the Infinity Engine games.
,Recommended,257350,12038374,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Benz0,The finest RPG ever made. Probably the best game ever created.
76561198054598741,Recommended,257350,35315574,Posted: 29 September,all,mikexor,"A nice game to pass the time while enjoying the story and game mechanics. Can be a bit grinding at times and amount of metagaming required to play well is, IMO, quite high. Personally I'm sticking to the 1.3 branch (selected in the BETAS tab in the game properties) as the new interface and OpenGL rendering feel a bit too buggy, but YMMV.  Beamdog original content doesn't fair well in my opinion.  I wish there was a knob to turn it off completely, but an instrumental player can just ignore it."
76561198118527643,Recommended,257350,10668699,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MOTHER DICK,"I must say, the original BG II was one of my all time favorite games, and the HD remake only made it climb higher on my list. It's epic in every way a game can be. Story, Humor, Action, Boss fights, Dragons, and now there's even the black pits part 2 which throws you into endless amounts of combat with the most hard to find enemies in the game.I absolutely recommend this game to anyone, and I mean anyone. Unless you're a♥♥♥♥♥♥ then go buy postal 2"
,Recommended,257350,8666021,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,walruskeeter,this game is th bees knees
,Recommended,257350,11313028,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,A BUNCH OF CATS,Good Game
,Recommended,257350,26976451,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Proont,I keep coming back to the Baldur's Gate series.  One of the best RPG game series that I've ever played.
76561198061364483,Recommended,257350,11236294,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Ferg,"Best game ever. EE doesn't add much, but it still the best RPG ever made."
,Recommended,257350,8194397,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Toraidhe,Just as amazing almost 15 years later.  Enhanced edition gives me the ability to replay a classic without breaking anything that i loved about it.
76561198082009064,Recommended,257350,8226583,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,FrenzyOX,Awesome
76561198091516398,Recommended,257350,8286295,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Qrow,Totally worth every penny. the indepth strategy needed to move from dungeon to dungeon will keep you immersed for hours. for all of you who played the original and are looking for something new? well same story line but new charactres and quests along with a couple of new maps! Well new characters from the Enhanced Baldurs gate 1 anyways. i recommend it highly.
76561198084804599,Recommended,257350,8164952,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Arenias,Best game ever! Hard enough to be fair.
76561198074990082,Recommended,257350,7997636,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,drkangl90,"this has been one of my long time favorite games and trying to play with the disks recently sucked because my computer is so advance from when the game originally released, i couldn't play it. since i found out BGII:EE was released, i immediately got it and loving every minute of it. the style of this game is not something that can not be truly matched with any current game that it out."
,Recommended,257350,8112801,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Zythivo,Tis good...
76561198013112344,Recommended,257350,7748762,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Broseph Stalin,A classic reborn with extra content and welcomed modifications to existing content.
76561198019444883,Recommended,257350,8150200,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Major Lithium,Perhaps the greatest game ever made. Hours and hours of enrtainment. Needs better guides for steam tho.
,Recommended,257350,27146172,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sixtysketch,One game i can safely say I was playing 10 years ago and will still be playing in another 10 years.
,Recommended,257350,8366768,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Gerrit,"If you were a fan of the original BG2, or BG:EE, I would recommend buying this game. While the interface hasn't changed much, the addition of a few new characters and storylines, as well as the ability to play this game on any modern PC, really makes it worth the value, IMO. Of course, this is my 3rd purchase of BG2, but being unable to play my old copies on my current setup made it worthwhile."
,Recommended,257350,8422900,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Smokin' Joe,"Before Dragon Age, before Neverwinter Nights, there was Baldur's Gate. This is one of my favorite games. Originally released in 1998. What I like most about the Enhanced Edition is that it doesn't crash. I simply could not get the original version to run properly on any post-Windows 2000 machine. Now, I can finally play it again!I made a Half Elf Cleric/Ranger. I named him McClerangicer! With my righteous, valiant party at my side, I have slain dragons, beholders, vampires, mind flayers, trolls, and other foul beasts. Over 30 hours in and still so much left to do. Irenicus must pay!""We are all heroes; you and Boo and I. Hamsters and rangers everywhere, rejoice!"""
76561198073232467,Recommended,257350,8749605,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,ThreeWolvez,"Has to be one the the deepest and most rewarding story lines, great replayability and the new multi player makes campaigning with friends easier than Dota! I give it all the thumbs up. Much spells, Very Weapon, Wow!"
76561198040694069,Recommended,257350,8195539,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Jormungand,"GET IT!!! If you played this game when it first came out you need to try all the new content, Dorn Il-Kahn and Hexxat are the excelent additions to any highly effective team. The new kits add interesting abilities to some of the more basic classes that no one ever seems to expand on in regular games (Dragon Disciple Sorcerer!)."
76561198024843628,Recommended,257350,8507234,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,kevnet,"The original Baldur's Gate II and expansion was when it was released from my POV the greatest PC RPG made. In the years that have passed there are few games that have rivalled the depth and involvement that I felt when playing the original. Although much has moved on since with improvement in nearly every area of computing and gaming, Baldurs Gate II remains a stand out title with peerless depth.Therefore I congratulate Beamdog and Overhaul Games for their labour of love bringing this (legacy) game to a new audience and making it easily available once more on modern systems and bringing it to new platforms.I have not owned a GOG version of this game (only the original), and can not comment on the patching needed to play this game, but for me to buy this game on steam for around a tenner is a steal and by Easter it will probably be less than four pound. Therefore not a lot of money then to play a hassle free version of a great game that will now have an extension on patching and support (particularly of new content).Additionally Beamdog and Overhaul Games have shown great respect for the original content by adding interesting content that does not include unbalanced NPC's and gameplay and drastically improving the (mainstream) access to multiplayer."
,Recommended,257350,7980724,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Kat,"This EE looks great and plays great, and the fact that it comes with Throne of Bhaal and additional companions makes it quite shiny. Playing it modless I was also pleasantly surprised that EE offers more than one heterosexual romance for the female MC (if you even count Anomen as remotely approachable), and that the writing for the EE-exclusive Hexxat is interesting. There's an expanded amount of content and both the visuals and audio seem improved in this EE, while a lot of core features are untouched for better or worse. The combat is, for me, the only real drawback to this game for it's lack of balance and a plethora of clumsily wrought out details which makes fights either a chore or a cakewalk. That said, the combat is not the main draw nor timesink of this game. If you love a good story, a nostalgic setting, profound nonlinearity and an endless pool of content you will probably like this game. Would especially recommend to RPG-enthusiasts and lovers of traditional games. [9/10]"
,Recommended,257350,9034616,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Angel of Death,"Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition is an older game which was recently revamped to add a bit more flavor and content. I played it back in the day and it was, and still is, an amazing game. The storyline is incredibly rich and immersive and you get drawn into it from the very beginning. The only downside I would say it has is when playing multiplayer there are several ""crash"" areas where you can count of the game crashing almost every time."
,Recommended,257350,12210996,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Zxoronto,"*Updated with patch 1.3: Better, much better.  Developers need to spend more time properly creating the game or have a game in a longer beta phase, etc.  The 1.3 patch should have been the first release of this game.  The game is finally playable and reflects the experience remembered by the original game release.The first Steam release (Beamdog) of this game was horrible.  Bugs, bugs, and more bugs.  Quest-ending (or never starting) bugs were apparent everywhere.Keep in mind, this comes from a reviewer who has logged hundreds  and thousands of hours in the original Baldur's Gate and Baldur's Gate II series."
,Recommended,257350,8711076,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Zeph,This is my favorite game of all time. I say this with the utmost sincerity. I have loved just about everything about it since it first came out. Best RPG of all time.
,Recommended,257350,9128373,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,L. F. Antrider,"RATING: 9/10Why can't you click the yes and no buttons when reviewing a game?  I wish I could on this one.Here's your caveat emptor people:If you actually care about the new NPC's and Black Pit whatever they added in, OR if you have never played the original version, GET THIS GAME...... just maybe NOT THIS VERSION.  It is an amazing game, Baldur's gate series probably being the crown jewel of the D&D computer games.  However, with Beamdog, it is hit or miss whether the game will work with your computer specs at all.  Best to check with other people that have similar spec's or with beamdog before potentially losing 25$.  To prove my point, beamdog still hasn't even fixed the problems with Intel chipsets on the original BGEE, so I wasn't even able to play it at all until I got a new computer.  No refunds were given to all the people they f*cked in the♥♥♥♥♥♥on that one.Honestly, there are only two justifiable reasons for purchasing this one, over the more affordable Original: 1, in rolling the dice for your char. stats, it gives a total at the bottom... which if you're a serious OCD player, will save you countless mins/hrs of calculating your points to assure good stats (you can add up the right column of #'s, e.g. 1(5), of all the stats and want the total around 30.  Such takes a lot more time than just looking at one # and making sure you rolled a total of around 90).No. 2-the better screen resolution, and no3 you just want to increase the number of games on your steam list.Often, hardcore players will create their own party of 6  unique characters and not use any NPC's at all, so I wouldn't make a couple extra characters being added into the game the fulcrum of your choice on whether to buy or not.  The original game is good with any and all glitches it came with and you won't lose out on any experience by saving money.  The other new changes aren't so significant to weigh into the decision.  Gametstop has a bundle of six DnD games that often sells for around 9$ which contains the BG series.  For getting full-screen out of the tiny resolution options, just plug in a box monitor from your old PC into your laptop or whatever.Beamdog's work is just not that satisfying.  They released this game before the first travesty they put out was even fixed, and copped out of even fixing it.  Why isn't Bioware or someone useful updating these games?Judging the game itself, however; guarunteed to make its way to the top of any top10 RPGs list."
76561197995177754,Recommended,257350,8181085,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,GrusGuleM,Best. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,257350,8594715,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Werdna,"I have so much good experiences with this classic game that I don't know where to begin. The complete edition that can be found elsewhere was a good version to have, yet that version had to be modded to get up to a 'modren' state like this one. The modren state I refer to is the use of higher resolutions. This Enhanced Edition recapture the original Baldur's Gate II experience so well. It is worth picking up if you want to experience one of Bioware's earliest hits."
,Recommended,257350,27136408,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tomais,"Baldur's Gate does well what nowadays defines an RPG: It tells a story well and it's about the main character, its large cast is both well written and useful in games and its dialogue is meaningful.What sort of might make or break the game is the combat. Baldur's Gate is balanced so that save scumming will drive the player crazy and the solution always lies in knowing how the game's rules work, especially the spells, and finding what works against certain enemies. It can be frustrating, but for most of the time that's a sign of that you need to think of the problem more strategically.I recommend playing Baldur's Gate 1 first as a warmup You can import your old save too.As for few issues out of fairness, Baldur's Gate is very buggy and Enhanced Edition is no exception. This version has at least one gamebreaking bug that wasn't in the original."
,Recommended,257350,7812633,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Taj,Good old classic.A must-have if you are a D&D fan.Also the new optimizations for multiplayer and graphics really makes it worth your while to (re)play.
76561198054943140,Recommended,257350,7710643,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,VisibleSpectra,"Looking for D&D nostalgia? This is the next best thing!Feel what aREALRPG is like! This game was crafted using the advanced stat system of the first D&D. I would advise anyone who wants to play, learn the ins and outs of the system especially the THAC0, this will give you more of a fighting chance and you will be putting your everything into every act. Any gamer who can appreciate a deep RPG and intricate system must have this in their collection!"
,Recommended,257350,7857208,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,The Moontani,This game is utterly amazing. I play a bit of DnD and this game does a great job at turning it into a digital game. Great storyline graphics are a bit bad but it was made a while ago. The gameplay is just amazing 9.5/10
,Recommended,257350,7935679,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Ohnospetsnaz,This couldn't have come out sooner. It's so great being able to play this classic again.
,Recommended,257350,9330411,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,HelloCthulhu,"Baldur's Gate 2 is as great as ever.The new content is bad at best, and in the case of Black Pits 2, absolutely horrible. I would like this Enhanced Edition more, if that part hadn't been included. That's how bad it is. Fortunately, you can just stop yourself from playing it."
,Recommended,257350,8476019,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Floralzebra,"I played it back when you got the four CD copy, plus Throne of Bhaal. Loved it then. Love it even more now. This is a game that I could play all day, every day. The hardest part of it for me? Picking what race/class to be. This game is fantastic, you can jump on for one quest and be satisfied, or play through ten. The story keeps you wondering, the romances are fantastic and the gameplay is 110% ace. Buy it, or ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Recommended,257350,16921080,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Sinfest,Really good classic alot of fun and intreasting customization
76561197971065050,Recommended,257350,33565284,Posted: 15 July,all,Kinski,The best of its kind.
,Recommended,257350,27560865,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Travis Conley,One of the best RPGs ever.
76561197964742769,Recommended,257350,8524089,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,NubMastaX,This game is straight classic! WoW would be nothing without games like this!
,Recommended,257350,8551734,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Romu,"a blast from the past, as deep and difficult as it gets"
,Recommended,257350,8685633,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Mr Winter,"Most awesome sequel to an awesome game, if you love this kind of this this is the big daddy of em all!"
76561198014555915,Recommended,257350,8565508,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,darthreaper,this gaming is a classic
76561198071130364,Recommended,257350,8592040,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,nikitaras,Best -game- ever!
76561198051989535,Recommended,257350,8568145,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Hotwire,"Awesome game, I love it."
,Recommended,257350,9050777,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Isomodia,"Baldurs Gate has successfully done to my January what it did to my 14th or so year of life.Abra-Karabara, it is no more. Why haven't you played this?"
,Recommended,257350,8260856,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,faust_br,The standard by which all the others cRPGs are judged and rated.
,Recommended,257350,8656588,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Wraith,Everyone who loves Dungeons and Dragons should play this game.
76561198116562349,Recommended,257350,8926012,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,wizardart,Great game really enjoyed
,Recommended,257350,9568144,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Mike,Nobody does story like the old Bioware.
,Recommended,257350,11437143,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Silvalinionisis,"Best cRPG in the history of mankind, period."
76561197983670658,Recommended,257350,12240851,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,RDef,"Definitely one of my favourite games from my youth - still highly enjoyable. Haven't encountered any serious bugs, and the modding community is absolutely wonderful."
76561198101455351,Recommended,257350,11159843,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,davidthomsen19k,I have been trying to beat this game since it came out...great game but once you hit the underdark it all goes pear shaped for me.
76561197966762566,Recommended,257350,12279201,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Arthur'O,One of the best game ever !
76561198031324041,Recommended,257350,13619000,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mumm-Ra,Baldur's Gate on Steriods! The RPG of RPG's this is where Bioware peaked truly. Irenicus will always be one of my favourite villains and Throne of Bhaal was just the cherry on the cake. Now stop looking at this and go buy it!
,Recommended,257350,10920535,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Randomthom,"This game came out in 1999, I'm still playing it 15 years later. 'nuff said!"
76561198124989075,Recommended,257350,10548133,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,EntropySylph,"They can make their graphics more realistic, their weapons shinier, their ladies bustier, but BG2 will remain the best of the best of D&D style RPGs. I keep coming back to it almost every year since the original was released, and it remains fun and challenging - great re-playability. The enhanced edition expands the already immersive storyline and vastly improves multiplayer capabilities.  I've been able to connect to my friends via IP and through the server with no real issues. A pure classic that will never age."
76561197972633388,Recommended,257350,10812107,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,haltageten,Best game ever!
76561198033980198,Recommended,257350,7905096,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Pep Pep,"If you own the original BG2 there's really no reason to buy this game.  However, if you don't own a copy of the original, I'd say buying this game even with the extra cost is worth it.  BG1/BG2 had a lot of bugs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ resolution.  Let these people work out the kinks for you without having to scoure the internet for an assortment of mods to make it playable.  Also the simplification of multiplayer is a huge plus."
76561197972270756,Recommended,257350,26499125,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Cipher,This is an amazing game. Play it and love it for its hardcore role playing experience. Fantastic story and dungeon and dragons goodness.
76561198035928136,Recommended,257350,26366632,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,gord,"Picked this up during the Halloween sale for $5.  I have good memories of playing it 'back in the day' and figured it would be worth that much as I really enjoyed (for 140hrs+) the recently released Pillars of Eternity which shares the same isometric feel.  Unfortunately, encountering major bugs, like the Journal not working AT ALL, after a few hours of play, does not instill in me a great deal of confidence about bug-fixes and ongoing support.I will give the game another 10 hours or so to see how it goes but not having the Journal for quest tracking and character story development is a pretty big strike against.  It is not wholly game-breaking to an established fan of the original, already prepared to experience old-time annoyances like inventory micro-management and dated/unfamiliar UI, but I'd be hesitant to recommend this 'enhanced edition' to a total newbie to the series in its present state.  Developer really should have set aside more resources for core testing instead of the well publicized activist 'updating' that had kept me from buying before the recent sale.  Not really enthused to see how that unfolds either, but heroes must persevere as they say..."
,Recommended,257350,13889313,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,[YARR] Captain Juan,This game is timeless.  All it needed was widescreen which this has. Great to see the support for it.I've had this for a while and played it the original years ago.  I was so impressed to see a 37 page well laid out PDF with graphics and developer comments explaining the patches for v1.3 that I felt writing a review is appropriate.  Way to go.
76561197971540652,Recommended,257350,14058430,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Kraptor,Still the best RPG ever!
76561197999257083,Recommended,257350,7934521,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,VarenOfTatooine,"Baldur's Gate. What a fantatic series, but Baldur's Gate 2 is generally regarded to be the best of the two. Why? Because there is so much value in this game. There is an abundance of characters with distinct personalities and motivations, and an excellent story. There are plenty of great side quests that will extend the experience, as well as helping out your party. So if you like RPGs, and you don't mind a 2D isometric perspective, and rules which take time to learn, you will love this game."
,Recommended,257350,7754165,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,In the Purest Form,"Loved this game then and love it now. the new version adds so much more and adds so much replay value, by no means is it easy but if you take your time it sure is fun."
,Recommended,257350,30664363,Posted: 21 March,all,Ganolink,"Great update for the classic game, the UI is updated well. From what I've played, all the mods I've gathered, installed, and used in the original release of BG2 still work. The only problem with the enhanced edition is that all the new story tangents, quest, and companions are garbage. Those dumb ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s Hexxat, Neera, Rassad, and Dorn with their stupid petty quest. New players might not mind them, but older players, like me, will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the ♥♥♥♥ off when they run up to you in the middle of town and force their quest and presence on you.It's also really jarring that the new companion's portraits are way better than the vanilla guys.Still, well worth it to buy for both people who've played Infinity games before or are new to them. A fantastic re-release."
76561198040252304,Recommended,257350,31282631,Posted: 21 April,all,Fluffah,"Mostly the same as the BG1 review.Fewer bugs than the original, I can't recall anything specific. Overall happy on the improvements made to the games performance and stability.Multiplayer is improved and easier than ever. Makes it worth the purchase alone vs the original if you plan to play with friends.The new content that has been added in isn't really worth touching and in my opinion is cringeworthy at times, but I can appreciate the attempt. Still, nothing beats the original cast and the new characters feel out of place in their writing.Good product overall."
,Recommended,257350,29374800,Posted: 20 January,all,Ashes,"A superior game in almost every way when compared to its predecessor. Also one of the most massive games I've ever played. Great characters, awesome story. An unforgettable experience that took me 184 hours to complete."
76561198199056681,Recommended,257350,30583591,Posted: 17 March,all,curvedebris,"The Shadows of Amn portion of this game is pretty good, giving you plenty of quests to pursue from inside the main city and the areas you subsequently travel to. I spent over 40 hours in this section (and there were plenty of quests I hadn't pursued) and party members got to around level 20. This feels like the sweet spot in D&D rules for character power; you've hit the peak of your thac0 and saving throws, have access to your highest level spells, and get your first  taste of the high level abilities at 3 million XP. The main villain in this part of the game is the best one in the entire series, with good voice acting to boot.In contrast, the final Throne of Bhaal portion is a very linear march through the final bosses, adding 15 hours of gameplay. At these few extra levels, your progression is mainly adding high level abilities and upgrading gear. Bosses get tougher since they start using HLA's on you, and casters are deadly if you don't keep pressure on them. The final fight has satisfying difficulty, but the story is far less engaging than Shadows of Amn."
76561198146241336,Recommended,257350,28104593,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hank,Awesome. Brings back memories.
,Recommended,257350,13717799,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Teddy Bear,"One of the best games ever. Amazing characters, story, combat, etc. If you like fantasy youre gonna have a good time."
76561198031434230,Recommended,257350,14584706,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,onemyrdok,Favorite game of all time.
76561198008048666,Recommended,257350,28075682,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tpalmi,"This is simply one of the greatest RPGs of all time. the characters are absolutely fantastic in every way, from comical to depressing. The storylines run the gauntlet from short and surprising to sweeping epics of betrayal. The world is so much deeper and richer than almost anything else that has been released since. You will find yourself sent on small errand quests that uncover plot twist after plot twist and now you're fighting a subterranean old god under the sewers. You will be infiltrating thieves guilds and trudging through the underdark.It is also one of the least linear gaming experiences you will ever have. At times you're only given long term goals like ""you need to pay X amount to gain the help of Y group, here you are in this city, go find a way to make tons of money""Yes, the rule set can be a little daunting in the beginning as it is based on old 2nd edition d&d, which is widely known to be highly unintuitive and even, at times, contradictory. Fortunately it really only takes a few minutes to learn the basics in the form of, lower armor class is harder to hit, higher saving throws helps you avoid things, do more damage to kill things faster.Honestly just give it a chance, explore a little bit and you're almost guaranteed to be hooked."
76561198063784201,Recommended,257350,13711083,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Delrin,It's better than I remember. Especially now that it has the improved A.I. pathing. Overall it has held up nicely.
76561198024594665,Recommended,257350,7780135,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Alder,"Maybe the best D&D ever made. Complex with 8 races, 12 classes with diferents kits, almost infinite replayability, 9 types of will from good to evil, choices can make the role diference. If you want a true party based, complex and deep RPG this classic gem is for you."
76561197960449402,Not Recommended,257350,29560912,Posted: 29 January,all,Suislide,"I enjoy the fix audio, enhanced UI, and implementation of AWESOME scripting but...20 dollars for that? No backgrounds re-rendered and updated from the orignal masters. No update to the Paperdolls or item icons. Leaves me dissapointed."
76561197976270357,Recommended,257350,32877326,Posted: 27 June,all,Maas,Memories..
76561198099646735,Not Recommended,257350,22350433,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,RegMonkey,Didn't like it.
76561198038763504,Not Recommended,257350,28569928,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,vik,"Couldn't finish the first area because the Golem didn't open the doors.If you know the original, you'll hate this remake. Just seems slower, the new GUI is cluttered.They tried to make it more casual, but instead made it more confusing with lots of highlighted stuff...Just glad I bought this on sale. But...still wasted money. Get the original. From...places."
76561197989215236,Not Recommended,257350,24115542,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Phyroks,"The grapics ""upgrade"" does not seem like a upgrade, characters look like dolls. I remember the game looking better in normal version than in this EE...Edit : When I look at the shop page screens shots the characters look clear and nice, but in game they are not, what the hell! Its prob better looking if you just get your old CDs out and play it from them instead of this!"
,Not Recommended,257350,22413388,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,jade-shan,This version of Baldur's Gate II is terrible. So much bug ..
76561198068065140,Not Recommended,257350,22420717,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Mordeth Kai,This was one of the great classics until Beamdog decided to ruin it....
,Recommended,257350,23833066,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Vichan,"The vast amount of negative reviews are disheartening to say the least, I honestly don't think this game deserves it.There's been a lot of controversy about the UI and graphical changes in the 2.0 update that was released a few months before. Some of them are legitimate complaints and some boil down to ""They changed it, now it sucks"". The game is still perfectly enjoyable and storywise nothing has changed. (Aside from the new NPC's that were added when the Enhanced Edition was released, I'm talking specifically about 2.0!)If you are one of those that are wary of buying this because of these changes then you should know that it is still possible to play the original Enhanced Edition by subscribing to the ""1.3"" beta branch.What most people are failing to mention is that aside from these changes this is STILL one of the best CRPGs ever made. If you've never played a game in the Baldur's Gate series before you will not be disappointed by what this game has to offer."
,Not Recommended,257350,34041575,Posted: 5 August,all,☂Mawiois,"Get the original with mods. The developpers don't have any clue what they're doing. Everything they've changed is for the worse. (Luckily, there is a beta branch for an earlier version, that's still ""decent"")Remember how simple and efficient the UI was? Not anymore. And no, the store pics aren't updated. Also you can't turn any of this off:-Quests now have annoying pop-up windows that don't offer any information and just make you close them.-Spellbook now has 50% of the screen explaining what the spells are, while your actually picked spells are small symbols at the bottom.-Items that you touch in your inventory light up the whole screen, which characters can use them, which slots they fit.-Armors and weapons also change the UI while interracted in a jarring way to display what they do.-Colors and fonts are also wrong or changed for no reason.It's a visual nightmare, just assaults you every time you do anything.Also, the new NPCs are garbage. Not only are they written and acted poorly, they're annoying and take you out of the game from being so awful. They're ""Hi x3 This is my first mod, so don't be too mean! Special thanks to xXBeerCamel93Xx for the voice!"" tier.Simplest example: You know how Nalia continually iniates dialogue in Copper Coronet, while you're just trying to handle your biz? Now there's another NPC doing that too, with a much more annoying voice, and longer dialog to get out of it."
,Not Recommended,257350,23668825,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,retsam1,Avoid beamdog's extremely bad version of this. Go pick up the regular version of the game on GOG instead of this horrible steaming pile of dung.
76561198036088587,Not Recommended,257350,25248662,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Grommash,New developer beamdog ruined this great classic with their terrible patch 2.0. It is now a game with terrible mobile device UI and cartoonish graphics. Get classic version from somewhere else.
76561197968009414,Recommended,257350,8837085,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,x|SSFukt,Old rpg but easily one of the best ever 10/10!!!!
,Recommended,257350,8675525,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Mr. Heskey,"Better than I remember... There are very few rpg's these days that have the depth of story and challenge that I need in order to fully enjoy a game. Baldurs Gate does not disappoint to this day. It has satisfied the craving that I always look for in an rpg. It takes a bit to get used to the game mechanics, but once you get them down its extremely immersive. 2 Thumbs up!If you like this game you should also check out Dragon Age: Origins. The first one. :)"
76561198093321422,Recommended,257350,13063614,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Michael J. Caboose,"Best game ever, only wish it was available on steam for Macs"
,Recommended,257350,13842293,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,rossimo,Couldn't kill dragons. Don't care. Best game.
76561197973517501,Recommended,257350,26856506,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ethien,"This is where you go when you want a story, quality gameplay, a time worth while."
,Recommended,257350,10912818,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Néko,Exelent impreovement of an Awesome game.
,Recommended,257350,8655890,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Leo,The multiplayer is very buggy. Every time a cutscene is played the game will freeze until all players but the host leave the game. I would appreciate if this game would be fixed of this bug soon its been out for more then 2 months and its getting old fast.
,Recommended,257350,11673330,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,MarMar,"One of the, if not THE, best RPG ever made!"
76561198004153726,Recommended,257350,23923487,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Admiral Ackbar,"This is absolutely a must have for any D&D or RPG fan. The game is incredibly immersive, has a MASSIVE world, and after all these years is still just as amazing as it used to be."
76561197983411591,Recommended,257350,23861361,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Greel,"A true classic, must have for any fan of the genre."
76561198152872531,Recommended,257350,23832849,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,teknifix1,"I can't believe I haven't reviewed this game.  This game is my second favourite of all time (behind Resident Evil 2), and I've spent hundreds of hours playing it.  I bought it day one back in the day.  The same with Throne of Bhaal.  I've played through many times with different classes and NPC's just because I love the story, I love Jon Irenicus specifically (in my opinion one of the best RPG villains ever), and I love finding new interactions between NPC's with each other and other characters.The Enhanced Edition adds some more new NPCs (although I'm a little torn on Hexxat.. no spoilers) and interactions.  It's still great, and I still play it now.  It definitely deserves a place on the list of greatest RPGs of all time.I repurchased this game at full price and I'm not disappointed."
,Recommended,257350,26929028,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ortafian,Not a super huge fan of all of BeamDog's changes in the update but overall I've sunk hundreds of hours into this game and the core is still as good today as it was then.
,Not Recommended,257350,31828240,Posted: 18 May,all,Trizo,"Extremely fun game. I purchased Baldur's Gate 2 along with a copy for co-op with a friend. Sadly, we kept running into glitches. We figured out the quirks of some of the glitches and tried to play around them as best we could. Overall, I would say the game itself is A+; it's exactly as tedious and as huge as you'd hope it to be! No wonder why it's still called one of the greatest role playing games! But the whole experience was dragged wayy down by the glitches. Alas, take this with a grain of salt because I'm not so sure how single-player is and I'm still curious to try that out. And I'm also not sure if any of these glitches were within the original game. So, in a way I can't say much, but I CAN absolutely say that it does suck when the glitches occur and it sucks worse when they require ctrl-alt-deleting and starting over from your last save. The most painful glitches would happen if my friend and I tried to talk to NPCs at the same time, which once we discovered we did our best to avoid. Not the worst thing, but when you consider how slow the original Baldur's Gates are and you add a wrench in the works to make it slower, ugh. Like I said, the whole experience was serverely bogged down by the glitches, gosh, so much that the ratio of our playtime compared to our progress is laughable. I estimate that without any glitches we could have caught up to our progress of 18 hours in under 10. I want to recommend Baldur's Gate 2 but it gets to a point where it's just unacceptable."
76561198036285528,Recommended,257350,21162582,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Shadowcran,Best RPG ever. Enough said.
76561197981682505,Not Recommended,257350,20160283,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,║▌║▌║яαsρ,"Recommended by a friend, the game does have it's charm. I really wish I could have played more! But alas, I hit a point where the game died, a bug that I didn't want to troubleshoot. Only 13 hours in too... drat! No matter where I appeared the police squad of magicians popped in out of nowhere and destroyed my novice party. No thanks!"
76561198102900047,Recommended,257350,13852187,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,A very large house,100/10 would bang again.
,Recommended,257350,26804598,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Skubtastic,"When I was 12 this game first came out. I loved D&D my mom got this for me for christmas. And I wasn't allowed to install things yet because my mom was cray. For a week I read the manual. A huge tome of information about every little detail. Stats, proficiences, races, classes. I soaked it all up. For a 12 year old this was advanced♥♥♥♥♥♥ since previously All i had played were, Warcraft 3, Age of Empires 1+2 and Streets of rage. So this was the dawning of a new era. mom installed the FOUR DISKS required to do it. 5 if you included ToB, 6 if you counted the special features disc. That's right mofos, extras. Like a whole shirt, a sick box. a free prima strategy guide. And a whole disc of art and story and music details. it was sweeeeeet. So i load that bad boy on my Windows 95 computer and get playing. i zip through the tutorial. on normal. But I get to the part where you had to identify the shield. And for some reason i could not figure it out. I was stuck on it for hours. Screaming and crying in frustration. that even with the wealth of knowledge about the game at my fingertips, I could not identify this damn shield. So I storm off and take a break. i come back to it and right click it. Then clicked identify. I felt so dumb. but. i finished that tutorial. Started a game as a fighter who went dual wield with Swords. Started the opening dungeon. Died to the first mephit room because I couldn't turn it of.Now at 26. i make a kensai mage and become a lightning tornado of chopping death and ambiguous morality. So i've come a long way."
76561198018980655,Recommended,257350,27013504,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sceletorian,"Love this game, always have, always will.Revisitting it even now is still fantastic."
76561198002962868,Recommended,257350,7848147,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,CS:GO Gave Me Cancer,"Baldurs Gate II has such a high level of quality and designed that it has yet to be matched, even in today’s standards. Tis well worth a play through again and again."
,Recommended,257350,7886819,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Drekvack,"Great game really enjoyed playing it again, reminded me of my childhood when i used to play bg1 on the old computers"
76561198035793258,Recommended,257350,7941678,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Notsure,awesome.
76561198116247734,Recommended,257350,7870689,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,mhoffman213,I loved playing this game growing up and now that its compatible with the newer operating systems its fun to play again. The new content is nice I just wish there was more of it.
76561197966942525,Recommended,257350,7941255,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Bumra,"After all these years I have to admit, still by far my favourite game of all time. The Enhanced Edition adds some additional companions (same as in the first BG:EE I hear) and their storylines are quite excellent. Though, being a big fan of nostalgia I just went ahead with my never-gonna-give-you-up party. Still, it's the♥♥♥♥♥♥I haven't the pleasure of trying the multiplayer yet since, well, nobody I know owns the game yet. It should play out rather similiar to the single player version... But this is one of those games where single player is actually propably better at least for the first (few) playthrough(s)."
76561198067128618,Recommended,257350,27295338,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,poniestovictory,"When I first brought this game home, it came in a nice box with 5 CD's. Mom says I can't play it, too advanced for us, our computer doesn't have 5 CD drives. Joke's on you mom, 15 years later and I'm still playing it. Absolute classic."
,Recommended,257350,16552727,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,CAPIreland,"I, unfortunately, have a Mac.Because of this, I can't justify buying a nice PC to play great games on.But Boulders Gate 2 doesn't just run on this 4 year old Mac book pro, but it is one of the most amazing games I have ever played.I was stuck between this and Icewin Dale, but BG2EE takes the cake.Don't expect good graphics (thought their not bad) or amazing combat (though its strategic and quite challenging), but everything else you love about RPG's came from this game.Talos: Check.Customisation: Check.Voice acted NPC's: Check.Great Story: Check.Characters I genuinely like: Double check because of Boo.I can't wait until I have a weekend off just to sit and play this."
,Recommended,257350,18914559,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Victor™,The best CRPG game series ever developed by bioware and beamdog. This is where bioware became popular in 90s  and were able to create DA and ME series. A must-have for AD&D and diablo fans out there.
,Recommended,257350,19684945,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Aralon,"This game has spawned more Oisigs, Neeras, Edwins and Traveling Parties than I can count. Not even the smartest of minds can comprehend what kind of code must have been written to send High Watcher Oisig relentlessly at you, every time you enter a new screen. Maybe Minsc has written it. 10/10.On a more serious note, this game aged well. The combat surely is not up to todays standard and more than often I found myself letting the scripts do the work except for more challenging fights. The graphics are fine, the dialogue well written and mostly voiced.  The world is filled with life, characters and enemies. Countless loot is to be found, although there are certain weapons that can be found quite early which will be the strongest all throughout the game. For fans of RPGs, I would recommend this, but make sure to bring at least one friend with you and a lot of time."
,Recommended,257350,11789455,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Astral Projection,"Baldur's Gate II: one of the best RPGs of all time, but with enhanced graphics, UI, and all expansions included. If you don't have it, you are wrong."
,Recommended,257350,27498373,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kai,"It's your old Baldur's Gate series, but with a lot of improvements. AI are all improved, bugs are fixed, and new characters added. You can also play this on the tablet, but you gotta buy it in your app stores."
76561197960836080,Recommended,257350,27810998,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mustache_Cash_Stash,Quality just pure quality
76561197993145609,Recommended,257350,28069626,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,VanSkillz,Timeless classic!!!
76561198014910072,Recommended,257350,27809199,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Domuska,"The best classic game based on the D&D (or rather AD&D) ruleset, a must buy for anyone who enjoys isometric RPG games."
76561197982675057,Recommended,257350,28064008,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,shAde,"Truly a title which befits the ""Test of Time"" Award. Baldurs Gate offers tactical Combat, a lot of different possibilities to develop your character, an epic story and entertaining party banter / gameplay. Start with the first part!"
76561198207259655,Recommended,257350,28176934,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,faircloth,Hours and hours of engrossing story and excellent gameplay. This game is ageless.
,Recommended,257350,27820870,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Romantic Sadist,"This is the best RPG of all time in my opinion. It has a fantastic rich story with great characters, strategic gameplay based on oldschool AD&D without the need to specifically understand AD&D rules to get into.This game can be played on easier difficulties if you just want to enjoy the story, or harder difficulties for a strategic challenge without becoming tedious as many RPG's tend to when played on harder difficulties.If you're not sure if you'd like this game or not, I'd recommend starting with the second game, as it's much more initially attention grabbing and introduces you to the more fun aspects of the gameplay while having a better story, and you won't miss out too much story wise since the two stories aren't directly connected. However I do recommend playing the first one at some point as it's still a fantastic game.For those old fans of BG:II, the Enhanced Edition is finally worth the pricetag, many of the glitches with the EE on release have been worked out and the online is functional again, with some new decent content that doesn't interfere with the base game."
76561197977568160,Recommended,257350,27896128,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Metal Lord,Would venture forth without my gathering my party again.
,Recommended,257350,28009739,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Science Vort,Still the best game of all time. OF ALL TIME!
,Recommended,257350,28021291,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,▽ Boingdom,- came out a million years ago- got for 8 bucks- better than no man's skyCould it be any better?
,Recommended,257350,28022925,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mordecai-DI-,"This is quite simply the best computer game ever made. If you are only just now looking at this game or have only played it a little in the past- I urge you don't go looking things up, merely dive into the world and enjoy the depth of this 17-19  year old game. The measly amount of hours that steam shows me having played this should not give you the wrong idea. From the time I Was 10 this marvelous gem has held a special place in my heart."
76561197973280115,Recommended,257350,27972659,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,pastortomuppets,"I nominated this game for ""Villian who just needs a hug.""  And that villian is Jon Irenicus.  Wouldn't it have all been different if Jon's Mommy and Daddy had been just a little kinder, a little more understanding?  When his sister Bodhi became a vampire queen, couldn't *someone* have taken Jon aside and let him know that it wasn't his fault, and just held him until the tears subsided?On second thought, Jon Irenicus was an AWESOME villain, perfectly voice-acted by that british guy that was in ""Time Bandits"".  Forget everything I just said, because I wouldn't change a thing."
76561198013203874,Recommended,257350,27849817,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lamorah,A true classic!
,Recommended,257350,28131264,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,phoenix_00005,Love tihs game and i have for a very long time. It is a timeless fun D&D game :)
76561198107203287,Recommended,257350,28208233,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Bob McBobbyBob,"A classic game that very much stands the test of time, but my only complaint is that the multiplayer is super buggy. It is astonishing that a remake of a game from the 2000s would be glitchier than the original.But other than that, the game is extremely flawed in multiplayer and I would rate it bug-riddled when venturing forth to multiplayer."
76561197976282676,Recommended,257350,28209310,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Ribnax,"This is one of the greatest games of all time. I have played games almost every single day since I was 4 years old, and I'm now over 30, and this is in my top 5 games.When I was in high school and this game came out, I stayed up for 5 days straight to play this game at night, when I wasn't at school, because I HAD to find out what happened at the end, and throughout the DLC, Throne Of Bhaal.Buy it."
76561198029077977,Recommended,257350,8264720,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Kaven,"One of the best game,  replayable!recommended to keep for collection!"
76561197971849487,Recommended,257350,8399471,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Entropy,Great game!
76561198106296414,Recommended,257350,8826742,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,milby91,A re-release of a classic.  Probably one of the best RPGs I've ever played.  Still a fun game despite how old it is.
76561197971430481,Recommended,257350,8281960,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Dead Head,Excellent story. new features
76561198045288897,Recommended,257350,34523935,Posted: 27 August,all,Dr. Watermelon,"Now Steam has recorded 100+ hours of me playing this game.I have easily put in 500+This game holds a special place in my heart, especially it's characters.The enhanced Edition has only brought improvements to the game.It looks better, plays better, and is, as far as I have seen, glitchless.The Enhanced Edition has only fixed the many small and major issues, the game is the same for old time fans, with extra bits.It's also more welcoming to new players.10/10 Would playthrough 20 more times."
76561197977900064,Recommended,257350,33527878,Posted: 13 July,all,Mr. Bulldops,"I've dumped more time into this game than any other prior to the enhanced version coming out. It was a great use of an entire summer vacation from school once upon a time. I can't recommend this game enough.Honestly, this is the standard that I hold modern games to and they rarely make the cut."
,Recommended,257350,31127935,Posted: 13 April,all,Lily💖Returned,"I like RPG game, Especially the games that you can choose your own dialogue and plot^_^"
,Recommended,257350,15205116,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,abcdefg,This game is as big as Elminster AND his hat.
76561198003644239,Recommended,257350,27904232,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AquaBoar,"BG2 is, without a doubt, the greatest RPG ever made. Fifteen years later, it has yet to be matched."
,Recommended,257350,30646709,Posted: 20 March,all,LordOfGreystoke,Played around 700 hours of this game before I got it on steam. It's alright.
,Recommended,257350,8935290,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Malah Ram,Yes. nominated boiizzz
,Recommended,257350,13628947,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,mynameisrogernow,"So good. Its a classic and I played it all the way to the ending including the extra content. Battles have weight, and its not just the boss battles that require you to use a bit of innovation. Exploration and questing is rewarded. Dated graphics mean nothing, the mechanics and atmosphere demolish recent games. Experience this. You will be glad you did."
76561198005972533,Not Recommended,257350,23830438,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tanner,"You know on The Office when Michael says,""You miss 100% of the shots you never take. ~Wayne Gretzky... ~Michael Scott""This game is now,""Baldur's Gate II. ~ BioWare... ~Beamdog""Nothing of value was added."
76561198044082642,Recommended,257350,10927739,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jubilant,played with a friend and we got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the mephits right at the beginning 'cause we didn't know how to do anything so we ran around pulling everything and died10/10 would die in again
76561198001744156,Recommended,257350,10936240,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Trey,Worth the full price.
76561198161580294,Recommended,257350,13445138,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Klakier,I made an elf pregnant.10/10
76561197995154557,Recommended,257350,34975633,Posted: 15 September,all,Belshirash,"Best Game Ever.No words can describe Baldur's Gate, it is simply a masterpiece in gaming history."
76561198016880511,Not Recommended,257350,29750592,Posted: 6 February,all,The Bruce,"I can understand taking a classic game and wanting to retouche it to make it more approachable to the dumbed-down new generation which only cares about graphics and misses out legendary content like the one in Baldur's Gate. What I cannot understand is two things:1. Why would you ask a full 20 euro for a game that you have filled with unfixed bugs (which are probably never going to be resolved anyway)? For 20 euros you should be fixing the bugs AND making me coffee for an entire year, you crooks!2. Who gave the right to a group of social justice warriors (which is codename for r e t a r d s) to change the actual content of a historic game with their political agenda??? This alone guarantees a downvote and is something I never even imagined when I gladly paid my hard-earned 20 euro to get an enhanced version of THE ACTUAL BALDUR'S GATE 2!After this, I paid ten bucks to order from Amazon the actual full Baldur's Gate collection (all games, all add-ons) and another ten for a similar Icewind Dale box, and have been a happier man ever since."
76561198062086700,Recommended,257350,15472478,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Vosler,"You may have to delve into an ancient forgotten ruin to find another game just as good. Baldurs gate II: Enhanced Edition expands greatly on the first, not in just plot, but in characters, enemies, and terrain. The first was lacking many ""real"" dungeons, save for a few, but the second really goes out of its way to provide that ""dungeon"" environment, having been thrust into the fold of it from the start. The higher levels in the second allow for more deadly foes, having something like a lich in the first baldurs gate with the starter levels just wouldn't do it justice. No longer will you have to yawn at a pack of Gibberlings, for now, the true beasts of the night come out to stalk you..."
,Not Recommended,257350,10929735,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Hizzy,"Great game, my 247 hrs is about less than half of my time on the original.  The number of mods out there is amazing, anything from quest mods to npc mods. Character depth and interaction that you just can't get anymore on ""modern"" games.The EE is somewhat buggy, not buggy as hell as some of the other people are saying and yeah the game has been out since November 2013 and still no bug or addons like what was promised but still a great game.NOTE: a lot of mods for this game just don't work on the Enhanced Edition, I'd recommend the Original BG2 instead of this due to the lower number of available mods and literally no support from the devs.EDIT: I failed to mention, the added content exclusive to the EE isn't that great so you won't miss anything if you don't get it and just go for the Original."
76561198045118691,Not Recommended,257350,25196757,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Scarface,"Same as the first, it looks real pretty and is more streamlined for todays gamer, but the Beamdog characters are pretty terrible (poor voice acting, put into spots you have to interact with them and can't avoid). Save your money and buy the original, mod it with Baldur's Gate Trilogy (for free) which even looks better, and customize it the way you would like minus the crappy Beamdog writing and characters."
,Recommended,257350,10510918,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Michael M.,"Anyone who tells you they don't like this game very simply does not have an opinion worth listening to on anything, ever."
76561198053286557,Recommended,257350,23020093,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Axxxel,"Camaraderie, adventure, and steel on steel. The stuff of legend! Right Boo?"
,Not Recommended,257350,29048001,Posted: 5 January,all,Optimus,they just bought the name. contains more bugs than enhancements. stick to the original with widescreen mod
76561198002201234,Recommended,257350,21578089,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Kolhu,One of the best RPGs ever made. 10/10
76561198071591920,Not Recommended,257350,20454923,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,bucketman,"An apparently leaked beta pre-release version of a CRPG classic redux. Has ten times as many spectacular bugs in it as the original 2000 release, no graphics and speed settings of the original and reduced pathfinding nodes.There's also new content including such gems as a Bag of Holding with a coffin stuck in it and a fetch quest about using limited consumables to catch 8 randomly wandering cats that have a 5% chance to escape your inventory once a minute.All in all an adequate experience for a nostalgic gamer who wants to meditate on a long prosperous journey big budget RPGs had from rng savegrind tactical strategies cluttered with walls of tedious graphomanic drama to putting a bucket on a vendor's head after spending a day in face generator.Also multiplayer. If you're lucky."
76561198135895118,Recommended,257350,18904577,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,olli.kuitunen,"Time, I find, has been incredibly kind to this tour de force of computer role playing. The EE version is not much of a touch-up, but well worth the lowish price point nevertheless. A tad buggy."
76561198010667989,Recommended,257350,18898847,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Falknir,"One of the best RPGs and, I could even say, games ever. It's a must have for any lover of RPGs and a good game for any gamer in general. It may seem a little difficult at first but after you learn the basics you'll love this beauty as much as I do.I bought it on sale so I could relieve all the wonderful experiences I had when I played the original a few good years ago and it's just as good or even better. Definitly worth it."
76561198043465754,Not Recommended,257350,14887640,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Biwin,"I love this game, but my favourite class is broken (Sorcerer), and after 3 months of it being reported by numerous people it hasn't been fixed.  Very obnoxious and hardly ""enhanced"" for $21.99 or whatever it is in USD."
76561198268019571,Recommended,257350,25679832,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Omegakingjose,An rpg for the ages
,Not Recommended,257350,23852864,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Abby,"I checked this game out again after seeing all the recent negative reviews and I almost vomited when I got into the game. The spritework looks objectively awful now, and the interface is more unwieldy than ever and stands out next to the rest of the game's assets. It seems they're continually distancing the game from its original iteration with all these redundant updates, which is kinda counter-productive when you're making a re-release that's supposed to supercede the original.Maybe I'll appreciate these changes when my PC morphs into a phone, since that's the only place where these changes would make any amount of sense. But until then this is a straight up inferior version of the game. How hard would it be to add a ""Switch to original graphics"" option?"
76561198035890104,Recommended,257350,25575249,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,kcook05,If you love RPGs then this is a must have.  I have bought it twice and have played through it a dozen times.
,Recommended,257350,32648604,Posted: 22 June,all,Bambino,Bla bla bla bla.9\10
76561198069053969,Recommended,257350,30524627,Posted: 15 March,all,tamas7610,"I like this game, really, but the game crashed every 10 minutes.Save often xD"
76561197967508296,Recommended,257350,28966658,Posted: 2 January,all,FuZZyNut,"Damn great RPG, a world to remember and savor.  I loved the item whoring combined with amazing RPG elements and story/universe.The RPG by which all others shall be judged.It deserves a chance if you can get past the dated graphics and GUI."
76561198032761932,Recommended,257350,22439510,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Gigaxe,"In my opinion the best game ever. The story and sense of adventure as well as the variety of quests, characters and locations stands up to this day. The attention to detail and scale of this game as only been matched up to now by the Witcher 3"
,Recommended,257350,18715081,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,aegorsuch,One of the great CRPGs of the Golden Age is rereleased with many improvements and the gaming world rejoiced!
,Recommended,257350,19699759,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Chef,"This games does not need a review due to its legendary status.Everything in this series is inspiration and glory.EDIT: I don't see why people ♥♥♥♥♥ about EE version, when you can't even get the original to work on windows 10, and their +50 mods to just make it work, asking your self is this the original experience everybody was talking about?After latest patch many things were fixed and i understand many fan boys are insulted the change of graphics or the price tag. Not to mention half of the websites offering you ""mods"" are out dated,original installed is outdated for new windows/OSX. So shove it in your♥♥♥♥♥fan boys, original is great and will always be, but this is also great ""fix"" to play on modern system.And who the hell buys games on steam for full price? Just wait for sale, when its 5.75€ like I did.Now a game for that little money deserves a better rating in review section.Again for those who dont own windows XP and willpower for installation of 50 mods, this is the right version.I personally found no bugs that are so infamous for EE version. But i have found many fanatics telling me they exist, like it goes in every religion out there for god.My 0.02$"
,Recommended,257350,7878517,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Dazan,100% Nostalgia. This game is so adictive!
76561197978638574,Not Recommended,257350,26754056,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ed,"As of right now... not a lot of time in game because a majority of it is spend fuming in irritation from the excessive encounters.  I am in a supposedly safe city yet there are combat encounters every time I go to a different section and each encounter is a 4v6, 4v10, or a 4v12.  I'd rather not spend every ♥♥♥♥ing minute of my time fighting the random slaver encounters.  I dont need the money or the xp I only need the time back."
76561198036857892,Recommended,257350,30439091,Posted: 10 March,all,tvik,"This is a great revamp of a classic game from the late 90's, if you're a fan of the Faerun setting of Dungeons & Dragons,  this is definitely a game you'll enjoy."
76561198029978533,Recommended,257350,7812261,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,America_Yea,great game.
76561197985223676,Recommended,257350,21114910,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Tinon (MG),"I cannot be caged.I cannot be controlled.Understand this as you die, ever pathetic, ever fools."
76561197971126500,Recommended,257350,18849316,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,SilverSurfer,a good retro experience that held out quite well
76561198030972399,Recommended,257350,10992236,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Roboboogie,Is gud.
,Recommended,257350,15645599,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Salt Spikke,better than the first
,Recommended,257350,19721894,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Wraith,"Great story and gameplay! One of my all time favorites and an all time classic. Compared to Pillars of Eternity BG2 starts to show its age, however it still stands the test of time and is absolutely worth playing!"
,Not Recommended,257350,20995343,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Kasser,"The Enhanced Edition is not very enhanced.Everytime I played this CO-OP with my friend online, it seemed there are problems. The support for this game was extremely slow.Please beware if you are getting this for playing online."
76561198065545417,Recommended,257350,18658467,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Ralf the Huge,"**** (of 5)A good role playing game with many characters and storylines. You are drawn into the stories and want to find out all about the many people you meet, especially your potential group members. Additionally the game is based on the dungeons&dragons rules, which give you quite a big freedom to steer your characters and their abilities. It's a bit tiresome that you can't save and sometimes it takes up too much time to find out, how to get any further."
,Recommended,257350,19706292,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,亞 Doctor 亞,"God tier in single player, THE experience with a full party of friends."
76561197981373715,Recommended,257350,7890570,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Nicodemus,Best game of all time just got better. More than happy to pay the $25 on the off chance it helps them develop a BGIII.  The characters in the Enhanced Edition are also better balanced and more interesting than any of the MOD characters you can download.
76561198061377830,Recommended,257350,7874830,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Triarii,Great game.  Very difficult.
76561197978092634,Recommended,257350,7918955,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Maztor Zab,SUPERB!
76561198045382984,Recommended,257350,15905104,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,xk Jam,Must have for anyone's CollectionGreat game
76561197963514693,Recommended,257350,33106086,Posted: 1 July,all,tooftooftoof™,you can easily pour 100+ hours of playtime into a single run
76561198098994769,Recommended,257350,29305919,Posted: 16 January,all,profviolence,Best CRPG ever. Loved it when it first came out; the EE is even better and I am enjoying revisiting Amn. It is a very accurate representation  of AD&D 2nd edition rules. If you play pen and paper D&D or like CRPGs this is the game for you.
76561198211271813,Recommended,257350,33290903,Posted: 5 July,all,alexisnlavergne,"I really loved it, it felt exactly like it should, having all the extras you had long ago. I was very satisfied"
,Recommended,257350,16714504,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,EvilSmoo,"Do. Not. Touch. Hexxat.  The ""enhanced"" stuff has bugs, but the Hexxat stuff is spectacularly buggy.  And her plotline kind of sucks anyway."
76561198254045418,Recommended,257350,27635200,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sorceress,This is great game.
,Recommended,257350,26082940,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Naughtius_Maximus,Yes!
,Recommended,257350,18386995,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,VonCurry,Greatest game series and RPG/Story of all time. Don't be a cuck and play these games. If you're looking for more information check out other reviews.Baldur's Gate 2 wraps up the story of BG 1 and I recommend playing the games in order to maximize your experience and story.
76561197972318601,Recommended,257350,18856431,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Holy Monkey,Best game of all time
76561198035143305,Recommended,257350,18300991,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,joelaurora16,"If you haven't of this game yet, It's ok apparently Black isles didn't have hype department at the time.I'm two characters finish and I'm thinking of third oneyeah it's that good"
,Recommended,257350,18513373,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Tantalico,"One of the games I most spent time playing in my childhood. Nostalgic to the end!!! I will always love Baldur's....Remarkable characters, story and experience."
,Recommended,257350,7730547,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Natas,This ♥♥♥♥♥ like catnip  O.o
,Recommended,257350,12105462,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,RUN DMT,Dungeons & Hamsters
76561197998212178,Recommended,257350,15646132,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Shadibadoo,"In a nutshell-  BGII is the perfection that Pillars of Eternity and the DragonAge series are trying to recapture.It's one of those rare games that has everything.-Beautiful hand-painted environments-Excellent writing, meaningful quests with multiple morally-ambiguous solutions.-Hectic real-time combat where the outcome depends on your strategy, not how powerful you are, without getting at all complicated.-Lots of drama, personal quests, character development, and romance between companions.  You know, like Dragonage.  Except, there are *over 20 companions*.The game is everything you could want."
76561197985900873,Recommended,257350,12929966,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Maximum Borkdrive,"Play it, or be forever known as the cashul scrub."
76561198048493098,Recommended,257350,16587116,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,WILLIAM HACHE MACY'S DAY PARADE,Silverwind Darkshadow: YupSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows FailedSilverwind Darkshadow: Leaving ShadowsSilverwind Darkshadow: Hide In Shadows Failed
76561198065063610,Recommended,257350,10912144,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DeimosExitium,Classic RPG.. if you like Advanced D&D Definately buy this! Graphics are a bit dated but the Gameplay remains!
76561198027692912,Recommended,257350,15633779,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Super_Creep,Baldurs gate you either love it or hate it .
76561198119344791,Recommended,257350,9024898,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,keithrhamilton78,would be better if the action play was done with a controller instead of a mouse. in my opinion with the keybord functions it would be a better game play using the controller like the xbox or playstation joystick
,Recommended,257350,7966493,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,pjm_901,"If you like tactical rpgs you will love this game. It does require a lot of micromanagement on battles, but the npcs are full of personality. You will be able to notice that these were the people that made dragonage origins."
,Recommended,257350,8536165,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Helios,8/10
,Recommended,257350,8267762,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,"Dwayne ""The Rock"" Johnson",You know this is the♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198126513119,Recommended,257350,12184923,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,neozaibatsu,bestgameevva
,Recommended,257350,21045078,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Winter,"BG2 in a nutshell: oh im in a cage, i freed my companions. wait, im rescuing a fairy by taking her acorn to place in another land so she can be reborn from it. what a dragon is sending me letters in the mail? Now im on a boat...STOP READING REVIEWS AND BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,257350,21049380,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Rockvamp,"One of the best, if not the greatest RPG ever made. I have beaten the game more times that I can count. Yet, I always find something new. A must have for any RPG players."
76561198090910713,Recommended,257350,21087511,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Logos,Buy me
76561198023840494,Recommended,257350,21105414,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Alucard,a must have for all D&D fans
,Recommended,257350,21111937,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Bitterman,"A fantastic game, pure and simple."
76561197964180061,Recommended,257350,21156326,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Yerude,"Baldurs Gate 2 is simply the best RPG ever made. None ever reached this quality in story and gameplay. Tactical deep with massive amount of spells all unique in their way. No simple ""deal X dmg on y enemy"" system. Very diverse crowd control system, lots of ways to play this game. It uses the old dnd rules and they are much better for a computer game than the actual ones. Also charackter creation is less complicated.One of the first games where also multiclassing was possible. The atmosphere is still unmatched."
,Recommended,257350,21224666,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,All-Day,Was nice to visit this classic with an update
,Recommended,257350,21261645,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,[OPA]Cadavre,"When asked, I always say that Baldur's Gate II is my favourite ever game.  I've bought it more than once, but haven't played it in at least 10 years.  Graphically, it was never top of the line but coming back to it this is a strength because it doesn't feel like I'm playng something old.  The storylines are so memorable that I'm finding myself remember as I go - in fact, I recently completed ""de'arnise keep"" and found I could remember where the enemies were!  I'm really enjoying this trip down memory lane and looking forward to the new characters and stories added by Beamdog.I can't recommend this enough, Bioware at their best mixed with new elements for the experienced player."
76561198030940757,Recommended,257350,21398373,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,tiims,"Just as good as I remember, Enjoyed the pits as a way to battle test builds."
76561197962877853,Recommended,257350,21416906,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Bluewurm,"I am enjoying the improved BG 2.  It was worth buying, but the steam achievements are not working."
76561198042622682,Recommended,257350,21435996,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Allanon,One of the greatest games ever created. Warning to people new to dungeons and dragons though. This game uses rules 2.0 so I doubt anyone new will understand it all at first. Once you get past that it has no equal in its domain.
76561198035849331,Recommended,257350,20116600,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Master Bomarc,"My favourite game from my childhood.Pros-No load screens-Many tweaks and bug fixes-New content-Zoom!-More info in Inventory screen-Still mod compatibleCons-Some Enhanced Edition content is noticably not from the originial game-Will spend too much time playingIf you're looking for an in depth RPG that is challanging and won't hold your hand, buy both Baldur's gate: EE and Baldur's Gate II: EE"
76561197997918244,Recommended,257350,20233948,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Nautical Moving Negro,Dice Rolling Simulator II: Rage Edition summary of the game right here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdmfVyPrqcc
76561197993613713,Recommended,257350,20236752,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Agent_W,"Make sure you know how spells work and know how to counter them. Also, strive to get +3 weapons as soon as you can. You may want to do some bestiary research too if you're rusty on your D&D. That's all I have to say for anyone who's actually going to enjoy this game.Chances are, it will get unforgiving and you will have a hard time, but this is NOT a bad game for its age.10/10 would prevent total cosmic chaos in Amn again."
76561198142637977,Recommended,257350,20341575,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,The Fallen Titan,"I used to play this game a long time ago, decided to give it another whirl. It did not disappoint! It was just as incredible as it was then. Never actually played D&D but I would assume this is a great representation. Well-rounded, not to mention the beauty of the landscape. I do however feel that the major decisions of this game can't be helped and will end the same way no maytter what.This in-depth rpg is large for it's time and doesn't ever feel repetitive. That being said I always play a spellcaster which means always learning new spells to incapacitate/destroy my enemies with. I can't imagine that could be said about melee fighters. Fighting of the rest of the party basically can be set to fight the way you want automatically but getting to choose when and where my main character would unleash hell was entertaining as well as tactical.In a nut shell, if you enjoy isometric, story rich, rpgs then give this game a shot."
,Recommended,257350,20343908,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,TiMMaHnaTor,"Ahhh.... Dungeons & Dragons. The Baldurs Gate series relies heavily on that tabletop game and its rules, and the Forgotten Realms universe dreampt up by a few men. I previously had the first Baldur's Gate on disc for computer, and by golly was it amazing. I remember figuring out that I can create a multiplayer game and play it by myself to have a full party of 6 characters. Fast forward 5 years, and I discovered Icewind Dale 1 and 2. I (pirated) both of those, and had a blast yet again. Now the 2015 Steam Winter Sale rolled around, and I discovered there was a sequel. I flipped, and decided it would be my first foray back into the series (legally). I love the way the series has presented itself, and it is a timeless classic."
76561197975035214,Recommended,257350,20432333,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Bob,Great Older Game really sucks you in Tons of Content be careful takes a a long time to play! Do a little Reseach before you spend to much time made quite a few mistakes not a forgiving game prepare to get slapped down.
76561198190765401,Recommended,257350,20571384,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,mehu,"I got it back in the days when it first come out in france , I was still a childThen later bougth it when it came in a special pack including the first and second both whith their extansion with their 10 or so cdThen later bougth it in a 4 dvd boxIf I had won 1 € for each hours passed on it i would be billionaryIf i Could go back , I would do the same I'll never regret that choice this game's F****** awesome  probably one of the best games everI'm happy they got a new released for the new pc cause the old version start to got some troubleso if you like RPG or good games buy itIf you like the forgotten realms buy itIf you like to butcher dragons , drow or vampire buy itIf you like to butcher everything that goes in your way and become a god buy itIf you want to save everything you can and become a god buy it"
76561198051546064,Recommended,257350,18282801,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Yamantaka,"Once on the best RPG's of all time,Immersive sophisticated (bit dark) story, excellent character development, and fantastic questing. I'd recommend this, even to someone who does not normally like RPG's. If you are going to like RPG's at all, this might be the one. For people who do like RPGs, this is one of the best in the genre. You are less guided in this game in what you have to do next, after you beat the first dungeon you are in a wide world, where you can discover what quests you want to do, and you decide what you are capable of taking on.I played BG II before BG I, so you don't need to have played the first.you start as a lvl 7 character, not lvl 1, and you only create yourself, you pick which other 5 characters you want to accompany you."
76561198103936135,Recommended,257350,10922999,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,AegisWangSW69,Baldurs gate and baldurs gate 2 are two of the best story driven d&d fantasy games that have ever been created from the characters to the primary plot line to the dialog and choices you make in the game hands down this franchise changed how we enjoy our games and the way they affect us and the way we affect the universe we are playing in mass effect dragon age they both started here first a must play and a must experiance game if you are into fantasy epics! two thumbs way up! love this game!!!
76561198079304707,Recommended,257350,19691011,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Adin239,
,Recommended,257350,16778989,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Irm,"wichter iz beter, triss masterrace"
76561198114455061,Not Recommended,257350,8075375,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Myrmuz [IRL],"I recommend this for multiplayer ONLY. The game in general is a buggy mess and the writing and conceptualization of the new content is poor, badly conceived and does not fit with the original game at all. Even for a multiplayer recommendation the connectivity itself is abysmal: get used to being unable to connect to games, getting kicked during cutscenes and so on and so forth.Everything it does is done as well or better by the original plus mods. (And I include Saerileth in that)However, the original is pretty much impossible to play on multiplayer.This is not worth the price for something which is essentially a multiplayer expansion for a retro game. If it was 10 or less yeah sure I'd recommend it but as of now it's just a disgusting cash-in on the part o0f the developers."
76561198097938024,Not Recommended,257350,16004884,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Zarugal,"I played the original and Baldur's Gate 2 is potentially the greatest game of all time. However, do no go near this version of it. The UI is terrible, and the direction that the developers behind the Enhanced Editions is going is not good for this sort of series at all.There are still copies of the original game out there, with disks still available."
,Not Recommended,257350,13601904,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Kythia,"Edit: DO NOT BUY!Beamdog has done what I could not have forseen, with their ridiculous Siege of Dragonspear expansion they have managed to turn the original Baldur's Gate Games into a blurry mess of Arcanum-style character sprites and failed UI-""upgrades"". You now have to scroll in your spellbooks, just so that the new kids don't actually have to learn the symbols (which is psychologically idiotic, cuz humans are good at symbolism), the edge of the map now hangs halfway into your screen killing immersion in the process, etc..This does not feel like Baldur's Gate anymore. I tried to play it. I tried to see the good in it, like the more organized journal, but it didn't come to me.Do not buy this anymore until they fix this. I'm going back to my Big World versions. Goodbye Neera.-------I will never understand the haters of this excellent remake. I also bought BG1+2 as original 6/4-CD versions when they came out. First in german, than a few years later as english DVDs, then at GoG again when they came on sale and I still bought the EE's of both games.And you know what? They've done everything right!1) The small tweaks go over extremly well, like 80 arrows per quiver slot.2) The engine works flawlessly and the little UI enhancements alone were worth the money to me.3) The new NPCs are mostly great. I especially adore Neera, who is so very different from the rest, maybe with the exception of Tiax. I also like Dorn, because both BGs generally lacked evil party NPCs that weren't overacting or plain insane.4) Both EE's are easy to mod. Most Gibberling's & Co mods work, but you need far less of them. The 12-hour-installation of the Big World Project was a pain in the rear, and it usually took me several tries.To sum it up, Beamdog delivered a pure Baldur's Gate experience with excellent new content in a very polished package."
,Not Recommended,257350,16902930,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,AgentX,"The core game is really fantastic, tons of glowing reviews to read if D&D rpgs appeal to you. However, the enhanced edition is more inconvinent and less intuitive than a lot of fan made mods made over the years. I gave up trying to configure it correctly and slog through ini files. Bring back the resolution options in-game like the original had with Bgconfig.exe"
,Not Recommended,257350,14661066,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,aya4dw,The only thing that we need the most is the Chinese  language .When can we get it ?
,Not Recommended,257350,11533639,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,Baldurs Gate 2 single handedly ruined my grades through the majority of high school. One of the best games ever made and consistently makes it in my top 5 when people ask for my all time favourite games.The down side is the original game with mods is better than the enhanced edition. Do yourself a favour and go buy the originals on GOG and use the community mods to enhance it for the best experience.Edit: Version 2.0 has made the enhanced edition utterly horrible. It is almost unplayable.
76561197970364603,Not Recommended,257350,15283711,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,shakespearechimp,"Firstly I'll say that I absolutely love Baldur's Gate 1 and 2, however I can't recommend the game in the Enhanced Edition format.The enhanced edition brings nothing new to the game that hasn't already been introduced in mods for the original. The updated graphics existed in the widescreen mod (albeit without the ability to zoom in to see an extremely blocky close up of characters). The new characters and quests are poorly written (dialogue choices are obvious and over the top - good, evil and sarcastic). Many of the quests seem to be attempts at comedy that both fall flat and break immersion in the game.This edition seems to have done very little to fix what bugs, exploits and even spelling errors existed in the original game, despite these problems being well known in the community and frequently already corrected in the various tweak packs. To make matters worse I've suffered several crash to desktops, which I've never experienced with the original game (I have the GOG version of the original installed on the same machine with mods).In my opinion the only two reasons to buy this version are for the (admittedly very fun!) Black Pits 2 or if you don't feel capable of modding the game yourself (perfectly understandable, but be reassured that the modding community is largely very helpful and supportive)."
76561198022081225,Not Recommended,257350,19062493,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Huanglukuzhu,I've met a bug which prevented my character from any actions per 1 second and no one care about my bug report. This game seems to be deserted for years.
76561197978337815,Not Recommended,257350,16649825,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CRAGNAR,"I say this game is not recommended, but you'll probably note the many hours I have in to it. Here's my explanation.The game is still a lot of fun. Quite challenging even on normal, and very brutal if you increase the difficulty. Mages can be gods on the battlefield, and not having a diverse party could quite simply ruin your life. However.....I do not recommend this game because at the end of the day it is exactly the same as it was when originally released so many years ago, the main difference is that there are a few extra characters/items and an additional quest here and there, but nothing truly ground shattering. As an owner of the original game, I could have simply loaded it on my PC and had nearly the same exact experience. Buying it on sale offers me a bit of satisfaction though, but still leaves a rather bad taste in my mouth.Overall, this kind of thing makes me realize that staying away from HD upgrades or anything of the sort is the best course of action. It really is nothing more than a money sink, and the only ones getting anything out of it are the people who profit from your purchase.If you have never played the game before, then give it a shot. But you could probably find an old copy of the original game and you'd pretty much never know the difference."
76561198082962870,Not Recommended,257350,19632002,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Goguryeo,"Oh look, they ♥♥♥♥ed everything up with the new update. Well that's ok I'll just play the original version on GOG... wait... they removed the original BG series and IWD from the GOG market? Well... ♥♥♥♥ you too Beamdog. 2/10 ""modernized"" a classic please just play the 1.3 version."
,Recommended,257350,9195614,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Hunka-Dunka,Имоен тоже дитя Баала.
76561197970554803,Recommended,257350,25919471,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Squatingtiger,"I'm very excited to be able to post this review, keep in mind this is not my full review! But I just can't contain myself. On to the review!!!!(1 hour in)So awesome, so far I've managed to roll an 88 stat with 18/56 for strength, my best roll thus far and saved it. I'm really aiming for a roll in the 90's with a str of 18/?? for my fighter/cleric. .......(3Hrs in)....so far I've almost cracked it, the gameplay is so nerve wracking!!! Interestingly I find that when I re-roll at higher speeds, I can't seem to keep up with the numbers on the screen, a few times there I'm sure I hit over 90 but then immediately re-roll!!! Keep missing that magic number, the heart races!!!!....(6 hours in)......Holy moly. So my strategy has shifted...and that's what this game is about, STRATEGY!!! If you planonbuyingthisgame...then be aware, do NOT stop on rolling a good stat number but then think it's not good enough and immediately begin the rolling roulette so quickley, you get complacent and click so fast, you miss good numbers that come up......(18/00 hours in...)....broke my mouse so had to leave the game running while I went to purchase another, didn't want to lose that 88 roll with 18/56 I had saved. Pretty sure I'm nearly half way through the game, stuck at the 18/22 boss, I've almost got it but I cant get the other roll over 90 now.....Best virtual dice rolling game ever, would roll a 72 again."
76561197985962419,Recommended,257350,9166590,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,mordecai,reaaly enjoy the game again
,Recommended,257350,34423648,Posted: 22 August,all,Tingo,"I bought BGII Complete on GOG originally. Then I heard about the quality of life improvements in the Enhanced Edition, so I had to try it out. After playing both versions, I'd recommend the Enhanced Edition over the original."
76561197980935229,Recommended,257350,34116650,Posted: 8 August,all,mcurless1441,"Amazing RPG. Loved it from start to finish. Great characters, story, and combat. The enhanced edition is the way to go."
,Recommended,257350,34389297,Posted: 20 August,all,Nurland,"Even better than the first installment of the series. One of the top rated PC games of Metacritic and for a reason. Bigger and more polished version of the series first installment. Some of the same, familiar epic characters and even more interesting sidequests and legendary boss fights. This is PC gaming at its best for me."
,Recommended,257350,34297649,Posted: 16 August,all,- dan -,"Who's this ""Baldur"" guy anyway?!? (jokes, Balduran was a guy who built a big wall (not on his own, he paid for it) (and Baldurs gate is the city that sprung up at the main gate of said wall)). Baldur's Gate II is a classic D&D RPG from the late 90's and the enhanced edition adds many modern tweaks and options. The game is sprawling with an involved plot and a large number of ways to approach the game. Despite being ""enhanced"" time has not been kind to BG 2 and it islooking a tad crusty at this point. Still though, this is one of the best RPG's ever made and if you can give it the time it needs then you won't be disappointedgood-lots of bang for your buck, the game originally came on 4 discs (with a manual as thick as your thumb)-good writing, neat story-a myriad of options-I like the gemstonesBad-looks average by todays standards- UI feels a bit clunky-I never even finished it despite sinking in like 60 hours (i was a dumb kid though). Bit of a time sinkAt the end of the day this a no brainer to recommend but for the RPG fan there are a LOT of quality RPG's these days. Would I recommend this over say, Pillars of eternity or Divinity Original Sin? Probably not. But if you are looking for a really high caliber adventure for a good price that is going to keep you occupied for a good while then this deserves your consideration. 4.5/5, game is good."
,Recommended,257350,30532915,Posted: 15 March,all,Mr. Moonshine,"They see me Bhaalin', they hatin'."
76561198038050813,Recommended,257350,32790639,Posted: 25 June,all,dmunson75,"A classic and still one of the best. The new content probably isn't worth buying it again if you already have it, but if you haven't got it and want a great, fun experience then you should try it."
76561198310092936,Recommended,257350,33077262,Posted: 1 July,all,chobOs,best game ever
76561197991824207,Recommended,257350,33048001,Posted: 30 June,all,vectra,"One of the very best RPGs ever. I'm not sure I really like this conversion of the game, I think I prefer the original version with hi-res mods. The extra content does not seems to be as good as the vanilla one though.But if you want to discover the Baldur franchise without spending time in mods, that's a good start. It is playable and neat out of the box.THOUGH I suggest you read the game manual in order to spend some time with the D&D mechanics AND their implementation in a pause-based & turn-based real-time mode. This game is easy to handle, but it's definitely not Diablo.BAD POINT for non-english users: this is only in english. No voices and texts in your own language, and that's why I stick to my vanilla game with hi-res mods."
76561198022516979,Recommended,257350,33244905,Posted: 4 July,all,Xenomang,Still an awesome experience...
76561198059922072,Recommended,257350,30724712,Posted: 25 March,all,Spiders.Spidersonyourface,"This game is a work of art.The NPC's have a load of fun interactions with one another and most fit little niches for party customisation and story progression.The wealth of magical items, equipment, weapons etc. available for you to hunt down and loot is fantastic. The main USP of this title compared to the likes of PoE is the uniqueness of special equipment that you can find and its interplay with encounters throughout the game. You don't just craft a 'normal/fine/rare/epic' weapon or armor piece, you find them on the corpse of a difficult foe at the end of a dungeon and your use of that item echoes your achievement without being overpowered.Some of the swords/flails/what have you have names and one of them even talks to you.For the most part, your path through the game is quite non-linear to the extent that you can journey about and make yourself as overpowered as you like before embarking on the main story, provided you're comfortable putting the work in.The combat has a wealth of strategic potential. You'll be saving and re-loading many times to approach encounters with different strategies, and it's not going to feel tedious.The lore is interesting from what I've payed attention to, but I'm not exactly a lore guy.Some seriously memorable people, places, and fights are packed into this title. It doesn't have an ""overwhelmingly positive"" response on steam at the time of writing, but I think that's a function of older players picking up the enhanced edition and not being totally happy with the quality of the added NPC's and their stories, which I agree with personally. Look up the reviews for the original release and see the overwhelming positivity for yourself. This game is a rare accomplishment on a significance and qualitative par with the likes of final fantasy 7 and I think you owe it to yourself to play through it.It says I've only 28 hours on record but I played this game to death back in the day"
,Recommended,257350,31238804,Posted: 19 April,all,thro,"It's like the original with widescreen support and a few other nice features.The additional NPCs... meh.  If you're a BG2 fan and cbf getting the old versions to run on current platforms, buy it.If you've never played it before, but are into RPGs, it has one of the best storylines of any computer RPG of all time.  Buy it."
76561198166839389,Recommended,257350,30663724,Posted: 21 March,all,lottiezebzebzeb,"♥♥♥♥ing Rasaad, you guys.So Gorion's ward see him wandering around the town square and walks towards him in slow-motion with a wistful smile and One Republic blaring in the background, glad to catch up with an old friend. And he goes, ""Hey, you seem kind of familiar, have I met you before?""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ RASAAD?!?UUUHHHH YEAH LET'S SEE SHE ONLY LISTENED TO YOU TALK ABOUT THE MOON FOR HOURS ON END AND BROUGHT YOUR SQUISHY♥♥♥♥♥BACK TO LIFE 100,000 TIMES. YOU LITERALLY CALLED HER YOUR SISTER RASAAD. AND DID SOME HEAVY-HANDED FLIRTING, AND NOW THAT I THINK ABOUT IT THOSE THINGS DON'T GO TOGETHER SO WELL.Blah blah Bioware classic blah blah one of the greatest games ever. All of that's true and you should totally play this game. I'm still stuck on the Rassad thing because I'm an extremely petty person who holds grudges."
,Recommended,257350,31097508,Posted: 12 April,all,Aionis,"this version of the game has a bad reputation for bad dialogue and unlikable new characters. i honestly don't see it. yes the writing feels different than the original. but, is it bad? i don't think so. it's done in a dragon age 2 sort of way. you have the straight forward nice answer. the sarcastic♥♥♥♥♥answer and the answer that normally ends with you killing people. some of the dialogue i find funny. i like how the new characters have three way dialogue with the older party members.now the issue i do have with the game is to make party banter appear (it almost NEVER appears sadly, except your love interest or potential love interests. those activate correctly still) you have to hit CTRL+I and keep hitting it until banter starts. it sucks but at least you have the option of going through all of it whenever you want. just fyi, i don't know if this happens in shadows of amn, but in throne of bhaal your love interests party banter will repeat when hitting ctrl +I. it's annoying but i wanted to finish the banter of my other characters before finishing the game.gameplay wise this is fun once you understand how the stats work and that crowd control and summons trump dps mages. that and haste is everything. makes the game run at a tolerable speed. your normal walk is just slow.I also love how each member of the party acts differently with eachother. like some characters will try and kill eachother. it's a aspect of a game i've never seen before besides the BG series. i think it's a shame other games don't do this. it leads to more playthroughs. i've done a full good playthrough and am playing a evil playthrough with 2 of the new characters and i enjoy it still with over 150 hours of playtime.now a huge con of this game is that there are bugs. like i mentioned earlier there is banter bugs but there are some quests that litterally don't finish sometimes. like for example during edwins quest this guy shows up and tries to fix edwin. he does and then it's suppose to start a fight (edwin is a jerk but really fun party member honestly) the fight didn't activate tell i reloaded it three times.the biggest con of the game would have to be that it crashes constantly. now to be fair i looked it up on the internet and i think i found the solution (I haven't crashed in about 10 hours of play) it had me make the save folders in my documents not read only. remove the checked box on it. this probably wont work for everyone though. also i turned on admin for the EXE file and switched it to compatible with xp service pack 3. I do not know if this had any effect but it seems to help it. will see later on i guess.TL:DR great game with bugs but the game loads in so quick that when it crashes it's not a big deal. if this was pillars of eternity i'd have broken my monitor... that game takes forever to load... characters in this game are amazing and i do like dorn and hexxat of the new characters. i have not touch the other 2 (3 if you count the dark elf from 1. dunno why he isn't in 2) gameplay is fun but i think crowd control was overdone in D&D it lasts... way to long. other than that i highly recommend this game to anyone that loves isometric strategy games. hell, if you like a great story (even with todays cinematic stories this one beats almost all of them with how much detail they go into party member relationships.) they have a story mode button to basically make your party members immortal. they'll go to 1 hp and not die. if your unsure buy the game on discount. also i don't like BG1 much. the story was very bland compared to 2. they are night and day for me."
76561198000839345,Recommended,257350,31994711,Posted: 27 May,all,Harry 'Snapper' Organs,"There was an episode of Top Gear where they reviewed modernised version of Jaguar E Type. The conclusion was: still such a beauty, but everything underneath that loveliness was new, better and updated and made it an overall better car. Such is the case with Beamdog's remasters of my beloved classics, BG, BG2, IWD, PST.The main difference between playing the original with mods enabling widescreen, hi-res etc is quite obvious, you don't need any mods - plus there is a zoom function (very useful), there are sprite outlines (which some people, including me, love, some people hate them), there is a feeling of easiness of use, which the original lacks in 2017.New content, well, I didn't like it. Beamdog's creative department isn't probably the best out there, so I chose to ignore new characters and their stories (after, of course, trying to play them at least once).But all in all a remaster that makes BG2 even better game."
,Recommended,257350,32073224,Posted: 30 May,all,bise241,"This game has so much quality content. It's like 3 games in one. I highly recommend it. Playing the first one is not required to understand the gloriousness of this game, but you may want to after you've played this one, so you can do a character from level 1 to the super high levels in throne of bhall"
,Recommended,257350,32142801,Posted: 2 June,all,GrimGore (MRX),"This was one of my favorite games as a kid. So many games I've purchased because of nostalgia, but unlike the others this game did not fail. It was just as wonderful as I remembered it, and it truly does have replayability. I'd suggest getting it on sale b/c $20 is a bit much for such an old game, but if you've got it to spare this is definitely a classic of the genre.The enhanced edition features also made very minor improvements that had very major possitive effects on the game. If you enjoyed playing this game before you'll no doubt love playing it again."
76561198106329090,Recommended,257350,32693330,Posted: 23 June,all,Gnasher,"Loved this game back in the day, and I'm glad it's being worked on again, great game, great buy."
76561198044120676,Recommended,257350,32606946,Posted: 20 June,all,Kat,"Still probably my favorite RPG of all time. (Been playing since before the enhanced editions came out, and the EE adds some very nice content as well.)"
76561198069427779,Recommended,257350,29371520,Posted: 20 January,all,League of Legends is Best,"I enjoyed this alot, wanted to see what the fus was about. Pretty old game but a memorable story and rpg atmosphere."
76561198077028139,Recommended,257350,29707557,Posted: 4 February,all,Saravock,"A more accurate title would be Baldur's Gate: Special Edition.The gem that is Baldur's Gate is still here but all attempts to polish it feel ... out of place.- The new writing does not fit well with the rest of the story/tone. (Serriously who thought adding ""Cool babe now make me a sandwich"" as a dialouge option was a good idea?)+ The ""Black Pits"" and ""Gladiators of Thay"" make for, quick, pleasent multiplayer sessions.- The old mods wont work.+ Several bug have been removed.- Several bugs have been added.At the end of the day, the greatness that is Baldur's Gate is still an amazing experience and the new content is completly optional.Highly recommended."
76561198030747657,Recommended,257350,29853476,Posted: 11 February,all,johnrandallwest,Gerat old time classic.  Love the cheating aspects where you can create whatever items suit your fancy.
,Recommended,257350,29915797,Posted: 13 February,all,Favorties,The reviews talking about a ton of bugs are outdated. They're mostly fixed. if anything they might lock you out of a single quest.
76561198088485191,Recommended,257350,30276723,Posted: 2 March,all,Panda Gladiator,"Late review edit:Intialy had some running errors unable to launch, despite the many possibilties I went onto thier external forums, posted a topic, 3 mintues later I had a hot fix from thier community. Do not be too put off by other reviews complaining about errors..Such as I was. :( so apoligizes for my early naive review.Anyone wanting to relive the Baldurs Gate 2 experience should definatly purchase. BG2 Enhanced Edition does exactly what it says on the tin. 9/10 . It will certainly leave you in nostalgia. Thanks all"
76561198128444348,Recommended,257350,29932199,Posted: 14 February,all,OITdr0n3,"I have played this game since it came out and have continued to be enthralled by the story, the characters, and the loot! If you love D&D but have no group to play with, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,257350,27499572,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JGast,One of the best RPG's of all time!
,Recommended,257350,27532290,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sagekun,Deserves the Test of Time award.
,Recommended,257350,27607322,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Giden,"Returning to this diamond, it is...almost as I remember it. Not quite as enthralling as it was, but it sure is fun to try and discover Amn again. And Irenicus is still the most kickass bad-guy."
,Recommended,257350,27456769,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Omega8520,"Original game was amazing, but I can't help but think some of the updates have ruined the feel."
76561198046464090,Recommended,257350,27505941,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wolfpack Presley,This game surpasses the test of time. I've played this as a kid and 15 years later it's still one of the best games I've ever played.
76561198021652371,Recommended,257350,27547939,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kathios,"Baldur's Gate II takes up where the first left off.. and blows everything outta the water. Your fight with your brother was just the beginning, and now things are taking a much darker turn. Can you fight your way through the hordes of enemies to reclaim what was taken? Find your greatest allies in the chaos? Only time will tell if you've got enough strength left to fight... or surrender.I can't express enough how well this game has stood the test of time. If you've ever enjoyed sitting down with friends and rolling some dice, cutting through goblin armies, skulking through dark damp dungeons, or just sitting in a tavern and eavesdropping on locations of rare treasures then this is definitely the game for you. The story is the richest of any game I've ever played, with so many different paths to take. Whether you feel the desire to uphold the laws, defend the innocent, strike through the heart of evil... or perhaps harness the evil itself and drive the citizens to their terror filled demise, there's plenty of story and options for you!If you've ever loved an RPG then pick this up. You won't be disappointed."
76561197974463258,Recommended,257350,27561023,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Prowlinger,Stands true the test of time for one of the best RPGs ever known. A classic amongst the gaming community and RPGers alike. A must get.
76561197962115080,Recommended,257350,27591043,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Moux,This is a classic RPG that everyone needs to play at least once.
,Recommended,257350,27604228,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sedulous,One of the greatest RPG games ever made.
76561197990256301,Recommended,257350,27710921,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,vecna,"This game is a relic from the past. I mean this is the Holy Grail, for RPG players. May be a little dusty, but shine like a beacon of example, how an RPG game to look like. Products released nowadays cannot reach the same level of complexity, or quality."
,Recommended,257350,27860690,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Birdoggydog,"One of the great classics of RPG Gaming, and indeed gaming more broadly, Baldur's Gate is a masterpiece which shines anew in this Enhanced Edition.  While there's a great deal of back and forth online over whether EE or self patched/modded versions are better, the EE is a great, one click way to get started.Truely one of the greatest RPG's of all time, this (and the original) are must plays.  I recommend starting in BG1 - the plot there is much simpler and more grounded in the mundane, but it has some strong emotional beats and sets much of the emotional content of BG2."
76561198060306545,Recommended,257350,27892295,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Awaywah,"My siblings and I played this game to death when it originally came out. Literally the disk shattered inside our computer. I thought I'd never get the chance to play this game again. Imagine my joy to rediscover it, here, on steam. It is just as good as I remember it, if not better. Some games you will love forever and, now that there is no disk to disintegrate from overuse, I can and I will."
,Recommended,257350,27965103,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,rioteff,The best rpg ever !!!
76561198204204155,Recommended,257350,28025637,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Adeptus Wolf,*cries a little* Its as beautiful as I remember. My young adulthood crystalized in a game that will forever be my favorite.
76561198007632807,Recommended,257350,27488199,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,grendy1987,The Greatest RPG of all time and the Greatest villan. I've been playing this game for years and there is always something new to discover or try
76561198037833169,Recommended,257350,27543381,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Solaris,This is a game that doesn't rely on looks and graphics. It is a game that focuses on story and gameplay. Because of that you can always boot up and play Baldurs Gate.
76561198013767716,Recommended,257350,27553027,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PnPgamer,"I have always loved this game from the very first time I tried it and played with friends on a single computer, each of us creating characters we wanted. When technology developed, we all had a copy of this game and we kept on going. Hundreds of hours, hundreds of characters, gazillion quests done over and over again, I still find this to be my favourite game ever."
,Recommended,257350,27555738,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,shadowstriker85,"While not a completly improved verison, the original game was hands down the best game I have ever played.With mods, you can play this, seige of dragonspear, and BG as one continous game.  I very much recommend doing this.Again, not all of the additions are worth it, I enjoy this game."
76561198033137839,Recommended,257350,27567283,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mark,great game
76561197970501886,Recommended,257350,27618469,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Raymo,An absolute classic! Stil sharp after all these years. Just like a fantasy series that you keep re-reading over and over again.
76561197975728309,Recommended,257350,27752187,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr.Smokes,Epic old school D&D adventure with a great villain and story!
,Recommended,257350,27795941,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Müslimüsli,Just pure D&D. I love it.
,Recommended,257350,27817026,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Savage Beast,I highly recommend this game if you're looking for a decent RPG title.PLAY THE GAME FIRST WITHOUT ANY MODS...then install the mods that suit your taste(s). :)
,Recommended,257350,27871856,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,troels.bo,"Amazing, never gets old!"
76561198002184556,Recommended,257350,27876558,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Molay,This a basis RPG.Great and eternal.
76561198026526885,Recommended,257350,27882500,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cold,What not to love? Absolutely classic. The graphics is pretty outdated but if you aren't bother with graphics then you should totally get it.
,Recommended,257350,27906543,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Stargazer,"Still going strong after all these years. If you like ""traditional"" role playing games, you should give this one a try."
76561198344155874,Recommended,257350,27974707,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sharoth G'hul,Everything and more that you could want in a AD&D game.Perfect for practicing scenarios and typecasts for future games; plus all of the lore to boot!Would pay 1000g for again.
76561197968449053,Recommended,257350,27983238,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Coro,"From the title music to the end credits this masterpiece never ceases to impress! With countless hours of entertainment and many, many different ways to play it I can't recommend this enough to people looking for a classical RPG world to get immersed in."
,Recommended,257350,27999602,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zifnab,"Hamsters and rangers everywhere, rejoice!"
,Recommended,257350,27999730,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,the cube,Have to review because of steam awards reasons: Test of time.Probably the best RPG ever made so far. Definitely Test of time category.
76561197973566687,Recommended,257350,28041473,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Atheos,"No other game is so complete: Characters, Story, Music, lore, this game has it all..."
,Recommended,257350,27432916,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ronwe,"This game. Man this game.I've been playing this game since 2002 and I still go back to it sometimes. The story is awesome, the villains believable, the motives unknown.When I heard dragon age was its spiritual successor, I got extremely excited only to be severely disappointed."
76561197960390066,Recommended,257350,27610633,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kangaxx,This is one of the very few games I can always come back to and play over and over and over again and still find some new little thing for me to enjoy.  This is one of my top 3 games of all time.
,Recommended,257350,27657962,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Astro,"I have no idea how it took me until the past year to play this game. I usually don't like older games and RPGs, but the story and gameplay in BG2 is so good that I've been playing it for months now. Nothing about it feels ""old""."
76561198066245112,Recommended,257350,27920504,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Maninjadog,Its just amazing. I you like RPGs of any kind give it a try. The character creation is diverse and the conversation options make you feel like your actually in the game. It has stood the test of time.
76561198046744704,Recommended,257350,27929101,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,pr0phe2,"My first experience in the D&D world and the expansive world of Faerun...I love this world, played the campaign (original Shadow of Amn 3 times to the end). It is one of the best times i spent in a game...story, characters, mechanics, looting, items, crafting, everything...and lore to your heart's contemp.I recommend this game 11/10"
,Recommended,257350,27831217,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DD,A game that does not disappoint
76561198051096918,Recommended,257350,27856449,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LotsOfLore,A true masterpice that proudly endures the test of time!
,Recommended,257350,27543974,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kemayo,"This game is rather tied up in my childhood, so it's hard for me to look at it in an objective way compared to modern games. I acknowledge that it's kind of clunky, but it's an engaging story which gives you a decent ability to decide why your character is doing what they're doing (though not to the extent of, say, Planescape: Torment).I think it's still worth playing for newcomers, but be aware that it's *huge* and a bit grindy for the combat."
,Recommended,257350,28063491,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gordulan,"To be frank, I never played the original Baldur's Gate series and only got into it about a year after the EE's were released. My biggest bugbear with all the Infinity Engine games is the realtime combat mechanics which at best are cumbersome and at worst are a complete cluster****.However, the storyline is a completely different beast. Once I finally managed to get the hang of the godawful combat mechanics I discovered a story with an incredible depth and characters which were more that just two dimensional personality cutouts (which in today's games are stupidly common). There were moments in BG2 that actually brought me to the verge of tears and other moments that managed to pluck at the strings of my soul. As it stands I can heartily recommend BG2 for anyone who is looking for a game with an great storyline."
76561198139800225,Recommended,257350,28913597,Posted: 1 January,all,LiaStar,"Baldur's Gate will always hold a special place in my heart. It has well withstood the test of time, and the Enhanced Edition only refined the original. Never have I played or encountered a game exactly like this one.Wellcrafted characters and interesting plot line.I cannot recommend this game to RPG fans enough, if you enjoyed the first game you will most definitely enjoy this one."
76561198088776362,Recommended,257350,29200018,Posted: 12 January,all,Draconis,"-Captured by Mind Flayers-Find out What Happened to Montaron-Find Proof of Mae'Var's Treachery-Inside the Planar Sphere-Investigate and Destroy the Cult of the Eyeless-Investigate the Deaths in the Umar Hills-Rescue Gerran's Child from Firkraag-Rescue Raelis and Haer'Dalis from the Planar Prison-Seek Out and Investigate the Fallen Paladins-Solve the 'skinner' Murders in the Bridge DistrictThe above would be among the best RPG main questlines ever, but they aren't, they are SIDE quests! All for one game. One game that still stands in 2017 with a game world of unparalleled scope, atmosphere, and intrigue. Each of the above mentioned quests takes hours, but there's always more to do, even after you finish them.The massive scope of Baldur's Gate 2 is decorated with mostly text-based dialogue (though the main story line is almost fully, and fabulously, voice acted). Despite the overwhelming quality and quantity of side-content, the main story is still the best part of the game. Featuring dialogue that represents the best writing the gaming industry has to offer. BioWare's storytelling in this game hasn't been matched for 17 years. Baldur's Gate is not a story about saving the world, like countless other RPGs, it is a personal story about one character's personal struggles, but it features everything else we all love about the best BioWare games. 20 deep and intriguing, well developed characters make up the cast of NPCs you get to choose from to form your party of 6. Each of those party members will banter with eachother, and will question your decisions, and sometimes your decisions will lead to them leaving you, or even trying to kill you. And if you manage to keep them all there's a classic BioWare style quest that is unique to each companion, and will ultimately shape your relationship wtih them, for good or for bad.There's plenty complex gameplay that overlays a massive adventure here. How much more complicated, detailed and tactical could Dragon Age Origins have been if it wasn't dumbed down for console? You can find out by playing Baldur's gate 2. 7 races, dozens of classes, and hundreds of abilities and spells are all yours to experiment with as you clash with hundreds of different kinds of enemies and monsters, who all possess abilities and spells of the same complexity. Decorated with visually stunning spell effects and suprisingly immersive sound effects, this game still boasts many of the most epic RPG fights in the history of videogames. There's always something new to learn about the combat, so this gameplay will never cease to engage and interest you.You'll find youself in a dungeon, trying to rescue a poor man's daughter from a dragon, but that dragon instantly butchers all of your tanky warriors as soon as you unpause. You'll find yourself in an ancient ruin with a demon that is immune to all forms of attack. The challenges are endless in this game, and they rival Dark Souls, but they are equally rewarding as well. When you finally figure out how to kill that Dragon, his loot will turn you into a demi-god, which is good, because you will have to fight a God in the next fight after that.The main quest features many more characters besides the 20 NPCs that you get to choose. A quest that will take you on unforgettable adventures, not only through the Forgotten Realms, but through human emotion. Torture, imprisonment, war, death, suffering, betrayal, love, redemption, and atonement are all features in this wonderfully dark and gripping tale.The mage Jon Irenicus, widely regarded as the best videogame villain of all time, tries to strip you of your powers, tortures you, and the questions he asks about your abominable and inhuman nature linger with you for the entire game, and often come up in nightmares. Because of his simple identity as a fallen human being with reasonable insights about human nature and society, yet his aura of pure evil and despicability, he reminds me more than a little bit of Heath Ledger's Joker in The Dark Knight.  He takes your friends from you, and he steals your very soul, and leads you on the most enthralling fantasy adventure that has ever been crafted, as you chase him through Elven forests, Catacombs full of vampires, alternate planes of existence, cities below the Ocean, Islands ruled by barbaric Pirates, Elven cities, The Underdark, and even to the Deepest circle of Hell.17 years later people are still playing this game, and the only ones who wouldn't tell you it's one of the best, if not THE best RPG of all time, are the ones who haven't played it. It's better late than never to change that. No RPG has a combination of such a massive game world full of atmospheric detail and intrigue, combined with flawless and gripping writing, and extremely engaging and rewarding gameplay. And along with everything else, This games soundtrack will stick with you for the rest of your life, along with many of the characters, and many of the events.11/10""The pinnacle of RPG greatness, by which all other titles of the genre are measured""-GoodOldGames.com"
76561198078258155,Recommended,257350,28840591,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ItsSlendy,"An incredible experience. I had unlike many RPG fans never played Baldur's Gate before. The game looked really interesting so i decided to give it a try.Man i was confused. The game has a very steep learning curve and is really difficult to get into. Especially for players like myself who have never played a D&D RPG before.That being said. THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING.It has an amazing story with deep characters, an awesome play-style and great gameplay mechanics.I highly recommend playing the 1.3 version for the best experience. You can change to that version from ""Properties"" then you click on ""Betas"" and then you choose ""bgii_1.3""If you haven't played it yet. GO ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY IT!"
,Recommended,257350,28938044,Posted: 2 January,all,Terou,"A fun run down memory lane. with improved graphics (for all you too young to remember when isometric rpgs looked like this...yes they are improved), baldur's gate 2 can provide countless hours of fun alone or with friends. recommend story mode for those new to these kinds of games.or if you are insane like me...just pick the highest difficutly and refuse every other party character. it is insanity...but still somewhat possible. there are also multiple stories to play through, each with side quests of their own."
76561198025991850,Recommended,257350,27478388,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Miko,Best. game. ever.
76561198027117939,Recommended,257350,27773430,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,methilil,My nominiation for best use of a farm animal.Wild magic dropping a cow and insta shotting bosses is ftw.
76561197969764561,Recommended,257350,13432669,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Myth ︻デ═一,"Decent refactoring of a truly great game, but nothing spectacular that could not already be achieved by modding the vanilla game. I haven't tried multiplayer in EE yet, but from all accounts it appears to be a buggy mess.I am SO glad this game was not defiled by tacky Steam ""achievements"" popping up to ruin my immersion. I could give a  **** if that was the 1,000 orc I've slewn. Are gamers really that OCD today? Must we count every single mundane thing that happens?Achievements tend to become their own meta-game and affect story and immersion in negative ways, especially if you earn an ""achievement"" for doing mundane and ordinary actions that EVERY player does. ""Congratulations! You've opened your first door!"" *kill me now*However, if there must be an achievement, it should be for discovering the only giant miniature space hamster in the known universe."
,Recommended,257350,11024374,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Rogem,"!!! NOTE TO BUYER: There are severe problems with Windows 7 !!!So, this is a game that uses mechanics from the earlier versions of the Dungeons&Dragons pen and paper RPG. It is out-dated gameplay-wise, but the story is well-crafted and the level of freedom is still far better than what many modern games allow.If you're considering buying this game to play with your friends - hold it, that's probably not a good idea. This game has been ported from the earlier version of the game, and present problems include:- Crashes when alt-tabbing- Crashes when progressing to the next chapter in multiplayer- GlitchesWhile the problems in multiplayer may seem minor, it is still frequent enough to make you no longer want to play after a few chapters.However, if you intend to buy this for the singleplayer content and don't mind the graphics, go ahead - it's a great buy."
,Recommended,257350,26965577,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xTheRogueKnightx,Highly Recommended for anyone who is a fan of the cRPG genre
,Recommended,257350,35107413,Posted: 21 September,all,Trilion,Highly recommended.
76561198215241284,Recommended,257350,35088951,Posted: 20 September,all,Elmur,a master piece the only downside is that its so hard mani wish for a third one im not counting neverwinter btw
,Recommended,257350,7674562,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Alpha17x,Plays like the original. Good times
,Recommended,257350,26525361,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,puban,......................
76561197978675481,Recommended,257350,18438241,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,RYN,Classic.
76561198027161483,Recommended,257350,18878126,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,smlemkvi,"Old school RPG, great game with loads of memories. Buy it if you ever lost a month to an AD&D campaign in your youth."
,Recommended,257350,18436825,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Nobinobi,THE essential cRPG.
,Recommended,257350,10675190,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,hitech-,Bättre rpg än såhär går tydligen inte att göra då det fortfarande är bästa ute på teh intarwebz
76561198039977318,Recommended,257350,10720328,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ted the Enabler,"The greatest CRPG of all times, now on modern OS."
,Recommended,257350,10597655,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Arihyo,"Still one of the best RPGs, despite its age."
76561198042356353,Recommended,257350,25567522,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Keyser Söze,"This was the first time I had replayed BG II since it first came out and as such I had forgotton almost all of the story and it was really good to play it as new.  Still one of the best RPGs out there and unlike some other of the older RPGs it is quite good to look at and the interface is not too clunky to use.  IMO the magic system is up there with the best, making the strategic element of spell choice and the tactical use of them in combat a challenging and greatly enjoyable aspect of the game.  My only gripe is with the in-city elements to the game which I think are a little weaker but otherwise excellent.9/10 - would have my mind flayed again."
76561198086911696,Recommended,257350,21392457,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,0Illusions,The best game ever.
76561198098039440,Recommended,257350,29527675,Posted: 27 January,all,Landi,"It's well know that this is the best role playing game ever conceived so there's no real need for a review here regarding the vanilla version. It's been done. As far as the EE version, it had a rocky beginning, but now all the major bugs have been fixed and it's mostly a smooth game even over multiplayer. I played the entire saga with someone I've never met (Nitram) who lives across the globe. We had a lot of fun with few problems. What issues did appear were managable, so not too much time was spent troubleshooting. I imagine multiplayer is even more playable now since our playthrough was a couple years back."
76561198163983191,Recommended,257350,24110341,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,boreqVM,"Before I bought the game I've done an extensive researh on game review sites / forums, have read the user comments and then bought the game myself.BG have been the most epic game of my childhood, and I was eager to play again when I've heard they have updated it after all those years. First and most important thing I can say; do not be fooled by all those negative user comments about how the game has been made easier and therefore ruined, by making things such as ""auto-trap detection"" and etc. If you want to play the game just as it was before when it was first released, those new additions CAN BE EASILY TURNED OFF, or some may be left on depending on your preference. Game is still as good as it was before, and after all the fixes, after buying/playing, I can say it is even better now.If you enjoy a RPG with an amazing detail and epic story waaay ahead of its time, which is still amazingly detailed and fun to play, do not think twice before buying this game. Do not expect graphical and animation-al (?) details, as this game is over 10 years old, but the depth of characters, stories, interactions... This game is better than any book I have read, any movie I have seen. If you spend alot of time, reading backstories, doing sidequests, exploring, I'm sure you will agree. 10+years old, still better than 99% of new RPGs."
76561198050401129,Not Recommended,257350,31051219,Posted: 9 April,all,ickydread,"This is an epic glitchfest, you can't even play multiplayer because of all the crashing and glitches. Just go buy the original because this thing doesn't even run at all, honestly the devs should be ashamed of themselves for even trying to sell this pile of garbage, all they did succesfully here was wreck a great game. The number of glitches I've encountered are just completely out of hand. Druid spells locking up and becoming unusuable after wildshape, summons not unsummoning when you rest, the genie from the first dungeon summoning in duplicates of himself at random times and places even in later chapters, non-host characters becoming a hosts char after dreams, crashing on the map. It's just bad, don't subject yourself to the this pile of crap."
76561197961862025,Recommended,257350,8047463,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Jesus_Guy,It turns out Baldur's Gate is not even in this game and what the hell is THACO?
76561198019376442,Recommended,257350,24637360,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,PaliofFireandIron,This is the all time standard for all role playing games. This is one of the only video games that truly sticks to the D&D format. This is a pen and paper game put into a video game. It is the best period.
76561198052358899,Not Recommended,257350,17275250,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Skinny_Legs,"This is my 2nd attempt to try a true D&D game and while allot of people enjoy this sort of thing I do not.   When the grpahics are terrible and the game play is also bad its hard to enjoy something.   See the time I have on the game?  12 hours or so and I am still trying to get out of the starter dungeon.  Now I've played Divinity and Pillars of Eternity and enjoiyed them quite a bit.  This game is just terrible and if this is enhanced I get the shakes what the basic game is like.  One of the early party member is beyong annoying and the other is less than useless.  Casting any sort of AOE kills or roots your enitre party as well as the enemy.  The fact that I can camp any time I feel like it makes the mechanic of only being able to cast what is memorzied pretty uselss.   Now in most games if you mouse over a spell you will get a tool tip telling you what the spell is.  In this game you put the mouse over the icon and a few seconds later a scroll unrolls to tell you that this spell is ""fireball"" now if you right click it a window opens and you can see what it does.  Now carefully aim it so it lands 10 metyers BEHIND your targert or you will end up setting the enemy and your group on fire.  The druid in your part cvan cast a root spell which is a handy aoe but watch out where you cast that as it affects the entire area of the window you are in adn effectively roots everyone.   Blah  I couldn't recommend this to anyone!"
,Recommended,257350,12800994,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Warboss Goregutz,Still waiting for the OSX and Linux versions to appear. Otherwise pretty good.
76561198058854238,Recommended,257350,30522946,Posted: 15 March,all,OromisElf,"Den Klassiker schlechthin nochmal spielen. Ich hatte mich lange gewehrt dieses Rework zu spielen, aus Angst dass meine nostalgisch-erhöhte Erwartung enttäuscht werden würde. Nun nach einiger Spielzeit kann ich sagen, dass ich positiv vertraut überrascht wurde. Das Spiel fühlt sich immernoch so an wie früher, es gibt einige Quality-of-life-Änderungen (z.B. kann man der K.I. endlich ein Skript geben, ohne dass diese einem sofort den nächsten Kampf verliert).Die verbesserte Grafik ist sehr gut gelungen und fühlt sich nicht fehl am Platz an. Zusammengefasst: wer Baldur's Gate II mochte, wird vermutlich auch Baldur's Gate II Enhanced Edition mögen."
76561198047473175,Recommended,257350,26280819,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Kingsley,Absolute classic.
76561198066287546,Recommended,257350,25258342,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,speesmail,Be mewild magepros-hold myself with spells-double enemy hp-drop cows on allies and make them explode-in previous game turn myself into a chick-summon demons-summon birds-changed color-forgot to loot weapons in first dungeon so spent first twenty minutes of game punching enemies (nonleathal damage) and finishing them with magic missile from me and the annoying rogue/mage who won't leave me alone at the start of each game-stole some guys silver pants-game requires strategy-good enough writingcons-the second best healer won't shut up about wings-Tiax cannot join the party-I can only use a sling for some reason-mocking the solar turned me into an evil god-I didn't get the cookies I was promised
76561198012398999,Not Recommended,257350,18467128,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,rhayabusa,"This is a joke, I've always owned the pre-steam era Baldur's Gate titles and played and finished them 100's of times - but this is RIFE with bugs and glitches. Whether it's NPCs doubling up and appearing in the strangest of places, e.g. some woman asking me to do a quest and appearing in Lavok's Sphere, a aprty member getting stuck under a table in the hall of the Black Pits 1, or being unable to go forward in the Astral Prison with Haerdalis and having to use cheats to get out.New charcaters are nice, classes and their quests too - but DAMN there are ALOT of bugs. If you have to buy it (like I did) get it when it reach $5 and less, Personally, I will not being buying the Dragonspear exapnsion when it comes out."
76561198117748271,Recommended,257350,21693690,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,rrcnate,"This is a must own classic RPG with a grandiose story and engaging characters. A great combat and skill system based off of DnD rules. Plenty of tough choices to make, and the classes for your protaganist vary greatly for amazing replayability. My personal favorite game of all time. Here's the kicker though, you can easily find this game on other sites (ebay and Amazon for disc versions and other websites that will sell digital copies) that are cheaper, and that you can mod the hell out of. It comes down to whether or not you want convenience and a slightly higher pricetag with beamdog, or going through the process of finding a copy from a website you trust. However you choose to get this game, get it, because whether or not you buy it here or somewhere else, you should BUY THIS GAME. It's amazing."
76561198111534746,Recommended,257350,8033553,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,ctn2011,great game no cd swap. but it was just 1 cd. tecnoligy cough up with this game so it waset exacly worth 25 bucks but BG1EE WAS worth 25 bucks no cd swap classes and charaters and a few other things. i recmond both of thes games if you havet played them. their better than skyrim
,Recommended,257350,8311510,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,play this gameits ♥♥♥♥ing awesome you stupid nerds holy dickpenis
76561198048124678,Recommended,257350,26190846,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,BerserkElf,"Classic, if buggy."
76561198111379721,Recommended,257350,25447750,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Martine Dee,"I love Baldur's Gate. It is one of game sagas I played the most. The EE series have brought new elements. So, let's give one most positive and one most negative.EE gained a large visual advantage, by allowing big resolutions and zooming in and out beyod what I had in the original games. :O Although I already had my copies of the original games, I was happy to move my playing to the EE versions for this thing alone. ;)On the bad side, I find that characters introduced in EE and their story lines downgrade the general feel of the gameplay. :( Hence am happy to avoid them. :)"
76561198056479093,Recommended,257350,20279353,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mr Psychic,My favorite game of all time remains my favorite game of all time.  While the Enhanced additions are not necessary to enjoy the game they are fine additions that don't seem terribly out of place (with the minor exception of audio quality for new NPC dialogue).  The game runs well and looks good considering its age.
76561198050077373,Recommended,257350,21585770,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,escaperealms,Baldur's Gate II Enhanced Edition :Thanks to Beam Dog for upgrading the BG Forgotton Realms series so you can play it on any of the new  high end computers. With new characters as well as the old favorites and many new side quests. who would have thought the best series of RPG games could get better.If this isn't enough Beam Dog is almost finished with an expansion that takes place between BG 1 and BG II.If your an RPG lover then Baldur's Gate II EE is worth more than most all of the newer games that are comming out now.The only people that don't rate this game No 1 are too young to know that real game play is not just run-n-gun. You have use your brain and stratagy to play BG it's not all jump and shoot but Role Playing is an art for those of us that can still make change for a dollar without a calculator to give us the answer.Best of he Best 10 out of 10 with thimbs up all the way.Worth 3 times the cost easy.
76561198047353878,Recommended,257350,29265098,Posted: 14 January,all,KezAzzamean,This game is still enjoyable even after all these years. That is how you know you have a solid product.
76561198042058547,Recommended,257350,30326157,Posted: 4 March,all,Vermin Supreme,"im only at the beginning of the game. love it so far.it seems to have all the qualities of an old school bioware rpg.(thinking of kotor)i dont mind that the enhanced edition doesnt really look better than the original.it has a certain rustic charme in my opinion. its like a time capsule you know..the writing is excellent at this point. the beginning of the game is soo creepy.i really like it!also so far the game runs like a charme. i will update this review once i played more of this gameso i can adress choice and consequence, story, characters etc.."
76561197971308505,Recommended,257350,28334125,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Swiskon,"This game is still the best RPG I've played (not counting JRPGs). The characters are funny, smart and memorable. The story is intriguing and have just enough epic put in to it. There is tons of fun side quests. What they've done here is that they have you collecting money to advance. Sounds like a boring thing but to get the gold you need to find quests. This makes the gameplay and experience non-linear but keeps the story linear (linear stories are better). The game play is tactical and fun with lots of pause and unpause moments. Weapons are special here so you rarely change them. This makes your equipment mean more since they tell a story. I've got this from a dead witch… or whatever. Also, read the story on weapons with names. They are sometimes really cool.For the enhanced part. There is some improvement on character creation and they've included Throne of Bhaal. This is all good. They've also included 3 more characters. This would be good if they weren't so stereotypical, boring and bad.I could go on forever but will that not at all. If you want a epic story with enjoyable characters and tactical RPG gameplay than this is the top one. I don't know why you're still reading this. Buy it (on sale of course, also, for Linux)."
,Recommended,257350,28342208,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Fenris,it is a true remastered game with new content. great job.
,Recommended,257350,7797542,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,SNF,It's Baldur's Gate 2. Buy it again. Do it.
,Recommended,257350,33144599,Posted: 2 July,all,setho,"Its worth its money if ur not Polish and its on sale, aside that its rather cashing on nostalgia. There is only english version as far as i know."
,Recommended,257350,21740975,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,bOrIuM,Best RPG of all time. Played that game at least 50 times.
76561198123043740,Recommended,257350,20242910,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ShawnD989,Excellent old school Game!
76561197982759358,Recommended,257350,20452280,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Minor Threat,The original dungeon crawler... The game of my childhood.
,Recommended,257350,25407282,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Mr. Kyle4SoD,"As classic as it gets for PC RPGs. Althoug this version of the game is somewhat, ""Easy Mode"", it is only easy in the sense of trying to make the game a little more modern. No more carrying 5 gem bags, just one or two now. The game has its ups and downs, some textures could be better but I overall have enjoyed this game very much, and hated it very much. The newer content is somewhat lacking, but still provides fun gameplay."
,Recommended,257350,10504227,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,С Г エ χ,"What do you mean you don't want to pay for a game you've already brought? Can't you make an exception for the best western RPG?As far as new content goes, there isn't too much from what I've seen, though each of the new party members seem to have a couple of quests each, so that's not bad, the writing is a bit snarky for those parts."
,Recommended,257350,18557237,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Beefy,"A blast from the past, now in HD.10/10 would play again."
76561197967802920,Recommended,257350,21779268,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,kLosD.KaxkeTT,"outstanding rpg. truly a classic.  if you like character development, tanding plot, righteous and not so righteous choices, and absolute freedom, then this game will be awesome for you. if not, then you probably just suck so thats kool..."
,Recommended,257350,15532640,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,DEVO,"one of the best, if not THE best RPG."
,Recommended,257350,13411133,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Hitude,One of the best RPG ever made.
76561198082687413,Recommended,257350,10907718,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,wrhunter,Still have much to fix
76561198142245824,Recommended,257350,15710900,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,SethEverard,"Hours of great story line, and strategic gameplay!"
76561198018985023,Recommended,257350,14690784,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Improper Use,"As it was on release. The Enhanced Edition is basically the same game, with some more.Baldurs gate is many things:An obnoxious slice of gaming that highlights what gaming was, to how it is now.A good look at how D&D and retrogressive consertativatism now travel hand in hand.A great example of what happens with a cumbersome control system and excessive mechanical choiceHow not to outlay game mechanicsWhy Bioware is regarded as 'good'If you adore an abusive (rock paper sissors) combat system that requires excessive memory retention and gated combat. This is for you.As someone who has spent over 1k hours playing this game after the originals release. It is really difficult to play now due to the obtuse and ye old school difficulty curve. Eventhough I remember the entirety of the game.Now if you think you could put up with all of this, go for it.A definitative slice of gaming history.Recommended Yes!Do I actually like it now. NO."
76561198116709247,Recommended,257350,9184521,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,yjzep,"turn the framerate up to 40 or 45 to increase walking speed, google how to set up a char, AND PLAY!! The reason the first games that pulled many of us older  RPG fans from pnp to video games permanantly was final fantasy 2 and 3 was because of the story, party recruiting, and how each party member got legit, emotional back/side stories.  No video game RPG lived up to FF3 (or 6 if your young ) or chrono trigger for me until I played BG 2.  I never played BG1 back in the 90s because I was in college and didn't have my own PC.  By the time I got one in winter 2000, This was out.  Sadly enough despite how hooked i was, I was 21 and the lure of going out and socializing stopped me from ever beating this game.  I got to around chapter 4 and by the time I was ready to game again,  Morrowind was out so I never even bought TOB.   I put 20 something hours into this ee with a premade char just to reminisce.  Still fun!  No quest markers, but since the areas are limited in size and the cursor changes over clickable objects only a few times a screen, they are not needed.  Read the journal, go to the area, click stuff till you find.  we didn't have game wikis if we got stuck back then!  Shoot, I had dialup until 2002!  If you like apgs, crpgs, or played da-o and liked pause and play, try this!  Its like party based diablo with way less loot and way more story!!  I plan on playing thru bg 1, 2 and then tob all at once.  I have some time coming up now that I decided I will NOT be buying Elder Scrolls Online!  MMORPGS are designed to keep you subscribed, not to throw game content at you!  Time Sink with little reward!  I'd rather experience limited static content across multiple games then raid the same dungeons over and over with people I barely like!"
76561197972705972,Not Recommended,257350,17104706,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Matt,"Amazing original game but flawed update. While playiny it suddenly failed to recognise all my save games, an issue I've failed to fix after extensive forum searching. As such that's 20+ hours of progress down the drain and I wont be starting a new game for fear it will happen again, making for one defunct purchase. Go get the original, the Enhanced Edition adds nothing substantial other than bugs!"
76561198215461792,Recommended,257350,19666173,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,rubyismycat,this is worth playing if your young remember this game is ancient but it has soul class and style some things suck in the game others are inspired
76561198006609615,Recommended,257350,19663452,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Porkchop Sandwhiches,The Best Ever Made.
76561198046237858,Recommended,257350,32476134,Posted: 16 June,all,Varegi,"All the old bugs and more part 2, gg."
76561198023270299,Recommended,257350,31962169,Posted: 25 May,all,RussellRunes,Been playing this game since it came out in the 90sGameplay wise still holds up today id hate to seeHow many hours I've racked up on this game10/10 would play again for 100th time
76561198132811990,Recommended,257350,31933182,Posted: 24 May,all,Voltan,"I finish this Game 6 timesAnd ill say-this a good GameAnd in Enhanced Edition this game become betterMore munch and roleplay for BG players!(I think Beamdog good in enhancing,but not in creating new games)P.S Wild mages rules All"
76561198028770690,Recommended,257350,29524590,Posted: 27 January,all,DORULUKE,Great Clasic RPG game. Fans know what i'm talking about!
,Recommended,257350,28891226,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,finnegans wake,"Highly frustrating at times - the game could benefit from an overhauled interface. However, the mechanics are remarkably solid and the story is enthralling."
76561198074114204,Recommended,257350,30042631,Posted: 19 February,all,-Tatico-,It's very hard to learn how to play the game correctly for those who never had any contact with it. But it's a great game for anyone who likes old school games like me.
,Recommended,257350,30446403,Posted: 11 March,all,Fennicus,"One of the best games I've played. Only minus is a little bit buggy quicksave.If you don't buy this game, boo will come and bite you!"
,Recommended,257350,27636658,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CCODEZ,"You could argue the original game set the standard for CRPGs back when pen & paper was the norm and most RPGs were text, static image based or just looking like Lego on a screen. Then sequal came and did what the first did, but so much bigger and so much better, over 5 glorious CD's of awesomeness.The story continues where the first left off (mostly) and after a brief stint in jail, had you delving deeper into your heritage, catapulting your charater into the ""uncertain"" future with an epic climax to rival most games today. Then when you thought it all was over... the expansion came and just added more epic to a final conclusion.This Remastered edition leaves much of the original features with 2 new ""questlines"" to explore, all with some much needed engine and UI updates (with some not so much needed overly highlighted avatars) and well worth the cash to play the pretty vast original story game (if you want to do *everything*, expect a good few weeks of play). BUT if you do find a cheap 2nd hand copy of this game with it's expansion, or even the 4 disc of both 1 and 2 and thier expansions (which would probably play much better on the current crop of OS's), you'd be a fool to pass them up.In my not so unbiased opinion..."
,Recommended,257350,27725782,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cash-_-,One of those few classics that I can go back to and still get lost in.
76561198203046625,Recommended,257350,27779935,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Isendel11,"The game we grew up with, only enhanced with new characters, new quests and an improved infinity engine. No words are good enough to review one of the games that defined the RPG genere as we know it today. Definitely a must have for any RPG fan."
76561198060359473,Recommended,257350,28569766,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Holyavenger,"This is the greatest RPG in existance.  The greatest videogame of all time, and I've played a lot.  If you're thinking about getting this game - get it.  If you're thinking about not getting this game... get it."
,Recommended,257350,21899312,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,maugister,"Baldur's Gate series brought the computer fantasy RPG genre back to life after the golden era of C64 and Amiga games. The second part of the series was in many ways the paramount game that every other computer RPG was compared to and rare were the ones that managed to nail it as well as this.It is epic, massive, interesting, it has well written NPC characters, romance options and battles. It manages to find good balance between story and battles. Time has taken it's toll on the mechanics a bit, but not too much. It is still very enjoyable game to play although a bit clunky at times. In my opinion the battle mechanics and stats are more enjoyable than in the modern Pillars of Eternity for example, which felt a bit too ""fuzzy"" for me. Here +1 is +1, period :)But in my books, the very best computer RPG of all times is still the masterpiece Planescape: Torment. BG2 is close second."
76561198052375823,Recommended,257350,21851535,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,bhstevo,"Much more content and better quest line stories than BG1 EE. You will again need to figure out what characters work best for you. But hey, that's part of the charm of the series."
76561198022259808,Recommended,257350,21816388,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Reidiculas,"This is my all time favorite game. I will likely auto buy anything made related to Baldur's Gate 2 SOA. The EE edition was worth it to me, I would have liked more items and quests added so I really hope you guys keep adding stuff moving forward."
76561198074783974,Recommended,257350,35000069,Posted: 16 September,all,Freezie,My favourite RPG!
,Recommended,257350,18382566,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Istanbul (not constantinople),du kan ha ett svärd i spelet.
,Recommended,257350,18880229,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Young Meowth,Even more fun than Gauntlet!
,Recommended,257350,21273505,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Reap,"My favourite game of all time.So good, i made a review of it... Not specifically the enhanced version but still,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyL8vbUaxnM"
,Recommended,257350,28722424,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,cain,Great game
76561198008417999,Recommended,257350,24100611,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Crimson,"Still trying to figure out why everyone is trolling on this enhanced edition. I've owned this game for at least 10 years and the update has made it the best its ever been. If you dont like the things they've changed, most of them can be undone in the options. Beamdog should be praised for they're work on a game this old."
76561198094696143,Recommended,257350,25848127,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,cowboi beeboop,"this game along with the first has enough story, characters, and length to be adapted into the greatest long running anime series of all time. the main characters inner half evil god powers could easily be viewed similar to ichigos inner hollow or narutos fox demon. 10/10 would post shonen anime review again."
76561198102805525,Not Recommended,257350,9752351,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Bdog737,"This is one of my favorite games of all time.  I own a copy of this game.  I bought a copy of it at full price, thinking the steam version would be better and safer than my old scratched up CD's.  I was wrong.  Beamdog has messed up this great original game by enhancing it.  It is so filled with bugs now, something the orginal does not have, that it is almost unplayable. Don't buy this game from Beamdog.  Buy it from Amazon instead."
,Not Recommended,257350,10958142,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Raven,"I definatly enjoyed these games a long time ago and when I read ""Enhanced"" I figured someone had brought the graphic detail  up to something somewhat modern.  Wrong.  I can hardly see the characters on my screen.  Hopefully the gameplay makes me forget the 1980's graphics.  Going with not recomended for the price they are charging."
,Recommended,257350,28463830,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,MasterQueeferino,Still the greatest RPG of all time.
76561198098438990,Recommended,257350,24021958,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tallis,This game has been great. first of all Id like to note I only play this game with my friends and we have the original Copy of this and playing Multiplayer is so hard to do either using hamachi or LAN constant crashes and bugs.Alot of people are complaining about this game saying its not that great but its been amazing so far me and my friends have been having a great laugh
76561198065288454,Recommended,257350,23897760,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Peg Man,"If you like old school RPG games with a strong storyline and traditional dungeon and dragons mechanics then this is the game for you,"
,Recommended,257350,22448457,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Ímþ®óvîšâ†ó®,"Please read my review on Baldur's Gate I: Enhanced Edition first as that details the general stuff about the Baldur's Gate series. This review features two specific parts: Shadows of Amn and the expansion, Throne of Bhaal. Additionally I'll give my overall experience having played both of these.Shadows of AmnYou start off captured as a prisoner* in a dungeon underground by an unknown individual whom you have never seen before and he is basically torturing you in your cell for some unknown reason which will ultimately become apparent as you progress through this game. Only thing that will be apparent at the start is that he seems to be trying to bring out some unknown power you have. All of a sudden the dungeon itself is attacked by an unknown group, forcing your capturer/the torturer to teleport out of the dungeon allowing another prisoner who somehow escaped from her cell (gee I wonder how she did that?) and she reveals to you her name: Imoen. After a discussion about what the torturer did to you and her, she springs you free from your cell, and from there, your immediate objective at that point, is to not only escape the dungeon, but to find anyone that is currently in the dungeon to join your party to make the escape a little easier, but you can attempt to escape on your own if you wish, having others with you just makes it easier. Once you finally escaped from the dungeon (you'll end up in Waukeens Promenade which is essentially a place within the City of Amn or rather ""Athkatla""), your torturer, sounding particularly happy (and evil) commends you for escaping the dungeon, the exit of which collapses behind you after escaping. Imoen who had also been tortured by that guy demands to be released and launches a magic attack against him, he retaliates with a magic attack of his own, causing half-a-dozen hooded figures to teleport in to stop it and attempt to arrest him, and after the torturer resists both the hooded figure attacks and Imoen's own attacks, they ultimately arrest both the torturer and Imoen on grounds of using magic in a place (which is later revealed to be Amn) which is prohibited. From that point you'll have two primary objectives, find and rescue Imoen who was captured and settle the score with that torturer.Additionally in this game, among the outstanding number of quests you can undertake, you'll have class-specific quests to take on too, so for example, if your protagonist is primarily a fighter, you'll be tasked by a kind-hearted noble, with clearing monsters infesting a huge Keep and killing their leader and if you succeed you'll get a chance to become head of the Keep which you can use as your own home to manage as you see fit.Also for example, if your protagonist is primarily a Mage, you'll be tasked by a ranger to help him defeat his ancestor Lavok in what is known as a ""Planar Sphere"" located in Amn. That sphere will be yours if you defeat Lavok inside of it.Those types of quests depend upon what your protagonist's class is. Something worth keeping in mind.Throne of BhaalAfter you have successfully completed your final objective in Shadows of Amn, it is revealed that a certain prophecy describes children (including yourself by the way) of a tainted godly blood, that will cause a wave of massive destruction destroying all in existance including each other. in order to fulfil a certain purpose. You are urged by an Elven Queen to visit a sacred grove to discover some answers as to why this prophecy is even relevant to you and what part you will likely play in it. After you have visited the grove and listened to the prophecy spoken (which also states that there is a person you may encounter at some point on your journey, who has ""the face of an ally"", but has ""the mask of a foe""), you are ambushed by what is revealed to be a ""Bhaalspawn"" (that's right a Child of the dead God of Murder, Bhaal) and her troupe, whose main objective is to kill you as a Bhaalspawn yourself. Once you have disposed of her and her troupe you get teleported into what is called a ""Pocket Plane"" which is essentially your sanctuary for you to rest and take up challenges and even upgrade certain weapons you have into powerful items via the imp Cespanar. At that point, you are visited by a familiar individual whom you had killed in the past, after vowing to never betray you if you let him join you, he gives you intel about the Pocket Plane you are in and states that it doesn't take you to where you want to go, it takes you to where you need to be: Saradush. Once you teleport to Saradush, which is under heavy enemy attack from outside its walls you meet up with a nice woman who is trying to save the people of Saradush, which ultimately becomes your objective as well, however it doesn't just end there as there are many quests to undertake after that, which may involve you ultimately battling other Bhaalspawn that will also seek your death among others etc.My personal experiences in playing both Shadows of Amn and Throne of BhaalBoth of these games provide a super thrilling challenge the likes of which no other rpg strategy game is likely to provide, because among other familiar enemies, you'll even encounter monsters/creatures you have never fought before. In my particular case, I always enjoy the thrill of battle, so doesn't matter how hard an enemy may be, I'll always rise up to the challenge. Some will be easy, others will be hard to kill depending on how you have built your protagonist, let alone your own party members.Nothing as yet, about either of these games has frustrated me personally, but that isn't to say these two games do not have faults of some sort. If nothing else though, I would've appreciated Beamdog implementing more fleshing out of the SoD story ending, to better transition into Shadows of Amn or even towards Throne Bhaal if it needed to be so late, namely regarding a quest of some sort about getting the ""Soultaker Dagger"" that the ""Hooded Man"" had on him and bringing it back to baldur's gate to prove the protagonist's innocence, even if it meant still being declared ""exiled"" due to being a ""spawn of bhaal"".*Please be advised, that if you have imported your character from a BG1:EE game or from having played this previously, unless you have figured out the trick to keep your items, you'll lose them all at the start, so just a heads-up about that."
76561198009889307,Not Recommended,257350,11982756,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Field Mouse,"If you loved old version, played on highest difficulty setting and relied on maximum characters control, liked conviniency of customising your action bar like setting buttons where you want them to be or liked to play in high resolutions... stick to old version.No customisation for action bar.No guard abbility available to everyone (only fighters but also Minsc etc)Only one game resolution (you can change it by editing .ini file but somehow on my PC that doesn't change a thing, not to mention gamma setting is only available in .ini file)Tooltips are chaged and tell you less now.Over all this version was victim of  mainstream trend in games - dumming everything down as much as possible.If you never played Baldur's Gate this is not good place to have first experience. Buy original version on ebay or amazon."
,Not Recommended,257350,22075860,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Efminus,"What? How much for a 15 year old game? I would understand if some one took a few minutes to upgrade the graphics, but dont BS us and tell us that porting somthing from windows 98 to windows 10 is considered hard... Good story, but im not recomending it until  some one puts some effort into this primium priced game."
76561198011333889,Recommended,257350,23545852,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Kahldris,"Soooooooo I have not played my favorite game of all time in  a while. Tonight I thought it could be fun to mess around with it and saw alot of negative reviews for the new patch. They have made some changes, some of them are good. I went a specialist mage (something I don't usually do) and thought the changes there were good, bonuses for casting spells from your school and so forth. I thought that was pretty cool.However when your chooosing things what is up with the red bar.... the original interface was very good why change it? And then in game there is this black outline around the characters now....uuuuh wth?I still recommend the game becausse well its baldurs gate but they need to not change what is already good. A few tweaks (such as they aforementioned adding a bonus for casting a spell from your chosing school) makes sense. It adds to the game.Changing the interface whn your choosing you character does not add to the game it makes you stare at a annpying red bar. Putting a black line around the characters in game does not add to the game. It makes it difficult to keep playing.Get it? Got it? CHANGE IT PLEASE."
,Recommended,257350,29510339,Posted: 26 January,all,✪ Spartan195,Good as always
,Recommended,257350,28447741,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Dunjeon,"The Best RPG ever made.  I bought it day one back in the day, and love it even still.  I feel like this game, BGII, should act as a ""how to"" guide for devs who want to make a proper RPG."
76561198180653286,Recommended,257350,24176939,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sheldorn,Best rpg game ever!
76561198158731553,Recommended,257350,25448815,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,popsey16,Great adventure game for veteren D&D players or role playing lovers!
,Recommended,257350,11391173,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Thunder Child,Play tetris the graphics and gameplay are better.
,Recommended,257350,7776795,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,|eG| BRACE,The most Gangster game you will ever play in your life
76561198034381638,Recommended,257350,7762247,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Ktane,Go buy this classic! What are you waiting for - do it already..
76561198035011027,Recommended,257350,28477150,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,TStael,"This title is on my personal perpetual replay list : might not replay it every year, or do a full run of BG:ToSC - SoD - BG2 - TOB each time, but I know I will always return to this game.I'm still chasing down beating daddy-Draconis on ""hard""...My personal view is that BG 2 is one of the best RPGs ever published, and it got me into gaming. What a way to start...I simply love the story, gameworld and lore of BG. The characters are interestingly written, and superbly voice acted even if unfortunately before era of fully voicing all dialogue. The combat is pausable tactical party based combat, and I've yet to tire of it.If you enjoy RPGs and can handle visually a bit older games (I still rate Infinity Engine fondly, perso), I can only recmmond this wholeheartedly!"
,Recommended,257350,7839290,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,TehBastage,Buy it.  Now.  II: Shadows of Amn.
76561198055318901,Recommended,257350,7919923,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,mumblesb1,"I installed the game and worked fine, then just up and stoped.  Had to do my own resurch after trying to re-download it five times.  Never was able to get help from Steam.  Had to Download a file off of the net to get it to work.  Becareful when ordering."
76561198039220932,Recommended,257350,7945375,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Q is for Qadim,"Pretty great. Can't stand the pathfinding AI, though."
76561197996139967,Recommended,257350,20832540,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,The Mushroom King,I Love this game. This is the best game ever. Buy this game.
76561198109036484,Recommended,257350,30340076,Posted: 5 March,all,Meph,"A fine product teaching gaming lessons since a long time. Plot, gameplay and characters are just great. It take some patience, mainly because it tastes dated today, but still a masterpiece.Note: back in the days, I remember having it italian dubbed - and those translation and dubbing were masterwork too. Shame it's gone."
76561197997624402,Recommended,257350,30327301,Posted: 4 March,all,[TROLL] Bobstar,"This would have to be one of the greatest RPGs ever made. Brilliant plot, beautiful artwork and a sprawling multi plot threaded open world. I have spent a hell of a lot of hours on this game (mostly in pre steam days) and I regret nothing. If you like your old school D&D in the forgotten worlds universe this game is the real deal. Yes it's old, yes its an old isometric top down format game, but damn, it still looks pretty good. NOT a game for the short attention spanned COD loving kiddies."
,Recommended,257350,27731555,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,estebanismo,A must-play classic. Simple as that.
76561197975214048,Recommended,257350,27740423,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fisher,"Great story, great game!  Still stands the test of time as one of all time greatest rpgs!"
76561198142518966,Recommended,257350,27740635,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,petpan76,Possible best game i ever played
,Recommended,257350,27748407,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Calculon,"This is the best RPG of all time in my opinion. Definitely my nomination for the ""Test of Time"" Award. Still as fun to play now as it was when I was a kid."
,Recommended,257350,27759408,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,zetuu,One of the best all time RPGs!
,Recommended,257350,28305695,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Lolthulhu,"This game was and is one of the most important games of my life, partially because of the age I bumped into it but mostly from its strong writing and amazing storytelling. I try to push this game on friends like Mormons push Mormonism. It is the best game ever made. I don't know how many hours steam says I have on this because I bought it again through steam recently, but I've played at least 200 hours. The character development is the best. The only thing to compare to it was the recent-ish title Undertale. The game changed my goddamn life. Jaheira is a hottie and according to the books you're supposed to bone her. It's canon. Now buy this game and decide whether to stand by and let them lynch a dark elf or step in and kill some peasants in the name of chaotic good.tl;dr: Gateway drug for D&D, ultimate storytelling game, good for fans of modern-day Bethesda games"
76561198063371088,Recommended,257350,27770587,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,justsleeveit,"blah blah blah blah.... enough crapping on about this game already, everyone knows about it, i just got suckered into wanting a steam badge"
,Recommended,257350,28480182,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,J Dough,I never expected myself to enjoy such an old game as much as I have with BG 2.The game can be very challenging with deathly traps and bosses around.Pulling off a series of spells to overcome a boss is one of the most satisfying parts of the game.
76561198305886823,Recommended,257350,28439886,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,oni5an,Great Game. 10/10.
,Recommended,257350,8459757,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,SB,"sorta HD, not true HD... if you 'zoom' in you will still get massive pixelation on the maps/characters etc., tho not as bad as the original.this game is without a doupt the best RPG ever made, in all of game past/present/and probably future... there is not another game that can compare to this for pure RPG goodness, nothing.if you like having a good storyline, you like D&D, you like RPG's in general... this game is a MUST.when you buy the game you will have to deal with some issues, left over from extra coding/programming added to the game that will force you to add exceptions to the DEP (data execution prevention) stuff... havent heard of this, well neither have i till the EE versions of BG1 and 2 came out.you can thank beamdog for creating code/programing leftover garbage for the steam release (its part of their DRM, 'theft prevention'♥♥♥♥♥♥in many cases it might be better and more beneficial to you to grab the GOG versions of these games and apply the HD mods.... other than that, its worth it."
76561197998712268,Recommended,257350,30253487,Posted: 28 February,all,Acidalias,Since I probably stole this as a kid. Here is a purchase and a review.
76561198084527406,Recommended,257350,21536604,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Tanktop Millionaire,...
,Not Recommended,257350,23718623,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"The dynamic zoom and scaling UI in widescreen high resolution is great!Every other change made by the incompetent morons at BEAMDONG?  All of the brand new, game-breaking bugs introduced?  Not great at all.Play and mod the original."
,Not Recommended,257350,12217371,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Teq,"The original Baldur's Gate 2 is one of my favorite games ever, but this is a bug-ridden and violently unstable update.  Regular crashes, show stopping bugs, and ultimately an issue which caused the game to revert from chapter 6 to chapter 2!?Do not purchase this game, it is poorly supported due to the small size of the development team that is too busy with other titles to properly fix the vast number of issues with this one."
76561198042933938,Not Recommended,257350,15459425,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Futurecity100,If you enjoy constant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and reloading because for some ungodly reason there are 2 mages you're up against that just one shot kill you with death then you will love this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.  As someone who got to the final boss in the dlc and cant beat it because she summons thousands upon thousands of Over powered adds and just tears you to shreads because back in 2002 they didnt know what fair meant.  Save yourself 20 bucks and go buy a less ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games.
,Recommended,257350,24681668,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ahmagaditzdanny,"This game still holds up 15 years after initial release. Timeless, a classic."
76561198001653637,Recommended,257350,25605591,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Zeridox,Black Isle FTW
76561197990418868,Not Recommended,257350,10928796,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,iPops,"If you have any intention of playing co-op, give up. The game will just randomly ctd. My friends and I couldn't even finish character creation."
76561198030882395,Not Recommended,257350,12176220,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,NoSafespot,"Waaay to many issues with game not starting and graphics not showing, Stay away"
76561198031762165,Recommended,257350,24777059,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Velocirabbit,"The granddaddy of the Classic RPG genre, and an inspiration to all other future RPGS. A culmulative masterpiece of story, adventre, action, strategy, tactics, romance, immersion, and high fantasy excellence. If you are a fan of any RPG game i strongly urge you to give this game a go! For the price you pay, the level of detail and love that has gone into creating Baldur's Gate 2 is unreal. You will be easily immersed for hundreds of hours!The enhanced eddition allows this game to be born again into the modern era of gaming, adding a much needed facelift to the graphics engine, improved multiplayer support, streamlined statistics, and some nice quality of life changes to help newcomers get over the hurdles of the 2nd edition AD&D ruleset which can be overwhelming at first. Not to mention the additions of new playable classes, new NPC compainions, whole new areas to explore, and added voice dialogues."
,Not Recommended,257350,16577384,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Apostle The Fraud,This game is beyond♥♥♥♥♥♥ but you know what's not♥♥♥♥♥♥ Brazil's cover of Wrapped Around Your Finger.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3kJuemSiZo
76561197962802888,Recommended,257350,21653287,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Pvt. Stash,"This is still considered by many gamers as one of the best RPGs of all time.  Buy it, play through it, and then tell me how amazing your Assassin's Creed:  Ultimate Reskin on Rails 2016 is..."
76561198052359477,Not Recommended,257350,19738766,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,don-nielsen2011,"I don't know what happened to this game. I played it when it first came out and didn't have any complaints. I was getting bored with skyrim and decided to try it again and it is really messed up. Now when I go to pirate isle and go through spellhold, and get the horn for SAEMON and go to meet him on the dock, he isn't there. This messes up the rest of the game. If you can't go with Saemon to the Saugin, you miss out on the silver sword,the wave blade, the cloak of reflection, and the cloak of protection +2. It's a mess. If tou are thinking of buying this, don't waste your money and if they handle the new espansion pack as badly, I don't think I'll waste my time with it either."
76561198052275086,Recommended,257350,21924827,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,colinatomlinson86,This is probably my favorite game of all time. Opened a whole world to me.
,Recommended,257350,21968308,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Xanth752,One of the best RPG's of all time!
76561197996310015,Recommended,257350,25068962,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Radu1337,"Baldur's Gate 2 received a good update compared to the original game. It's not such a big update compared to a modded version of the game, but that's the point, it stays true to the original and only improves on where the game lost strength in time. There is new content, there is interface scaling, there is native widescreen support and there is support (the game receives updates).Although I have not experimented heavily with mods I think this version (the enhanced edition) is better than what you get if you mod the classic game. Cloud saves are also a big advantage. The game runs fine, the zoom function is good, the new rendering abilities of the engine are nice (compared to the old version) and loadings are instantaneous (if you played the original you remember the long lasting circular loading screen, it's completely gone).I don't know why this game received so much hate, the original Baldur's Gate 2 is the best western RPG ever made, and this update makes it a viable choice in 2016, especially if you never played it before. The learning curve is steep and you'd have to either read the manual, or watch tutorials on youtube, but once you do that, the gameplay is as good as any game today."
76561198033439125,Recommended,257350,25515883,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,xTeet,the rpg i enjoy the most
,Recommended,257350,25219144,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Capybard,"Better than the original Baldur's Gate in every way, which is saying something because the first game is a masterpiece. Baldur's Gate II is the best game set in Faerûn, and if you ever cared about D&D or RPGs in general you really owe it to yourself to play it."
76561198081041029,Recommended,257350,25046211,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Goob,Amazing game and even better with all three.  This will always be an amazing classic and hold that special place in my heart.
,Recommended,257350,25236898,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,zeeb,"Man, Baldur's Gate is hard."
76561198055407899,Not Recommended,257350,35210947,Posted: 25 September,all,The Hag,Good game - issue won't allow me or others to playDEVS don't care - just send me an article that is very confusing and has only a 1 in 7 succession rateDON'T BUY until they fix this! It's been 3 months!!
76561198061393178,Not Recommended,257350,10957499,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Owitz,"FREAKING TERRIBLE! the game crashes only moments into use! two friends and i were trying to get a campaign together and... POOF nothing! going to attempt to get the $6 refunded. horrible waste of time, unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,257350,10953192,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Noirling,"My mouse doesn't work. The game loads to main menu, then nothing. I can't click anything, so I can't continue..."
76561198076743854,Recommended,257350,24351978,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Nokirin,"What i see here is Complete BS, all this tryhard fans whinning about UI Changes and that they hold your hand , WELL NO♥♥♥♥♥♥ you see day by day how stupid and ignorant ppl are EVEN NOW (ALL THE TRYHARD FANS).OFC they change the UI and stuff so more ppl (not rly intelligent ones) buy it and recommend it to their friends (that most likely arent much more intelligent aswell)  Because not every human being is on  the same intellectual level and thus the Ui changes so the player had a hand to garb on.AND SRSLY?? i dont see any Gameplay changes so far , and the Map zoom out is for me a cool adition and makes the game more fitting and attractive for younger generations that are looking more on graphic then on gameplay (like buying a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and just stare at her)THis game is still as beatiful as it is and i still love the living ♥♥♥♥ out of this game.And just because Beamdog Trys to get more attention on their game for the profit , WELL WHY ELSE WOULD THEY BUY A OLD GAME????I see alot of ppl who say they do not respect what Bladurs Gate is and the Devs. of it.Aha and why??? because they made some changes on the ui and stuff so ppl dont play 1 hour and throw it away?The game is still hard , the story is the same and the Atmosphere might kinda Changed , but hey guys, pssssh, go under settings , and then nder beta options , and then u find the EARLIER PATCHES!And tbh i can take no one of this diehard fans srsly.Hell im one of the new Generation , maybe not that new cuz i remember my Nitendo64 as my first console , but STILL pretty young. and for my persepctive this game is a rare gem of the Past , buried out , and polished so the new world that missed the game can yet again see its glory. its one of the best games i have ever played even if its old , its all so well thought.ANd i played this game before Beamdog got it (thanks to my uncle) and thats why im sure of , that there no gameplay changes (maybe i was to young at that point and time to fully understand the mechanics an such) besides the UIBUT QUESS WHAT , I DONT WANT TO STAND STILL AND SWING MY CURSOUR AROUND EVERY ROOM FOR 2 MINUTESJUST SO IM SURE OFF I OPEND EVERY CHEST AND DIDNT MISS ANY.this♥♥♥♥♥♥pissed me off when i played the original and im glad they changed it.And at all thats my opinion about the reviews and the game itself , wrriten in bad engrisch (hue) and Awfull to non exsistent grammar."
76561198115693478,Not Recommended,257350,19642289,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Captain Murica,"I bought this game and after 2 hours i went off, a while passed and now it woun't load, I try to start it up but nothing happens. And Valve's refund system woun't let me get my money back."
76561198057441135,Recommended,257350,21913460,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,OrinO551,"Probably my favorate game when I was younger, and it still holds up!"
,Not Recommended,257350,18895956,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Pulse,Terrible
,Recommended,257350,23468348,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Krazy4Life19,The people writing the bad reviews are a bunch of over exaggerating idiots. This game is outstanding and runs fine and I just started my campaign today. I am an old school player and it is fine. I almost let all these idiots in the review section convince me not to buy it. I recommend this game to anyone if you are an old school Baldur's Gate player like myself.
,Recommended,257350,23801095,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LeberMac,"The continuation of the series of the Baldurs' Gate franchise. In my opinion this ""second part"" of the game loses its way a little, the world gets bigger, the storyline gets a little wonky and the plot becomes a LOT more linear - especially with the Throne of Bhaal part. The Enhanced Edition is a gigantic improvement over the original with a lot of new features, characters, and plotlines. It's fun and a great ending to the Baldurs Gate series, which is considered by many to be ""THE"" definitive computer isometric RPG. 8/10 - recommended, bonus points for nostalgia of the original , which came out in 2001."
,Recommended,257350,23047101,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,faemir,"Despite going through some growing pains, the new version is overwhelmingly an improvement over the original.The visual changes that people are complaining about are all completely optional, so fans can pick and choose them as they want, which is nice.The interface isn't quite there yet, but the original was beyond awkward and clunky - there are better ways to display all of that second edition info! It's obvious that people hold classics from the past close to their heart but clunky UI design just doesn't hold up today, and it's possible to do better. People don't like change, and it's ridiculous to hold up the old design as something of a good implementation.The actual core game is obviously still super amazing."
,Recommended,257350,22891608,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,[V-M]Ranulf Wulfric,"Great game, I have been playing this game on and off for 12 years.I feel this is the best D&D game to date, thanks you the graphic and program changes this month."
76561198030695036,Recommended,257350,23054294,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,stormtrooper64,"Speeking as someone who has put over 100 hours into this game, playing both before and after the recent patch, I can say that I don't get the hate for the patched version. People complain about the UI, but the old was clunky and hard to navigate as well, and you had to constantly go to the journal and then back to the map, journal to map, journal to map, while now, while you need to scroll a lot, at least you can control yor party while knowing what the @@@k you're doing. And the graphics update is completely optional, you can change them in settings, for example. All the haters just want to dump on something and this is a target because of a recent OPTIONAL expansion, which shoehorned in SJW crap. So the changes in patch 2.00 don't impact the game in a negative way in my personal opnion."
76561198006463858,Not Recommended,257350,10916031,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sepratard,"Lacks many of the bg: EE portraits, meaning that if you import you will get a nice ? instead of a character portrait -_-"
,Not Recommended,257350,10925579,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,my name is a killing word,"hundreds if not thousands of game breaking/balance/skill/etc bugs, no patches in almost a year now, #garbage"
,Not Recommended,257350,10390307,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Bulbasaur,"This game seems like it could be super fun, but the multiplayer is nearly unplayable. With multiple people in it, loading into new  zones always crashes at least one person, causing you to have to reload and do some funny auto-save and exit business."
76561197984483466,Recommended,257350,23329935,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,thirtyx,"Great classic game, if you enjoy this type of gameplay this is the best RPG ever made."
,Not Recommended,257350,10959537,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Aussie,"graphics glitches and slow/choppy video quality, can't get it working."
,Recommended,257350,22106074,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Cerulean,"Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition is a visually rather simplistic, relatively old RPG.Now why should it be critically acclaimed as one of the best RPGs of all time, and already is?--It gives flexibility. You don't have to grind the main plot right away, there are sidequests, especially in SoA.--Character development. During my run, I felt a strong connection to all the characters, especially your romance options.--New characters. They may not exactly fit (per se) in the plot development, they add a bit of a flare to the story.--Amazing music. Yeah, this isn't a ""Great Soundtrack"" game. I know. However, the soundtracks to this game is SO DARN AMAZING! My favorite music (personally) is the music that comes up when you fight Irenicus.In conclusion, Baldur's Gate II is an amazing game, filling the requirements of what all RPGs should and goes beyond."
,Recommended,257350,12815267,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,m0s,Best RPG ever. Period.
76561198077867428,Recommended,257350,24287012,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Deyeski,"The game is one of the originals, at its best. One of the Godfathers of RPGs. It is not a game you can just jump right in and play. It may seem too much for newcomers, but if you stick with it, you will be rewarded with one of the best games ever created (gameplay & storyline).I've ignored all of the new comments about a new UI. The changes are so minimal it is petty to even complain. Some good changes, some bad."
76561198141510807,Recommended,257350,22354335,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Mintberry crunch,"If you played baulders gate when u were a kid and thought this is so hard but still enjoyed it... well your right its really hard and fun, i've restarted 3 times screwing up my class first time about 5 hours in 2nd time about 20 hours in and now 3rd time around i have made the most badass char with the best gear and figured out how to play this game and am now face rolling mobs. This game has alot of depth chances are you will restart the game more then once to make a character you like, the weapons are limited (in the sense that proficency dictates what weapon which character can use) so a bit of planning is required as to what you want to use and which characters can use what. It is easily one of the funniest games i've played legit hit 60 hours in like 5 days and normaly im a pretty casual gamer this game has me hooked can't believe it was made in the 2000s one of the most legit rpgs defs worth $20, easily 100+ hours of good gameplay, if things get difficult feel free to whip out a guide as what to do next sometimes you'll realise there is some awesome gear your missing out on that you could easily get to make a op char :) heaps of fun 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,257350,14042750,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Furgleburgle,"There were so many flaws with this game back when it first came out, all of which I was hoping would have been handled in this Enhanced Edition. I have an improvement:MAKE TOOLTIPS FOR YOUR BUTTONS!The end,Otherwise, it is very faithful to D&D.4/10 wouldnt tooltip again."
76561197962657126,Not Recommended,257350,12425147,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Dota -ap no ru,"Buy the original. Half the price, half the bugs."
76561198060876173,Recommended,257350,22161950,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Hand of Sheog,"When I played this game as a kid, I was awful at it. I learned how to cheat, but even that could hardly cover just how little I understood how the game functions. I'm in college now, and I still think about those first times I played Baldur's Gate 2: Shadows of Amn. Instead of focusing on the story, which I liked, or the awesome stuff I would find, or cheat for, I thought I should focus on what made me play the game again and again:Minsc.My introduction to Minsc was in Irenicus' dungeon. As we explored said dungeon, I enjoyed his quirky, funny style of thought and speech. Throughout the game, I grew to love his style. I absolutely enjoyed having him in my party, because he was quite a character. I reached the end of Shadows of Amn, eventually. Since Throne of Baal was not even a thing at that point, I started a new game. This time, I wanted to play as  an evil character. My intention was to horde and dish out vengence on whoever I jolly well pleased to. What I failed to realize at the start was that that would involve losing Minsc.Instead of getting to listen to his hilarious speaches about goodness, buttkicking, and hamsters, I was instead subjected to stern, angry lectures about my actions. Eventually, Minsc left my party. I found others who could fill the role of meat shield, but no one could fill the role of ""Minsc."" No one had the same level of energy and enthusiasm for ANYTHING. A couple of the evil choices I would have to make as an evil character  also rubbed me wrong. Remember, I was a child at the time. So I abandoned that character.I played as a good character mostly so I could keep Minsc. Having been the subject of his scorn, I started to seek his praise. I played as different classes again and again, and I continued to zealously court Minsc's favor. Looking back, I can see how much of an impact Minsc had on my development, and how I treat morality in video games. At some point, I internalized a number of Minsc's battlecries and sayings, and started playing as the good guy no matter the game. I played as the good guy because in the back of my mind was ""this will allow me to keep Minsc.""I've since developed other reasons for nearly always doing good, but Minsc is still there, somewhere, in the back of my mind. The sting of his disapproval, and the happiness at seeing this strong character devote himself to goodness and justice. Did I idolize that about him? Absolutely. Do I still recall him fondly? Fondly enough to by a digital copy of the game so I can be with my idol and mentor again.Baldur's Gate 2 didn't have much of an impact on me as an impressionable child. Minsc did.Game contains Minsc. (11/10)"
,Not Recommended,257350,25567377,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Olaf the Merchant,"Despite working with great material, Beamdog manages to fall miles away from the mark of producing a stellar remake of Baldur's Gate 2.The sheer amount of gamebreaking bugs alongside with the low quality of 'additional new content' just don't make it worthwhile to buy this game. Instead of watching this performance by Beamdog the Understudy, it's just as well to buy the original on Steam or GOG and giving that a go- you'll spare yourself from a lot of grief, exceptionally bad voice acting and a myriad of bugs to choke an Otyugh."
76561197963791079,Recommended,257350,24645755,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Jah,"Great game, a lot of replay value."
76561197977211401,Recommended,257350,24569258,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,HerderButterFesterStranger,"Really great game, nice 2nd Ed D&D rpg (kind of).  Something satisfying about spraying glue all over the floor, rooting people in place, then filling thier room with poisoned gas while sending in a magically animated sword to stab them to death as they suffocate.The VO work is also quite good, particularily the antagonist."
,Recommended,257350,24270585,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,sharppi,"5/5, still as good as ever. The plots and sidequests are great."
76561198006907574,Recommended,257350,22066658,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,mctoffeeman,Played the original back in the 1990's. I had the huge collectors edition with t-shirt and everything. Completed the original countless times.Got it on Steam. Just need to find the hours to play it!Got to finish the first one to get on to this one.Beautiful game. From when PC game developers actually spent a lot of time QAing games prior to release.None of this early access / beta release nonsense!BG: II from the era of extraordinary PC games.
76561198008161967,Not Recommended,257350,21612571,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,trm90,"Too old to be considered anything positive....might have been good for its time but it is FAR past that point. For the  little time I put into this game, there was not much to cling onto right away.  Very clunky feeling as well as extremly slow paced with very boring fighting tactics and a combat system that is way out of date. Aside from that, the game crashed 5-7 times during the 1.5 hr of play-time my friends and I had, therefore, its not good for multiplayer.  I would suggest Pillars of Eternity due to it being more of an updated game in a similar genre even though it is only a single player game."
,Recommended,257350,28014917,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,cpitty,utter garbage
76561198065699695,Recommended,257350,22718110,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Maximilian,The best RPG of all time.
76561198162459078,Not Recommended,257350,12962280,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,colinmb2006,Why did I buy this game? 30 dollars for a game that is poop in comparison too the original. The original... which had working multiplayer... 15 years ago. Are you kidding me? Your game crashes on people and you won't refund anyone? Nor compensate for realeasing a broken game to be played? Like I stated... why did I get this?? If you have hopes of enjoying this classic with some friends take heed. Every cutscene will crash your party out. Dreams included. Unreal.
76561197992381420,Recommended,257350,22901877,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Amornus,"This game is great. Don't listen to the haters! I know my hours don't reflect it on this account ... but I really enjoy all the enhancements. :) The team has done a great job at cleaning up bugs, enchaning the UI and the new graphics for the characters are fluid enough. Definitely give this game a shot, the game does have some minor changes to the story but nothing that will ruin or detract from the original. If you really are concerned with the new additions, head on over to GOG to get the original. All in all, a really fun game regardless of which version you choose."
,Not Recommended,257350,11060255,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Now With Lime,Game description says easy multiplayer. Complete and utter lie. Trying to play multiplayer at all is met with crashes and game freezing every time you try to do anything. From changing zones to talking to npc and completing chapters. If you are wanting to play multiplayer look for something else.
,Recommended,257350,24049137,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,JungleJoose,An excellent time that brings back the memories of AD&D around the table
76561198129227544,Recommended,257350,24324347,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,amelia,"bg 2 was my first rpg back in 2006, so i know about this game LIKE A LOT and i couldn't miss enhanced edition.well, for me bg ee 2 has some flaws (mostly because it's new weird tab-oriented engine had some conflicts with my old laptop) but in general i actually liked it.all new characters are nice and mostly usefull. finally we have a true thief, not dual class, not multiclass, not protagonist and not betrayer. neera and dorn are pretty cool too. rasaad... well, having a monk in your party is sort of a challenge! :Dand all the new characters have long and interesting personal quests, so that is great addition to the well-known plot.the second part is so much better than bg ee 1 (especially bg ee 1's russian version, that one was a NIGHTMARE FULL OF CRASHES, LACK OF LOCALISATION AND HATRED). so if you doubt about trying that game — don't be. ( if you are from russia maybe you should hurry up while russian localisation didn't came and destroyed everything). oh and another important moment for russians: YOU CAN HAVE A BEAR IN YOUR PARTY IN THIS GAME.and if you're lucky and have less old pc than mine you probably will enjoy the game without any lags at all! or not."
76561197987358586,Recommended,257350,22376768,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,jamesleafe,"Nostalgia made me return to The Forgotten Realms, and I am glad I did.I am going to review in 2 parts, firstly up until the v2 update and then a small part dealing with that update.Firstly the pre v2 Enhanced Edition was all that I remembered and more from completing the original game several times when it was first released. The new graphics etc refreshing the original really well. If you haven't played the originals, this (and BG 1 EE) is the place to start, if you did and just want to revisit without having to add several mods to make the originals playable again I would recommend to buy these Enhanced Editions. You can generally pick them up in sales for between £4 and £6 making them not too expensive either.The story is, as it always was very strong, but most of all it is the companions who travel with you who steal the show. Get the right combination of characters who bounce off/argue with each other adds a real depth only really found in Dragon Age, and maybe Mass Effect."
76561198131194116,Recommended,257350,24859466,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Gloomreach Estates,"Rating: 9/10IF YOU BUY THIS GAME DO NOT KEEP YOSHIMO(it's a spoiler if I tell you why). Yes, he's a really awesome pure thief. Still not worth it.Overall: I really like this game. I have fond memories watching Baldur's Gate II over my dad's shoulder. So, there is some nostalgia involved for me. In short, I'm biased. Baldur's Gate II is tied to the original(as in you can import your character), which I recommend over-and-above the sequel. BGII is an old-style D&D videogame. Reading is required, and pausing the game to issue commands is a core part of combat, especially if you are fielding spellcasters of some sort. I have started the game multiple times, and recommend looking at all the classes' abilities before you exit character creation. You do have to save a lot in this game. The auto-save system isn't that good.Plot: Fairly decent. The political intruigue of Baldur's Gate I was more enganging to me. In this game you chase an egocentric, manipulative, creepy, evil wizard who made your life miserable and abused your sister to hell.Bugs: At worst, a quest may not trigger properly, and you have to load to five minutes ago. This game runs fairly smoothly, bug-wise.Difficulty: It's unforgiving at times, and you may have to load again and again or save constantly fighting a monster with an immunity to all but one of your party members' spells or a particularly difficult enemy group. The difficulty is adjustible from 'being handed to you' to 'the game mercilesslessly laughs as you are slaugthered by a +1 skeleton'(or something to that effect). I play on the 'core rules' setting, which is, more or less, 'veteran', but easier than 'hard' or 'legacy of bhaal'(insane).Graphics: The graphics are horrible. Don't buy this game if you need amazing visuals. The scenery, however, is rather pretty, especially outdoor forests and water. This is not a graphicially demanding game. You will not lag on this game unless you magic missile from every party member who you built as a mage/sorceror. There may be slight 'lag' when fighting one of the dragons. They are seperate fights, and are at the end of dungeons. I haven't had the game crash, ever.UI: It's a mini-menu popup system there are numerous menus, from 'map' to 'journal' to 'inventory'. There are others. The UI was redesigned. Fans of the old system(which I agree looked better) did not like that. I like the clean, new interface. If you want the classic interface, sorry, it was scrapped. If you don't care, then this is a non-issue.Party System: If you are playing normally and not 'hosting' an 'online' game and playing with a party you build yourself(which you can do, that's completely vaild, the interjections by BioWare NPCs serves to freshen the otherwise semi-stale dialogue), there is a single ""Playerchar"", and five extra NPCs. Banter and other random quest interjections makes the game a lot better. While it is realalistic, I don't like it that party members, even if you support them, will leave if your party reputation goes to the extremes. 1 and 0 are super-evil, 19 and 20 are super-good. Evil characters leave if you go above 18. Good characters leave if you go below 2. Neutral characters don't leave. The most interesting characters are good or evil, in my opinion. Also, certain party members, if left together for long enough, will try to kill each-other. The game does not have a modular system like mass effect, it's more of a 'team selection' mechanic. If you want to change your party, you have to re-find the character in question. Also, since this is a D&D game, levelling is important and shapes your character. Characters outside your party auto-level. The auto-levelling system in the game is insane, and makes stupid choices. It's best to find your five, and stick with them. I would recommend looking online at the party members and making it a priority to run around the world and find them as soon as possible.Note on 'romance' system. Thre three original 'romance' options for a male character will get into verbal cat-fights over him. If this annoys you, you either have to deal with it, or only have one of them in the party at a time. Also, these three are the best NPC healers in the game. If you want multiple healers, and play as a dude, do it yourself, or put up with the snit-fest. Female player characters do not have this issue. However, they're stuck with a traumatized gooody-two-shoes fighter-cleric(likable if you can get past the arrogance).Summary of my experience: (below)I created a Paladin a game ago.He's amassed 20,000 coins to bribe the theives' guild four timesHe has freed Imoen three timesHe has cleared the underdark three timesHe's failed Viconia's romance onceHe still hasn't finished the game."
76561198032349912,Not Recommended,257350,11539930,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,obhe,Bauldur's gate ii has a sound issue and cant be playedi like the bauldur's gate games
76561198039311548,Recommended,257350,22144050,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Irenicus,It is such an amazing game.
76561198016885357,Recommended,257350,10465796,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,17USMC75,"If you are attacked, your whole group will stand there doing nothing while they are killed. You can select them all and attack ONE enemy at a time, but this makes it impossible to use things like SPELLS or switch between attacks if you are facing multiple enemies, because if you select one character, the others will stop fighting and stand there doing NOTHING once the character you selected for them attack is dead."
76561198000580732,Not Recommended,257350,19447533,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Micke_1870,"If you have the feeling that Dungeons and Dragons is to Tolkien fantasy what He-Man is to Star Wars, you can buy this game to find out that yes, the reasons you never tried D&D are all valid.It's a bit like playing Dragon Age: Origins without the feeling that there will be a rewarding RPG experience after these tedious battles. And with far uglier battles. And plastic toys instead of characters.There seem to be strong empiric evidence that many hours of exposure to this game risk making you both addicted and severly delusional about it's content. I stopped playing after an hour to avoid these symptoms."
,Not Recommended,257350,20288849,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,απόβλητα 的 время,"yuck, by todays standards.  but that can be viewed as harsh due to the timeline involved and date of player entry."
,Recommended,257350,23304711,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,AdamSpeg - SPEG,i died a couple times
76561198059419228,Recommended,257350,23311041,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Deus ex Dei,"It's à truely reliabla remastering, and ... he spirit of the original game remains really untouched."
76561198099941993,Not Recommended,257350,34360954,Posted: 19 August,all,wertyu1000,"Most people will argue this game is frivolous due to the existence of mods that will provide a superior experience. They're correct. However, the best reason to find this title lacking is the lack of improvement in gameplay features that are absolutely infuriating.-The pathfinding is not better. This is because the engine Beamdog uses is nearly identical to the original one. It is not unreasonable to ask a studio developing games at new game prices to develop even a slightly improved engine.-Trap detection remains a frustrating endeavor. The detect traps button is not toggled automatically, and detection still occurs after an enormous delay. This is just not fun. Unlike many of the other annoying things in BG2, this one has no basis in tabletop gaming, as if your DM made you wait 30 seconds before you were allowed to check for traps, you'd probably smash his glasses.-Bandit encounters are awful and quickly become pointless. When you travel any substantial distance, you will probably encounter at least one group of bandits, ala BG1. Issue being, these don't scale, or at least not well. They're trivial encounters, often ending with no damage to youur party at all, and even less XP gain.-Stability is WORSE. I've experienced more crashes with BG2EE than I have in Skyrim. 'nuff said.-Quest timers. You may enjoy these, I do not. I have not spoken to anyone who does. There is no option to turn them off.-Counterintuitive quest requirements. This could be easily resolved by adding a highlight to ALL interactible objects rather than forcing the player to rub the mouse over every nook and cranny, hoping their cursor changes. There is a particular instance where you can lose a party member Permanently (to a quest timer, no less) if you do not mouse over a rather unassuming object. Would Bioware get away with this these days??Through all that, it's still an engaging game. It's a rather suboptimal use of time, though, since we now live in a video game saturated world. Do yourself a favor, scratch the CRPG itch with Pillars of Eternity instead."
,Recommended,257350,22170112,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,[VCD] Defender (no mic),"TL;DR: This is the definitive RPG, and my most favorite game. Ever. Buy it now.Story: 5/5You are the mortal progeny of Bhaal, the deceased god of Murder. I think you can assume awesomeness will follow.Characters: 5/5Memorable characters abound here. From Minsc (and Boo) the loveable fool of a Ranger desperate to do good in the world, to Viconia the damaged Drow desperately trying to survive in the overworld.CHARACTERS CAN DIE PERMANANTLY. SAVE OFTEN.Romance: 4/5If you're a playing a female, there's not much variety. That being said, male characters can romance Viconia, Jaheira, and Aerie (and.....Neera). All of the Romances have depth and feel meaningful. It isn't give a gift, get laid, romance over.Combat: 5/5Strategic use of spells, abilities, and careful planning will be your only saving grace. This is a difficult game. I suppose it's a mix of real time strategy and action rpgs.REMEMBER, THIS GAME IS F**KING HARD. DON'T B**CH ABOUT IT ON THE FORUMS!!!Gameplay: 5/5Absolutely solid. No nonsense. The EE ironed out any bugs (so far as I've encountered) with dialogue. You should'nt encounter any bugs or glitches, definatly not any game-breaking ones.Music: 5/5Perfect in every way. Works for every situation, nothing feels out of place or silly.And that opening is just sweet! BUHBUH BUNBUN BAHBAHMy most favorite game ever, now updated, and with better multiplayer.F**k yeah I bought this."
,Recommended,257350,22097420,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lewd,Baldman's gate 2 AHHHH SUGOI SUGOI
,Not Recommended,257350,19982122,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DJ Hodor,Got off a friend's recommendation but NPCs are obnoxious and perfect archetypes for their race/class and AI sucks♥♥♥♥♥(they won't even auto-attack properly and stack behind each other instead of going around).It will probably be better once I start playing with another human but controlling 4+ characters is both aggravating and impossible.
,Not Recommended,257350,21516975,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,beneuto,"I can't recommend this game except to the hardcore D&D fans who are familiar with all spells, etc.   The problem with games like this that start at higher levels is the overwhelming number of options you have.   A high degree of micromanagement is required.   I've read that the story is meant to be great but that must come later in the game because I am yet to see anything that special unlike Pillars of Eternity which grabs you from the beginning.I've tried to pick it up a couple of times but find it a bit of a chore and am just not compelled to keep playing."
76561198001136868,Not Recommended,257350,9130091,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Wilfred Brimley DIKK,"Don't be deceived by ""enhanced edition"".  This is a great game in a pathetic release.You should just give me the budget for the game next time and I'll get some modders together and do a better job, and ive never even made a videogame.What I would have done:-improve the interface, its old and confusing, make it easier to navigate and understand-fix the inventory filling up with garbage too easily, and inventory management which just slows down the fun-graphics options:  resolution, various filters like anti-aliasing, 2xsai, sharpening, bloom, hdr, etc..-i would have diverted all resources away from producing new content and devoted it to improving the original release-found the original graphics assets and convert them to higher quality versions-touch up the original graphics assets to improve their quality, at minimum improve all character sprites"
76561198088848730,Not Recommended,257350,29666630,Posted: 3 February,all,Secret,"First review i ever tried to write. I am a big fan of the original BG2 and wanted my BG2 fix so i bought BG2EE on sale.To make a long story short, this version is inferior to the original in every way.Two big things bring it down, low framerate (slow game, BG2 is not meant to be played at anything less than double speed) and no installing the old mods i love.Just bad bad bad bad bad bad bad and it took all joy i had for the game."
76561198044949256,Recommended,257350,22244001,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Old Man Thunder,"It's still good.Minsc is still Minsc and that's what really matters....The new look smooths the edges of the old timey pixilation, and it runs pretty much the same.They added a few classes (which are in no way new to the game or genre) & new dual combos etc., the quest journal is clunkier but you'll get the hang of it.Oh, easy got very easy- try a harder setting like core rules to begin with, especially if you're running with a party.I played these games when they came out (tabletop too) and the update is fine, good even. People like to flip out about stuff but no need to worry. Its just as old, slow and methodical as ever which is the part of the mellow, soothing, sentimental experience of playing elderly games. Someone likely has a heart attack everytime they see new Risk pieces too but you don't need to join them if you don't wanna. You can play a game and have fun with it - I believe in you!"
76561198032082792,Not Recommended,257350,25412888,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Toaster Maximus,Another ruined classic thanks to update and patches.
,Recommended,257350,22258831,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,BIHHI*[nyx],"Awesome great game. True classic, I recommend it to everyone looking for detailed world and immersive story. And I really liked what developers are trying to do. They still develop and update the game, making it more accessible to new audience.  Well done!"
76561198043687864,Recommended,257350,23826270,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Xaryxis,"Great game, of course it got more casual over the last updates, but it doesnt lose it's flair because of this. So, still the best RPG ever made."
,Recommended,257350,23802463,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Minitron,"Fun gameplay, awesome story and the graphics is really good for a 2D game."
76561197969903437,Recommended,257350,22161303,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Barrowstone,One of the all time classics with some nice updates.
,Not Recommended,257350,10961928,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,WhK ' Mythic,"When i bought this game i expected it to be a decent game to kill time with, to have fun with friends, mess around. I was wrong. This game does kill, but it kills me. It gave me thyroid cancer and sent a demon to posess my family and kill them all. This game it utter♥♥♥♥♥♥and makes me want to make a video called 1 man 4 jars and a Hard Drive. Which goes in first you ask? The hard drive"
76561198030460425,Not Recommended,257350,11068531,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,vmspot,Não gostei. Muito confuso. Prefiro gastar meu tempo com outras coisas.
76561198096797670,Not Recommended,257350,29422517,Posted: 22 January,all,WantedBigBoss,说好的中文呢，都快2年过去了，17年了。TROW给你们文本你们号称自己翻译，还曝光进度，最后就是直接禁了？！
,Recommended,257350,10987199,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,1stReaper,"The second story to an epic game, another must have for any gamer."
,Recommended,257350,12714892,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,ipapotihus,"If you played D&D 2e, you must play this game otherwise.... not sure you will be able to enjoy it"
76561197970512494,Recommended,257350,22997516,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,allmhuran,The best RTS of all time. Nothing else needs to be said.
76561197999424516,Recommended,257350,22185725,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Trenaway,"Played this game when orginally came out and it was great! It is great to see it again. The game play is the same, some of the screens are different, but this is an awesome game. Well worth it!"
76561198026912553,Recommended,257350,22190890,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Handsome Bob,Greatest RPG ever even with dated graphics
76561198128102816,Recommended,257350,23473765,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,rob1tek,"I found this an extremely hard game to get into. There is no tutorial and it took me hours to figure out, not how to play it, but what the whole point of it was exactly. I stuck with it and eventually I saw what all the hoopla was about. If you like turn-based role-play adventure, this game is king. But you have to adjust a setting or two to make it truly turn-based in the first place! And of course, you have to discover that on your own. Among other things..."
76561198022563328,Not Recommended,257350,23115671,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ged,Horrid
76561197997848176,Not Recommended,257350,8532751,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Milo,"The origional game was great, just not sure the new content had been play tested. Full of bugs and poorly written."
,Recommended,257350,12878485,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,grapemane,Incredible game. You should pay up to $100 for this game.
,Not Recommended,257350,11088362,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Schwinzer,"Immediately I had high hopes for a DnD style game with friends, but if you're looking to play with other people online don't bother. Aside from being unable to conntect to my friend's server for long enough to build a custom character, spawning into the game I actually lost 2/3rd's of my party to a random bug after the first sequence.I am dissapoint."
76561198115712594,Recommended,257350,22189924,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,vermei,A must have for RPG lovers :)
76561198089415800,Recommended,257350,23763911,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Gram w kapeluszu,One of best game i ever played you can spend really a lot of time trying few combination of team. +rep
76561198036516724,Not Recommended,257350,13939456,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,LeDocteur,Do not work on the minimum recommended configuration on Mac.I haveMac OS X 10.6.8Processor: Intel Core 2 DuoMemory: 4 GB RAM
,Not Recommended,257350,16820183,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,awulick,"This game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to the Dark Alliance Baulder's Gate game I assumed this was. If there was a way to get a refund, I would do it. Do not recommend, 0/10"
76561198122513980,Not Recommended,257350,9322953,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,joachim.sveinsson,"This game was frustrating beyond belief! I bought this game to play it with some friends online, but on every cutscene the game crashed and we spent more time trying to figure out how to make the multiplayer option stable than actually playing the game. My friends are higly skilled in making bugg-ridden games work in multiplayer mode, but even they had to surrender in the face of this buginfested piece of dragondroppings, i hope that someday a true updated version of this classic game is released. The fact that a game with such a dysfunctional multiplayermode is even released, is nothing short of scandalous. Stay far away from this one."
76561198027307470,Not Recommended,257350,29863511,Posted: 11 February,all,Panzershrek,It is way too easy to get stuck in game.  Very annoying to lose hourse of work or have to hack the game to move on.  I would recommend not buying this game.
,Not Recommended,257350,10932209,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Big Jamal,"Picked this up in the sale remembering baldurs gate 1 from my childhood being an amazing game, utterly dissapointed with number 2 buggy as hell and nowhere near as fun 2/10"
76561197965895079,Not Recommended,257350,10944065,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ⓗǚŋȶęℜ™,ABSOLUTE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198017654502,Recommended,257350,23810773,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Scrooge,whzat ever ppl say to the new tablet ready updates its your decision if u wanna use them or notso still one of the best RPGs out there
,Not Recommended,257350,23799338,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kairena Zydrekin,"""Personally, I have been playing Baldur's Gate II in its original format for years but could not afford to purchase the 'Throne of Bhaal' expansion set to keep the game going. When the enhanced edition came out on Steam, my excitement for the revamped version has been at an all-time high. However, I began to notice differences in the game.""When I used to have my iPad Mini 2 and using my tablet to purchase BG 1 and 2, I have been disappointed to notice that I needed to spend my real-life money to purchase the newly-added characters and additional character portraits. After selling the tablet to my Dad who in turn gave it to his grandson, I wasted a good amount of my money on the purchases.""This year, when I purchased my MacBook Pro, I noticed the enhanced editions of BG 1 and 2 can be purchased and downloaded from off the App Store. After giving those games a second chance, I thought I needed to buy all the new characters and added character portraits just like last time. While going through my newly added games, I have been amazed to see EVERYTHING new about the enhanced editions have been covered.""Looking back, I regret wasting my time on BG 1 and 2 before getting my newest laptop. Bottom line, be careful what you are purchasing."""
76561198052847964,Recommended,257350,22224053,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Malkaviano,"After many gameplays my last one was the solo mode i started on BG1 and imported on BG2.BG2 is really a great game, ToB is not on pair with the original, but it puts the challenge on AD&D with epic levels, the difficulty is very entertaining and the knowledge about the system is a must to be succesful.This game is in many ways better than BG1 and deserve its reputation, i did not tested the new patch very much i can only say it gave the player another layer of strategic and tatic view over the combat.I recommend this game to anybody that likes RPG and want to taste the true (A)D&D."
76561198003588223,Not Recommended,257350,8760110,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,ActionAngus,"Game is full of bugs, if you manage to get a multiplayer session working it crashes instantly! Avoid untuil it's patched!!"
76561198047218127,Not Recommended,257350,35037329,Posted: 17 September,all,RamboShrek,"This game is a big let down.There is glitchs that ruin the gameplay for me.Forget about playing a rogue, the pathfinding is broken.The game is easy enough to mode, so I dont need a broken inventory that♥♥♥♥♥♥me as many item I want.The original was probably great."
76561198072508931,Not Recommended,257350,23415810,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,lukeinsweden,"Hugely overrated pile of junk. Spent an hour on the character selection screen, then another couple of hours in play.Maybe the game is a grower, but I don't have the patience to get to the good part."
76561198020811922,Recommended,257350,12808501,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,nice gamer boy,i go tempel for res but 5 toempel no want reswher find res 4 fran?
76561197990406921,Not Recommended,257350,17800426,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,MMG Man,"This game is walking, more walking, and then I cant finish it becuase it is so boring!"
,Recommended,257350,23816569,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Blade,One of my favorite games ever!
76561198068841996,Not Recommended,257350,8905354,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,daedra12,"Error 51 I tryed a lot. I just feel sorry for gettin exited about the game and major fail , rage quit buying games on steam."
76561198079542866,Not Recommended,257350,17820373,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,BrownBlueEyes,"This game is rubbish. Like seriously. It's really bad. It sucks fat ones. It's not worth the 40mb. Some people have written that a 16 year old made this and use it as a positive. Whoever made it shouldn't factor into it. It's guff, 16 year old creator or not."
,Not Recommended,257350,18871666,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Erratic Focus,was bored to death. not worh the $5 i paid.
76561198060216706,Not Recommended,257350,26458163,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,theotherborges,"Notice how every review is either old fans that love it, or old fans that think the updates ruined it?If you have never played any Baldur's Gate game before, do not bother buying Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition.  It's not about the story, it's about learning curve.  There is no tutorial or instructions, and this game really needs one.  Apparently the original games did have tutorials, not the case with BG2:EE.  Perhaps if you're well versed in AD&D it will be a bit more forgiving.Also the combat system is really wonky and not very enjoyable.  It's real-time, but with the expectation that you continously pause it to issue commands to your party (there are auto-pause features)."
,Not Recommended,257350,10922537,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,lucas,"Littered with bugs, disgustingly bad controls and to top it all off you character ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. You can't kill♥♥♥♥♥♥and you have random ♥♥♥♥ing NPC's who join your party and just ♥♥♥♥ing complain the entire time. People who actually pay the full 25 dollars for this game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. This game sucks. Don't waste your time."
,Recommended,257350,22207512,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Metal Kitty,Wow - This game is extremely old and it is still being shown love by the creators of the game...Absolute classic and recently Updated. One of the best D&D games I have ever Played...
76561198118398208,Not Recommended,257350,33552186,Posted: 14 July,all,mesi,"I played this game after playing Baldur's Gate 1 which i enjoyed.In the first game, you're given a vast open world where you can go where you choose and do what you choose. There are guideposts to the main questline, but how and when you follow them is entirely up to you and your character.In this game you're railroaded so hard into a single plotline that whatever character you thought you were playing may as well not exist.This game gives you the option to load your data from a BG1 savegame, which i did. It promptly then deletes all your hard-won items. Then it tells you you did not in fact adventure with the group you thought you adventured with, but with some other people in stead. Then it tells you two of them are dead.These might be acceptable, as the story can't be written for every possible set of choices in the first game. But as soon as you exist the first dungeon, placed in the centre of a normally-functioning city with exits on all sides, you can go... exactly one place. The others are inaccessible for no apparent reason. You go to this one place and immediately are railroaded into a conversation which you can't get out of and in which no choice you make (especially ""i want nothing to do with you, go away"") has any effect on the result. You're then teleported to a place you don't want to go with the game telling you that you went there yourself of your own volition, and again no choice you make has any result. You are forced to follow this questline in exactly one way, with no other options.In the first game there's reason to progress the main questline for pretty much any character. In this game there's no reason to follow this plot with any but one of two characters: a pathetically desperate adventurer who wants to save their friend at all costs, or a foolishly ignorant sociopath who wants revenge and doesn't care about being used. Any other character will not make sense in this game."
,Not Recommended,257350,23736505,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,BAL - MNS,GG Beamdong
76561198088317696,Not Recommended,257350,10088318,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,nehunterdestien,The story seems...sort of interesting from what I watch but I haven't played it nearly enough. Way to much like the first though to make me want to get even move fair or even try. Like the last one I hate the UI. To difficult to get past.
76561198025424829,Not Recommended,257350,30843485,Posted: 30 March,all,moog,Buggy and multiplayer dosn't work
76561198012387071,Recommended,257350,24395137,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,niapet,This game is great. Ignore the recent negative reviews unless you are anti-LGBT.  There is an LGBT character in it; that's why people hate it...Some gamers are so emotionally stunted...(Over 100 hours easily in the original box edition)
76561198035741015,Not Recommended,257350,30954244,Posted: 4 April,all,THAC0,"So First off,  Yes Baldurs gate / Planescape Torment are tied for first place among my all time fav Games,  And im old enough to have played AD&D when it was just AD&D and what knock though just barley as i started playing before i even went to school due to illness.  The Fact is I Love the game still to this dateSO Why the Thumbs Down? a Few ReasonsThe Main Reason However?Baldurs Gate (The original) which can be bought onGog.comis ... Better for the most part for many reasons I'll list a few quickie reasons1) After 3+ Hours or even before that this game get Buggie Like ... Realy Buggie2) HeckGoG.ComVersion MP works better then this games MP3) This game is EZ Mode yeah the hardest differcultys Make this game hard To a point but I can playgog.complay on norm differculty still have problems Legit Challange Differculty4) Lore/Gameplay itself Immersion seems to be NOT as strong in this vs the BG origional I remeber and still run across better fights / NPCS and other things that where More immersive in the game,  Example Assassins trying to kill you / Murderers / Thugs trying to steal things like that.Considering you can get the Origional onGog.comcheap and its not nearly as buggie and what knock? I rather get that then this .... Provided i could go back in time."
76561198185418747,Recommended,257350,23808866,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,AquosBoost,"I know there's a lot of manchildren whining about how the new UI ruined Baldur's Gate.While the UI update was definitely jarring to me and I haven't played as much Baldur's Gate as I used to (usually because the in-game music always sucked imo and I liked replacing it with TSFH, but it crashes the game every time it's minimized now), the fact there's a difficulty for babies like me that suck at games of this nature is certainly welcoming.It's still Baldur's Gate, with the story I fell in love with a long time ago. I can work around the interface and learn it again.The contrast between the original story and the Beamdog additions is pretty obvious, but not on the same level as Metroid Prime or any of Hideo Kojima's writings.The fact that such a brilliant game is surrounded by such entitled little sh*ts who need everything to remain the same makes me sad to my core, honestly. While you might be better off getting the original version and modding it if you can find it, if you're new to the franchise and/or can't find it in a regular store, this probably won't be hard to get the hang of. As I said earlier, I am a baby, and I managed to relearn the interface pretty damn fast.If you like RPGs, there's still enough of the old Baldur's Gate to recommend this, at least at the moment while it's on special. I would not recommend buying it at full price, being a 20 year old PC RPG being sold at $20."
76561198052977017,Not Recommended,257350,8998924,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,michaelmac365,If the only way the design team could see to make the fights interesting was to cheat me blind on the RNG then they need to stop making games.
76561198072272583,Not Recommended,257350,16124667,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,grumpyapp,this game feels very old
,Not Recommended,257350,7963490,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,flakrat,"This game is anything but ENHANCED. Wow, it completely SUCKS on a 1080p monitor. Maybe my graphics are messed up, but it looks horrible and I'm kicking myself for wasting money on it.On my 24"" screen it looks absolutely nothing like the misleading video shown in the Steam preview. The graphics absolutely suck and Steam should be ashamed that they are misleading customers like this.I agree that 10 years ago the game was nice, but that was on a 15"" monitor. They didn't enhance it at all for the modern displays, all they did was allow it to fit on a wide screen."
76561198061216796,Not Recommended,257350,34484099,Posted: 25 August,all,TheBlackness,"This game used to kick♥♥♥♥♥ but not it won't even start.I used to be able to play this game which I paid money for, and now it won't even load.Way to♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed beamdog, the one thing worse than lag is a game that cannot be played.FIX YOUR GAME!!!!!!"
76561198067062262,Not Recommended,257350,8338804,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Elionna,Not what I was expecting. The graphics are still old school.
76561198090113864,Not Recommended,257350,16361803,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Pookers,"I never played this game before I purchased it. I had been wanting a good RPG, and I read about how great this series is. So, at 10 bucks, I figured why not give it a try. But, as with Skyrim, Divinity: Original Sin, and others, BG2's interface and mechanics completely turn me off. I don't know what I expected, but I certainly did not expect everything to be so clunky, clicky, and counter-intuitive. I played the first ten minutes and I was completely turned off by the tedious mechanics and by not knowing what is going on (and not being satisfied by the tutorial's explanation of how to do things). I am concluding that I really am a console gamer at heart, and that games like Dragon Warrior and Final Fantasy are what I really should be playing instead of these PC RPGs. Sorry, this is just too much dull work. It's too much like non-video game D&Ding, except a lot less fun and a lot more frustrating."
76561198327362012,Not Recommended,257350,26172425,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,earlmc,Won't load crash dump?  Im getting a refund♥♥♥♥♥♥off steam a person shouldn't have to be a computer programer to run a game.
76561198010023983,Not Recommended,257350,9086959,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Statistic,"ancient relic, and plays like one.."
,Not Recommended,257350,25435911,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,boat,"its got the worst combat system of any game ever made, and the writing is inexscscable. ever ny member of sataff at bioware bar perhaps the janoitor is a talenteless fat pube  puff."
76561198030845040,Not Recommended,257350,8054248,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,zozobop,too used to 3rd edition hard to switch back to 2nd
76561198032708395,Not Recommended,257350,30379474,Posted: 7 March,all,SXRON,make already russian localization!
76561198053499252,Not Recommended,257350,7874187,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,livingintheblessing,"For an enhanced bundle, it is sorely lacking.  It looks no different. I am not a profesional gamer or well versed in programing or codes, so imagine dismay when i googled to get some answers to find i needed to download bug fixes and change some script thingy.  If I sound illiterate in this area it is because I am, I see no reason why if I pay for something it should not  just simply work, period.  I just got to the second lvl in ARN 3 characters can lvl up but there are just no points to give them, Identify is memorized but still  cant identify anything.  I am tempted to delete this garbage off of my system and use the old disks from when they all came out, since I still have them"
76561197982581918,Not Recommended,257350,30498846,Posted: 13 March,all,Oztington,Cheap deaths. Hard game.
,Not Recommended,257350,33909624,Posted: 30 July,all,smsrampage,It got old really bad...
76561198010335843,Not Recommended,257350,28968250,Posted: 2 January,all,Plebleb,"Boring as living ♥♥♥♥. Play this game if you want to waste your ♥♥♥♥ing time. Alignment? THAC? This game doesn't explain any of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have to go and read a dumb ♥♥♥♥ing guide online to explain what this game doesn't. It's not like people are too stupid to understand AD&D rules, it's that they want to keep it cryptic because fat neckbeards want to think they're special for being able to subtract numbers."
76561197986103291,Not Recommended,257350,28737845,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DKraze,"------------------------------If you played this before when it was first released, you will like this.  Otherwise stay the hell away its way to old.  Play Dragon Age origins instead."
,Not Recommended,257350,33506750,Posted: 13 July,all,Zegler,No
,Not Recommended,257350,30638258,Posted: 20 March,all,purppuru,Not at all like Skyrim (a real man's rpg) 0/5
76561198275314000,Not Recommended,257350,25775300,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,The Blade Siren,If you intend to buy this game keep in mind it is setup like the original Baldurs Gate. I personally preferred the Dark Alliance version and this game is nothing like that. For a Rpg/Strategy game the game holds true but I personally don't recommend it especially if you are not into strategy type Rpgs. Best to not waste your money and keep moving on.
76561197969897750,Recommended,257350,10422036,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,The Redcoat,Absolutely love this game.
76561198010737856,Recommended,257350,10477943,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,mike_roscoe,Love it. Dice rolling for hours brings back so many fond memories. Can't wait for them to release the Icewind Dale's as an Enhanced Edition! Anyone heard of plans to do that?
76561197990705515,Recommended,257350,10181233,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,DarkDragoon,"Hour and hours of old school fun, play with in multiplayer makes the game that much harder"
76561198087001629,Recommended,257350,18899253,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Kthulu,"If you pick any fighter class: you will maul through enimies, kill wood nymphs and eat goblins. Your foes will cry out for mercy and be rewarded with death!If you pick any mage class: Vice versa."
,Recommended,257350,18902024,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Scubs,Only bustas don't play this game
,Recommended,257350,18904486,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Ghost in the Shell,"Just started playing Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition and I am already in love. Wondering why I didn't get this masterpiece sooner. I've played Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance on original XBOX back in the day, but that is a completely different game compared to this. Looking forward to buying Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition in the future as well. Highly recommended.10/10 Would go for the eyes again."
76561197960580428,Recommended,257350,17577591,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Shortfuse,"On Windows 10 you can't save. I have tried various things and can't save a game so I have to restart over and over. Pretty damn good at the starting dungon. Played BG2 back in the day when it came out, been many years. Great they did the port to get it able to play, but the inability to save is a deal breaker. Was a great game back in the day, if they fix the save issue I will retract my review.Update: Balders Gate EE is great! Brought back a lot of memories from when I played it the first time in 2002. If you are lucky enough to avoid or if you can solve the issue I had on Win 10, give it a try."
76561198046556148,Recommended,257350,18971190,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,MS-DOS,One of the favorite games
,Recommended,257350,18972027,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Justo,I want Chinese.
76561198016990253,Recommended,257350,18972095,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Neodemus,Must play classic if your looking for that oldschool feeling.
,Not Recommended,257350,21112009,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Illasera,"Right click in library->Properties->BETAS -> BGEEII_1.3Its still beamdog♥♥♥♥♥♥ still bugged, but a bit less."
,Recommended,257350,19018807,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Night King,amazing
76561198084152259,Recommended,257350,19043977,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,efgreenwood,game is hard as hell.
76561198149768001,Recommended,257350,19060041,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Bo55well,"Best of brutal RPG, Ive only ever finished it once. I find myself wantin to restart because of some simple choice, or I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the wrong character. Still can't find all of the bits to the Equalizer."
76561198069160167,Recommended,257350,19339581,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Hazmatt0666,The greatest PC RPG ever made. The shear number of ways you can play this game are mind boggling. Buy this game and allow it to consume your life!!!!
76561198062095241,Recommended,257350,19421968,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,StormChaser,Rich Story. Love the game I've played through it a couple of times now cant stop. The Mulitplayer glitches sometime but nothing you cant work around.
76561198168190015,Recommended,257350,19223044,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,branca,One of the best games I've ever played.
76561198040525460,Recommended,257350,19251903,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Siraito,What can I say about this game? only one thing: I spend all my life playing it.I love the history and the character creation feature. This game is just the best game I have played. 122 hours in Steam but a little more of 10 years in my life. So...100/10
76561197977472332,Recommended,257350,19559186,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,M E O W,I have played this game since the release (skipped the 1st game until much much later) and still occasionally replay it on iPad and PC. Superb strory and game play.
,Recommended,257350,19231883,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,xInsanityInRed,"You MUST gather your party before venturing forth. Unless your party is ♥♥♥♥, or your party is non-existant (but why would you even think of doing that?)."
76561198068898321,Recommended,257350,19343045,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,jarballo490,sequel to an amazing dnd game. fixes alot of bugs but mostly just expands the game more for high level stuff.
76561198033055429,Recommended,257350,19344346,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Krunk,"Boo says ""What?!"""
76561197975322441,Recommended,257350,19342628,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,dONUT,"A classic, BG2 is an epic story with great dialogs from ""the good old times"" when developers really put effort into making games as close to perfection on the release date and not charged you extra for DLCs or waited for Modders to fix bugs :](sorry, going into politics here).It's loads of fun for anyone*.*who likes fantasy RPGs.Buy it."
76561197994852373,Recommended,257350,9615500,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Canadian Gnome,"This is the best game I have ever played, both original and enhanced edition.  I recommend anyone who truly enjoys crpgs of this quality (few though they are of this generation of gaming) and I recommend this game also, for newbie rpg gamers.  This, and indeed, baldur's gate original game, AND, enhanced edition as well."
,Recommended,257350,9635866,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,pbetler,Classics
76561197967228796,Recommended,257350,9957076,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,c : \b1tchmaker.exe,"Classic RP, cleaned up and polished a bit. Excellent game, and pretty long."
76561197976024579,Recommended,257350,8996613,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,ciderman,Great to have this finally on here!!
76561197969225508,Recommended,257350,8998280,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Corpulent,"Fantastic game. Huge amount of content for the price. Though you can get the original for less money the updates provided with the enhanced edition give you the ability to play in wide screen, enhanced textures and all of the content and bug fixes needed to enjoy the full campaign and expansions. Highly recommended. Looking forward to going back and playing other similar RPG's like Neverwinter Nights 1,2 and the upcoming Pillars of Eternity."
,Recommended,257350,9093073,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,c2VuZCBudWRlcwo=,yes
76561198071185117,Recommended,257350,9085481,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,_Daku_,Did finish the game years ago for four times. I'm really happy to be able to play it again and enjoy co-op with friends...
,Recommended,257350,9678396,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,fading,"Really great game. Not sure if I'd recommend it unless you'd played this title previously, but as a big fan of the older version many years ago, this is giving me a lot of nostalgia, as well as the chance to enjoy some newer features too."
,Recommended,257350,9536837,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Jest,I've spent more collection hours playing Baldur's Gate 2 than probably any other single player game.  The story is fantastic.  The NPC interaction is second to none.  And the game is fun enough that I've played it from start to finish over ten times.  Anyone who has even played any pen and paper games should check this out but I think most gamers would still enjoy it.Enhanced Edition is great and adds some good stuff but you'll still want to look up game mods.  They are essential im my opinion.  A quick web query can get you in the right place on where to go and what to get.
76561198053187402,Recommended,257350,9213380,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,❤LEE©,"This is the greatest RPG I have ever had the pleasure of playing. The story and the characters a written quite nicely but the combat is funky. Even though the combat has not aged the best you can still see why this game is the 'king' of rpg's and storytelling.I cant describe how fun it was to get lost in the world of Baldur's gate (which it takes place in the 'forgotten realms' a popular dungeons and dragons setting) and how all the different race's and monsters just made you feel like you got splattered with Tolkien's love children.(RIP Bioware, you had a good run)"
76561197967559739,Recommended,257350,9048491,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,thebiocreep,"Ok, let me preface by saying Neverwinter Nights, the entire series (but NOT the mmo) are my favorite games of all time. I had never played this but I can see where ALOT of the content was rehashed for NWN.The combat does seem dated and a bit clunky, but the game is awsome so far. I am really enjoying this game, and maybe I should have played it long ago, I appreciate NWN much more because of this game. I am in Act II, but I play offline alot so I guess it doesn't update my play time.If your a fan of RPG games, you will not be dissapointed if you enjoy this for what it is, a dated masterpiece. This is a must buy for any RPG fan."
,Recommended,257350,9335162,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Cryland Jacuzzi,How do I buy the new characters? The install button is greyed out and I can't figure out how to get them.
76561198048157799,Recommended,257350,9381944,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,KeenanJS,"I HATE Dungeons & Dragons.. the table top genre of the game. Passionately. I just can't handle the role-playing aspect. Put me behind a controller and a sprite and we're cookin' with gas. BG1 and 2 were games I basically stumbled upon as a teenager and played off and on until the Advanced Editions hit stores recently. Exact same game as before, slightly updated, new questlines.. how can you go wrong? Oh right.. Steam and Beamdog multi-player isn't compatible. Be sure to converse with friends before trying to embark on a multi-playthrough or you'll be heartbroken. As I was."
76561197971261464,Recommended,257350,9341677,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,seraph144,"Excellent game with good characters and story. Any old-school D&D fan will enjoy this. The only downside is that pathfinding can sometimes be wonky in tight corridors. With all the x-pacs you get here, it's well worth the price."
,Recommended,257350,9255133,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,drjefflehew,My game says ready to play; have played it many times. Had to unload the whole thing; then reload the game; and it is still not working. All other steam games on my list are working other than Baldur's Gate II.
76561198011997481,Recommended,257350,9238515,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Goatest of All Time,"Baldur's Gate II is one of my favorite RPG's of all time, and actually one of my favorites games of all time. I sadly don't see all that many major changes from the Enhanced Edition, but that is not necessarily a bad thing. There was no need to change anything. I'm just thankful for easy compatibilty on modern systems... with the exception of certain glaring bugs, like multiplayer sessions not being able to view cutscenes without someone crashing, particularly chapter transitions.If you like top down, 3rd person tactical combat with an immense number of options and alternatives, this is the game for you. The game can be quite difficult at times, and this only serves to add to the sense of accomplishment after particularly tough battles.Just play it. This is classic RPG gameplay and storytelling at its finest."
76561197997091366,Recommended,257350,9276839,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Yusuf69,My mind is telling me no... BUT MY BODY IS TELLING ME YEA
76561197970352795,Recommended,257350,9199964,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,parrrrk,"Path finding sucks  still, UI not improved but despite all those shortcomings this is a great game. Tons of fightings, item finding, and npc dialogs. But unlike its more combat oriented cousins like Icewind Dale, all are woven into a consistent story.I wish more of this kind of games should come around."
76561198007398986,Recommended,257350,7690325,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Keulanaama,"The one and only, original, best RPG of all time!"
76561197993815302,Recommended,257350,19760254,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,dUpPe,"one of the best games in all time ... i literally have 3 original copies of this game - 1 collectors edition , 1 normal edition and this digital version ...probably the best CRPG made ever ..."
,Recommended,257350,20102045,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SKizzBeeF,"Buy it today. Do it, or butts will be liberally kicked in good measure!Starting simple:I have played too much BG2 back in the day.(I believe my final count on my save file then was 275 days and 22hrs)How I ever played so much BG2 I will never know.. but I cherished every moment in mind in heart.I spent weeks aimlessly traveling from place to place for random events. I spent maybe a month, slowly delving through all the floors in The Watchers Keep. I fought dragons and braved The Underdark. I have been both good and evil. As well this- I have received the gift I was owed by the blood in my veins.Also, Jaheira will always be my main squeeze- despite the comment of: ""You sound like you were dropped as a child. Or kicked.""Old as this game may be. As challenging as it can be. Every late night.. I can still play it today with that same interest. After all.. I memorized the damn lines and tucked them in this review.."
,Recommended,257350,20064850,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,delta_baen,"Excellent update, especially for fans of the original. There are still far too many bugs in the Black Pits section, though. My game crashes after every other combat."
76561198013092793,Recommended,257350,20067300,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kireh,This game is teh best!
,Recommended,257350,19518180,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Edomaden,"Baldur's Gate IIDeveloper: Beamdog née BiowarePublisher: Beamdog née Black Isle Studios/Interplay EntertainmentPC2000/2012I have stopped and started this game four times since its release. I have no excuse either.  This is the top echelon of isometric cRPGs. Sure, the graphics have grown outdated in the past decade, but story, gameplay, audio and controls all hold up magnificently and were even the gold standard for what could be accomplished back in 2000 for this genre.No, the reasons I have never beaten this title until now solely rest upon my shoulders.  As I age, my patience for tedium increases at the cost of perhaps my jerk reflexes. Though, I have been playing RPGs my whole life, so large blocks of endless exposition are nothing new to me.  Also, I've enjoyed DnD since the second edition, so the complex balance between gear, THAC0, magic and stats is old hat for me as well. Lastly, Forgotten Realms is my favorite fantasy world and I have all the books, most of the games, and it has inspired me to fulfill my own demiurges.So the graphics, audio, gameplay, controls, story, setting, genre, and mechanics are all decent, magnificent, precise, awesome, divine, perfect, and nostalgic....then, why have I waited fifteen years to beat this...hmm, wait...wait a second....15....1 and 5 is 6. and the game came out in 2000....6 divided by 2 is three. and 15 is divisible by five 3 times...so like the three points of an Illuminati pyramid, this obviously alludes to the coming announcement of Half-Life 3.MyGod"
,Recommended,257350,19398038,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Defiance,"Multi player does not work for me. It works fine for BG EE, And I can set up a team in BGII EE Multiplayer, but when I try to start the game it crashes. I also tried creating a BGII EE single player and moving it to the mpsave folder, but even this game will not load as a multiplayer game. I'm using a Mac with OSX Yosemite.I hope this gets fixed..."
,Recommended,257350,19642556,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Squidward-desu,"A very good game with a good story, and good gameplay."
,Recommended,257350,19582876,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,>LWS< Sillitan,Orriginal is an awesome game no question about that but what about the EE?Well truth be told all additions I'd give it 3-4/10(for kust the EE additions) the voices are bad the stories are mediocre at beat BUT if you can overlook that it iant that bad the characters bring something new classes/mechanics to the table and if they realy bother you you can just ignore everything and basicly play the vanilla game if you know who to ignore
,Recommended,257350,20043849,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,*_SkVíZa_*,"Brilliant as ever. Don't have an opinion about the enhancements, the game would be just as good were it the original.+Great storyline+Varied character progression+Beatufully rendered environments+Creative items+Battles can be fought in a variety of tactical ways-Imbalanced class system-World map not as open as BG1 (something I loved about BG1)"
76561198030372910,Recommended,257350,19832516,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,MДYHЄM,"Absolutely amazing game, and none of the hoops to get it working. Love the new stuff as well, nothing felt out of place or forced into the game."
76561197984732026,Recommended,257350,19835461,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Will,"Want to play the best RPG I've ever played?   Buy it, it's worth."
76561198151752404,Recommended,257350,19103990,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Lester Molester,"""Let's see what your guts be lookin' like."""
76561198050348955,Recommended,257350,19155098,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Roberto,Best rpg ever! a must buy.
76561197999436872,Recommended,257350,19094249,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Will,"The Baldur's Gate trilogy is truly something awesome I would recommend to everyone who enjoys RPGs.BE WARNED! This game is extremely challenging, especially for new comers. My first playthrough probably saw hundreds of deaths. If you're not a fan of dying and retrying several times on difficult fights....I wouldnt recommend it."
,Recommended,257350,19170173,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,pressST4RT,"If you love classic RPG games, you'll love the Baldur's Gate games. They're a blast to play by yourself or with friends. The learning curve is a little steep if you're not used to games like this, but once you've got everything figured out it's tons of fun."
,Recommended,257350,19207982,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,SkinofIce,I had never thought I would like click RPGs until now. This is a very well done game with an engaging story. It is a masterpiece to last throughout the ages.
76561197964697274,Recommended,257350,16672306,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,knas,"EE versions run smoothly, have a bunch of extra content, both NPCs and areas, does MP w/o hassle and has some nifty new features like the loot mechanic. Definately worthy of your money."
76561198076202438,Recommended,257350,16613140,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,jimboola,"Played this when it came out end of the 90's. Loved it!Playing it again now and it's like having a coffee with a friend you haven't seen in years.Superbly done with love & care not like many of the AAA games today.""Butt kicking for Goodness"" as Minsc says..."
,Recommended,257350,15706516,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Mr. Kizer,A few key changes and updates to make it more playable today enable you to revisit one of the greatest RPG's of all time.
76561198109895890,Recommended,257350,16198660,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,blackfyre1984,Fun new content and update of a classic RPG.
76561197961485517,Recommended,257350,11439113,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,R3dWave,One of the best Fantasy RPG I ever played!
76561198027801220,Recommended,257350,11206555,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Wrkncacntr,"pretty good, holds up decently well today!"
,Recommended,257350,11359911,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,ephemeriis,"Another faithful reproduction of a classic D&D title...BG2:EE includes both Shadows of Amn and Throne of Bhaal running on an ""improved"" version of the game engine - although, to be honest, it seems to have more bugs than I remember experiencing back in the day.It's still an engaging storyline with interesting characters in a large world...  But the biggest problem I'm having is simply dealing with how dated the gameplay mechanics are.Having to explicitly save constantly...  Navigating cumbersome character and inventory screens...  Clunky combat mechanics...  Just the basic UI is so outdated that it makes playing the game less enjoyable."
76561198133087209,Recommended,257350,11427930,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,kamineko,"i enthusiastically recommend both this game, as well as the enhanced edition of baldur's gate.  my understanding is that both products were unacceptably buggy upon release, but the current versions (july 2014) seem quite stable.  i haven't had any problems with either product, save one:  the throne of bhaal expansion keeps eating my shield of balduran!  i haven't reported it yet as beholders don't play a significant role in ToB.  *shrug*if you are expecting a major graphics overhaul, you will be disappointed.  most of the original art assets are gone (gee whiz, bioware!), so a simple HD remaster is out of the question.  you will get some new NPC's, which i personally enjoyed quite a bit.  as this is a matter of taste, your mileage may very.  for me, it was a chance to play with a party i would never have chosen for myself:  monks & wild mages?  ew.  but it's been great, and for those that are patient enough to stick with rasaad, you will find that he is insanely powerful by the time the ToB expansion begins.the interface, while seeming the same, strikes one as less clunky.  several small conveniences quickly seem impossible to live without.  & the load times.  oh. my. gawd.  honestly, if you plan to spend much time with the BG saga, you will be amazed at how quickly saves and areas load, in contrast to the original offerings.  this is something no mod can change in the original game (at least not that i've seen), and the idiot-proof install & play package will have tremendous appeal for those who lack either capability, inclination, or time to mess with modding the now-antiquated technology of the original release.having played the original vanilla releases for bg1, bg2, & ToB in the past year, i can honestly say that i'm hooked on the stability and convenience of enhanced edition.  the added characters have quests that add new areas (at a better resolution IIRC) to spice things up for veterans.  i'm not looking back.recommended for veterans & newbies alike.  100 hours (minimum) of enjoyment at $0.25 per hour?  yeah, i want to go to there."
76561198055473403,Recommended,257350,11412919,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,mikef1234,I have been playing this game since the '90s.  I loved it then and there are a few new things that make it even better now.
,Recommended,257350,11334088,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Zarathustra,"Timeless classic with an atmosphere, that a lot of modern rpg lack."
76561198052618859,Recommended,257350,10719795,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dural,"BG2 is still one of the best RPGs, I have ever enjoyed playing.  The plot is mature and contains many different kinds of elements. Between romance, rescuing civilizations, personal revenge, reconquering castles or the many social as well as physical dangers adventuring brings with it, all of them are handled very well.The AD&D rules are a bit dated and players unfamiliar with them will probably need the help of a guide, as some things other than the gameplay itself are quite hard to grasp. For example the damage reduction on certain constructs or demi liches, which make these (near) impossible to kill if the group isn't correctly outfitted. Also the fact that negative numbers are usually better is rather counterintuitive for younger players.There are also some smaller usability hardships during character creation and leveling (saving before leveling is recommended as the leveling screen can't be left to make comparisions between characters). Keeping an eye on your spells is also very important in this game as there a few spells without which the game becomes extremely hard to play. Without chaotic commands and negative energy protection the game becomes virtually impossible, so read all of the spells descriptions. Also managing arcane spellbooks is more important than it looks at the begining.Other than this, the game is pretty much perfect: Engaging, lots of fun, nice puzzles, great epic fights, loot, loot and more loot, 100h per playthrough of the main game with dozens of classes and even more party member options.So let google help you build a character. Save before leveling, so you know where to put your perks and which weapons you own. Read all the spells. ALL OF THEM. If you can't deal damage to sth., change the weapon type or try stronger magical weapons. And erase arcane spells, if you can't learn an important one or raise your int temporarily.If you do that, you will have a lot of fun with this gem of a rpg."
,Recommended,257350,11233008,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,DrowLich,A must have!
76561198033248918,Recommended,257350,11211688,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,boriswolfgang,"Still one of the absolute best RPGs ever.If you've played Dragon Age Origins, you've played the sucsessor to this game.If you play D&D/Pathfinder and do not own this... You're doing it wrong!While not required - you'll hate yourself later if you don't play the first BG before starting this one - as it is all build up to this game story-wise."
76561198013057386,Recommended,257350,11898536,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Etienne1,"the game is great if you can started, i was able to do so on the first download but can no longer start or play the game i tried evrything i found on the community blog without any succes..."
76561198054061377,Recommended,257350,11904872,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,rms827,"I finally beat BG 1 EE so I was able to import my toon and test drive this puppy.  The bigger screen is definitely nice, but I do see what some of the other reviewers mean about bugs.  Companion walking AI is even worse than the original.  At times it's like herding freaked out cats.  I have issues where my characters will try to walk right up to an opponent before casting a spell.  NOT fun with something like Fireball.  I felt like I had better control of my party in the original edition.Having all the extras thrown in is nice though.  I do have to agree with the previous reviewer who said Hexxat's voice acting was flat.  Granted until you complete that first mission for her, she's supposed to be in a trance (close as I want to get to a spoiler), but that could have been sold (acted) better.  After that point her voice acting is a bit better, but I was still bored enough with the character that she got the boot.I'd say the main reason to go with this version vs the old is convenience.  No fussing with mods, etc...  DL and it's done.  If you're good enough at installing mods manually though, you'd be just as happy with the gog version or your old CDs (still have mmine, lol)."
76561197979999862,Recommended,257350,11790883,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Mike,"Seen alot of reviews that said the 2nd  re-done Bg2 was bugged to hell. So far on Chapter 4 andd not 1 bug to been seen. actually, i saw way more apparent bugs in the re-done bg 1, such as blank journals..which made it impossible to quest sometimes, map flying sideways constantly, making it hard as hell to locate stuff on the maps, other than that, both great ply throughs if you remember playing these games as a kid. Suprised theres even 1 bug in any of these games, i mean, they are re-done versions, common. Anyways, so far Bg 1 is way more buggy than Bg2, still love it."
76561198024057013,Recommended,257350,11853949,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Rakan,"This game is Perfect for those who Love D&D, love Rough-ish Older styled games or just love role play Strategy games in General. This game is almost Completely interactive as you can steal from others, talk to literally EVERY NPC in the game, and is completely addicting. This game however is no where near Perfect, but it's imperfections make it amazing. The game is highly Difficult however and sometimes you may need to spend hours alone on Small easy quests to Level up you Party Members. (not my style however) xD And it doesn't help that I LOVE CHallenges. Although I went and screwed around and nearly ♥♥♥♥ed up two Campaigns and had to start over. So if you buy this game. (which I HIGHLY recommend) Play Semi-Cautiously. Lol.Over All, I Give This Game An 8/10"
76561198009297466,Recommended,257350,11999207,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,kOOba,I've played BG2 when I was in high School and I've loved it ever since. Finally new remastered version allows me to play and visit Forgotten Realms once more. I truly recommend the game to all BG2 fans.Khaladrin
76561198060116560,Recommended,257350,11954966,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,mick.t,"love the old school D&D gameplay, cant go wrong, just need icewind dale 2 now......."
76561198046028774,Recommended,257350,9751020,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Sleepy,Just having THE classic Roleplaying again on my computer with all the advantages that come with cloud based games make me smile. It is what is always was: The best roleplaying game ever!A dense world full of details with wonderfull portraits of the characters you travel with make you a pert of an world which is not even matched by any of the high-end graphic roleplaying games lately. How much this is worth i just noticed lately when starting again this all time classic.No way around this game if you love roleplaying games.
76561198022631360,Recommended,257350,12922628,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Znailmonkey,This game is freaking amazing. A must buy for lovers of glorious RPG's.
76561198027090314,Recommended,257350,10903584,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jay-T,"An extremely well done upgrade of an RPG classic. BeamDog does excellent work; no bugs encountered, and the extra characters and their associated quests inject some novelty into a game that still satisfies after multiple completions."
76561198045278749,Recommended,257350,10903713,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Caioso,"This is, hands down, the best game of ALL of the history of mankind.If you like a true RPG, you'll find no other better game, it is an amazing thing that this was released in 2000 and nothing ever really came close to it.The Enhanced edition adds very little to it, but in all turthfullness you didn't really need that much to be added, the history is amazing, the backstory of all of the characters is so well crafted it will actually make you feel bad to mistreat someone and the gameplay is very intuitive, it will take a little to get used to the D&D rules for someone who isn't used to playing rpg on a regular basis, but once you do, you'll never want to let this game go.The only thing thatreally justifies buying the enhanced edition though is conectivity with other players, so, in reality, you can go with the original and get one of the thousands of mods you'll find floating around with bug fixes, and be as happy with it.2000/10 really. Buy it, love it, play it for the rest of your life.No joke though, this game stands as my longest relationship ever, a 14 year true love story and I gotta tell you all every day is a new adventure that this game finds a way to make me fall in love all over again."
76561198094819926,Recommended,257350,10918934,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jdc7x,"This game is addictive! My only regret buying it is that I bought it before with went on sale to 75%. If you like Dragon Age, or any game like that, this is the game for you. Can't beat the sales price, and you have soooo many hours of play awaiting you. Would recommend this 100%."
76561198055413661,Recommended,257350,27214134,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jon Snow,Baldur's Gate and the other Infinity Engine games helped fuel my love for RPGs. This remaster is still faithful to the original game in pretty much everyway. I'll always enjoy coming back to this game and spending hours just engrossing myself into it.Plus Boo rates this 10/10 and who wouldn't listen to Boo?
76561197975619095,Recommended,257350,27214469,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IndoorCat,Almost two decades old and still its narrative and gameplay stand strong. Easily one of the best RPGs ever created.
76561197978390255,Recommended,257350,27370269,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,McFaggat,Truly stands against test of time
,Recommended,257350,27356237,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sorby,After 16 years still the best fantasy RPG and story around.
76561198009782610,Recommended,257350,27341925,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mad Hawaiian,If you enjoy Dungeons and Dragons you will enjoy this game.
,Recommended,257350,27387590,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Unkip,¯\_(ツ)_/¯
,Recommended,257350,27385292,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bangbang,The most memorable game from my childhood. Game has held up over time very good and is still amazing to play.
76561198115890636,Recommended,257350,27383078,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ecclesiastic,A legendary RPG. I bought it because I lost my original game CD. You will definitely enjoy it if you love a game with depth.
76561198048169212,Recommended,257350,27292757,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Squan Guardkey,My best game ever and the greatest RPG ever.
,Recommended,257350,27289961,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TsarVadim,"I bought this game on CDROM in a Jewel case and the strategy guide way back when it first came out from EB games. Playing it again as an 'adult', I find it even more engaging and just as challenging. You gotta play the series that changed it all and BG2 is the best of it's generation!"
,Recommended,257350,27290736,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Trex,"Such great memories, this game is so deep and has so much content.The enhanced edition has some bugs steel (NPC clones spawning randomly on map edges)"
,Recommended,257350,26971114,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AKraftyBasterd,"One of the best RPGs ever made. The options available for how you build your character, and how many different companions you can travel with are insane.Be a fighter and smash things,Or a wizard and use a ridiculous number of spells,Or a rogue and stab them in the back and steal their things,Or a cleric and be able to smash things and use divine spells,Or a ranger and use either dual weapons or bows,Or a large number of sub-class specialties to further refine your abilites,Companions seemingly everywhere, many with side-quests and interparty banter (made better with tasteful mods)Or, attempt everything solo (it is possible).There is a reason the Baldur's Gate games have been heavily modded for all the years since they first came out. Speaking of which, If you get into modding the games can be so much better, but you need to be careful about which mods you use as always.Note: most of my time in Baldur's Gate 1 and 2 is in either the 4 disc version, or GoG version, and using mods."
,Recommended,257350,26990812,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[V]uad'Ðib Ðovie'endá,"This game is hands down one of the greatest games ever made.  Using 2nd edition AD&D rules, BG2 single handedly changed the PC gaming community overnight.  Even now, more than 15 years from it's launch date the game is still enjoyable.  If you've never played it and you enjoy RPG's, give it a go.  It's a huge ordeal that will not disappoint. Better yet, get a couple of friends and play it using co-op.  Something they provided when the game launched in 2000 - way ahead of it's time!"
,Recommended,257350,27023365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dia da Maldade,"So much fun times in this game. So much memories, the only game that made me care about every quest done"
76561198018696488,Recommended,257350,26881100,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,peterxp2468,"To me, this is by far one of the greatest games ever...EVER!!! There are no words to describe this game. Every few months for one reason or another I get bored and this is the game I come back to. I replay it over from the beginning and it's as awesome as the first time I played it. If you do it right, it might take you a while to finish but it's worth it."
,Recommended,257350,26917471,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Senseiqui,"This game, as well as the bhaal spawn saga, are the best RPGs ever made in the genre.graphics can stand the test of time and the gameplay and mechanics are superb!it's a game that will have you playing through again and again. Amazing storyline!"
76561198047945724,Recommended,257350,26787123,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Elithain,"This was probably the first game I owned when it came out that taught me the meaning of replay value. I can not think of a single game that I've replayed the entire story of more times than the Baldur's Gate series and 2 is the where the series hit it's stride.With enjoyable characters, a solid story and meaningful choices it's easy to forgive some of the dated mechanics and graphics and give this game another go around or for first timers a new journey into an interesting and fun world."
76561197971396935,Recommended,257350,26983842,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,johnny_blvd,"Even after 16 years this game is still an absolute gem, and for the most part the Enhanced Edition is a great update to it. I wasn't as big of fan of the new areas, and the new party members aren't as enjoyable as the ones from release, but it is still an epic journey from start to finish. This is the game you start up and get lost in for weeks. Thank you Black Isle Studio for developing this game."
,Recommended,257350,26938985,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Protos Angelus,"Are you looking for a story set in a rich world filled with creatures beyond count? Do you like playing solo or would you prefer to have a party of great adventurers? I could go really really far and wide withthis,but the point is,this game is awesomeand if you think otherwise,you will not blossom,like the french fries.It's got the story, it's got the characters, it's got the ending, it's got the romance, the weapons, armour, quests, dialogue ..... You have to play this game. I've spent countless hours on this game back in the day of nokia cellphones."
76561198035953652,Recommended,257350,26939958,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Red Riding Hood,"Even with so many amazing RPGs available, I always wander back to Baldur's Gate, nevermind the graphics (which hold up fantastically) the story is still one of the greatest told in RPG history."
76561198290238998,Recommended,257350,26509485,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Clarence,"While I hate the version 2.x of this game, the enhanced edition is the best version of Baldur's Gate 2 and really deserve a thumbs up.Buy the game, download the beta 1.3 version, install BG2 tweak v16 mod and then play the best version of the best CRPG ever made!"
76561198064811677,Recommended,257350,26512606,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,KP,"Baldur's Gate 2 is the king of CRPGs. Regardless of the controversy surronding the Enhanced Edition update, it is a game that needs to be played by just about everyone."
76561198204514852,Recommended,257350,26448175,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,nteague22,"Still a necessary staple in any d&d or non RTS library, the sprites never get old -- and this is a real game of difficulty;  The first thing newer gamers learn is you have to actually pause the game and establish who is doing what before a fight gets going, diablo clones die quickly"
,Recommended,257350,26866161,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AlphaOC,"Still my favorite RPG all these years later. Beamdog's update of the game has made it more convenient to play overall, and most of the mods I used to use have been updated to work with the new version."
76561198007244710,Recommended,257350,26875267,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cpt_kangaroo,"It's still as amazing as it was when the game was originally released. The changes in the enhanced edition really help to acommodate to the current day needs. The newly added companions I'm admittedly not too fond of (especially compared to the likes of Minsc, Jan Jansen, Edwin, et al.), but it's kinda nice to have a dedicated thief among them, I guess.All in all it really help to rekindle my enthusiasm for what I would call the perfect PC-RPG."
,Recommended,257350,26850993,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dómr um dauðan hvern,A timeless classic
76561197978432123,Recommended,257350,26859046,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Action Johnny,"I originally picked this game up in a grab bag of used games back in 2001. I wasn't buying the pack of games for this one, but BGII has been the most enduringly fun game I bought all those years ago. BGII:EE is the original game with some ease of use and graphical improvements.The graphics and presentation still hold up, the music and sound is top notch (maybe adjust the NPC audio feedback though), and the story has depth and variety that keeps you focused on the main questline, even while you galavant around the countryside doing good (or ill) in hundreds of sidequests.If you're interested in a long high-fantasy game with a great music, story, and memorable characters, BGII is still the gold standard all these years later."
76561198006773157,Recommended,257350,19301435,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,darwinian~nightmare,"This, with it's addon ""Throne of Bhaal"" is it. THE BEST CRpg I have ever played and probably will ever play in my entire life. Long before my steam-days I have played every race, gender, class, alignment and difficulty possible (including David Gaider's ""harder Bhaalspawn"") with every possible companion.I've poured so many hours of my life into this very game, I nearly can't comprehend, and for that matter, I have infected relatives with this game (well, at least the interest to play it) aswell. Now I can replay it with new partymembers (by the time of this review - done).This is a highly subjective recommendation, but I have to say this: I will always, always love this game.As of Nov. 2016 - this still stands. No PoE, no Tyranny no IWD, no Skyrim or Fallout (F2 comes CLOSE) can reach this one."
76561198057882736,Recommended,257350,26665661,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Oogh,"One of the greatest RPGs of all time, ask anybody. But not Dustin."
76561198005585977,Recommended,257350,26760903,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bet ur a lonely fag =D,Feels Good love the gamess
,Recommended,257350,26731487,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Cage Creed,What can be said about this true marvel of the RPG world?Buy itPlay itLove it
,Recommended,257350,26727623,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,nex,if you like playing RPGs in general or CRPGs in particular this is a must have game and in my opinion one of the best RPGs ever. sadly i missed this (and BG1) when they came out originally so i can't comment on the differences between the enhanced edition and the original version. due to its age this game has some minor drawbacks such as inventory management but to this day i enjoy it because it has great replayability because you can choose from many classes and playstyles and choices throughout the game. i recently enjoyed playing tyranny and to my knowledge this is one of the first (?) RPGs that give you the option to be evil and not just the generic champion of justice hero type.can recommend this to anyone and compared to some other AAA games this is well priced at 20€
,Recommended,257350,26913849,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr_Pipe,Classic classic rpg
76561198006657192,Recommended,257350,26907945,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GiorgosKar87,"This is the best game ever created.PS: Except for ""Planescape:Torment""PS2: Probably, I still cannot decide between the two..."
76561198053719434,Recommended,257350,26899469,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fiszbone,One of the best games ever made. Enhanced Edition extra content doesn't provide much but is still the most conivinient way to play on newer systems
,Recommended,257350,26903866,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Abstaub-Baer,"One of my favorite games of all time, if not the favorite one. Beamdog has done a quite good job in taking care for this gem, I hope they keep up the good work."
76561198021490654,Recommended,257350,26903925,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dennis_il,an all-time classic.
76561198041322581,Recommended,257350,26891903,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,crimsomdragon86,"I first played this game a good 15-16 years ago, and I'm still not tired of it. A casual Google search will show you that this is a very text-heavy game that uses tweaked D&D rules and mechanics, so give this a pass if you don't like reading or Dungeons and Dragons. If these things appeal to you, then you'll find a strong continuation of the Bhaalspawn Saga which concludes in the Throne of Bhaal.While some characters from the first Baldur's Gate do return in this game, I found that I didn't need to play it to catch up to BG II's story (I would still play BG, though, so your character is 100% yours :-)). I would give the Enhance Edition NPCs a pass, though. I didn't find them nearly as interesting as the original NPCs, and the difference in writing quality and style was just too jarring.Got your attention? Then Minsc and Boo are ready to join you in delivering righteous boots to the backsides of Evil :-)."
76561198110569056,Recommended,257350,26921175,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jandarsunstar78,Time Tested and Still Approved!
76561198002587713,Recommended,257350,26921833,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DarthTom1013,"Oh the memories... This game!  ""Ahh, the child of Bhaal has awaken, time for more...experiments!""  Hands down one of the best RPGs of all time.  Give it a wirl, but the game is a little on the difficult side for newcomers."
76561197995220560,Recommended,257350,11509505,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,NJB2k,As with most rpg's this game is great value for money in terms of longevity. I clocked well over 50 hours of gaming to complete the main storyline and that doesn't include the Throne Of Bhaal expansion. The game is admittedly dated even with the update but if you're more about great stories and immersive gameplay and less about shiny graphics this really is the game for you. With the update a lot of the dead-end quests have been fixed and in general everything seems to run a lot smoother. If you're a fan of D&D or RPG's and haven't played this game you're really missing out.
,Recommended,257350,11484085,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,D3M1GAWD,ROLL DICE FIGHT DRAGONS DRINK MEAD BANG DROW
,Recommended,257350,11504572,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Trance,"I dont understand why they released this version in such a lazy fashion, the game is still there and its great but, whats the point in a Enhanced Edition if:- By Enhanced you only work on a bigger resolution and just that- No sign of better models or animation- No improved spells animation/effects- some bugs here and there that halt some quests progressions- loads of grammatical errors and inconsistencies on the texts that were present in the non fixed version of the gamedisregarding that, this release isnt actually bad, although some new character behaviours are extremely fanfictionary for my tastes."
76561197997052249,Recommended,257350,11677693,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Acert,"It's simple if you play this game, do it in solo mode not in multiplayer. Too much bug in multiplayer (disconnect for nothing, when you load for story page it disconnect too). So the last version of this game was lot better because the multiplayer work and in this enchanced edition it's really bad."
,Recommended,257350,11603003,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Olav Belinski,"awesome game, but yuo gotta play through Hamachi if you want multiplayer"
76561198011734243,Recommended,257350,12166139,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,aaronjrat,One of my all time favorate games! My brother and I will aways go back to playing a co-op from time to time to rehash our childhood. If you love RPG's and want a rich world to enjoy then try this
76561198044601011,Recommended,257350,11203337,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Rudolf,"Enhanced Edition is... strength. This is not to be contested, it seems logical enough. You play it, you affect your world."
76561198003787274,Recommended,257350,8234011,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Tartaro,Never played the original but this is has a nice nostalgic feeling. I understand that many say this is the best RPG
76561198118692754,Recommended,257350,12136335,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,skullfaceflamenco,Both BG1 and BG2 EE have stopped working and I cannot get in contact with Steam. I would not recomend buying any steam games as they have no customer support at all...
76561197985719335,Recommended,257350,12207525,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Lancer,Classic BG2 updated for modern systems.
,Recommended,257350,12205728,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,robbbot,"This is a great remake of a classic CRPG, although my only gripe about it is that both BG 1 and 2 should have been playable through the the BG2 engine (which is totally doable through modding of the original releases, although timely)."
76561197968575212,Recommended,257350,11268091,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Andy,"UI elements scale properly on high-definition displays, unlike even heavily-modded versions of the original game. This feature alone makes the Enhanced Edition the definitive edition.Otherwise, aside from some forgettable extra content, the game is untouched. Graphics are muddy but acceptable. Inventory management a little tedious. Writing and combat top-notch. Basically, Baldur's Gate II remains one of the best RPGs ever.Buy the game during a sale. $25 is absolute, total lunacy."
76561198059999190,Recommended,257350,11272122,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,kleinbecca,"It's as good as I remember it: it's beautiful, funny and challenging.If you're a fan of old-timey RPGs, this is it."
76561197970545173,Recommended,257350,7667223,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Lord Kronox,"If you have never played Baldur's Gate 2 and the Throne of Bhaal and you think you know what makes a great RPG... you are LYING to yourself. You OWE it to yourself to play this and experience one of the best story lines to ever grace the PC.If you have played this before I don't need to advertise this awesome enhanced edition to you, chances are it is already on your hard drive!"
,Recommended,257350,11578843,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Ramona Andersen,"excellent sequel, lots of characters from the first game return with a very new twist of an antagonist, also minsc and boo are back and funnier than ever! slightly less cruel than the first game but it still proves to be fun"
76561198010247783,Recommended,257350,9740493,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Captain Morgan,"Previously I gave this game a thumbs down because of the multitude of bugs making this game from really really annoying to unplayable at times.  Beamdog was reaaaallly slow to fix the bugs, but they have now, and now it plays better than the original."
,Recommended,257350,18239715,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Murderlol,"Much like the first game, BG2 is a legendary RPG that continues and resolves the story of the Bhaalspawn saga with the Throne of Bhaal expansion. It offers a potential of hundreds of hours of D&D gameplay and is an incredible game to play if you want to get sucked into a great story. The enhanced edition offers the entire experience in one easy to play package that doesn't require modifying files just to get it to run. If you've never played any of the Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale games before, pick these up. They're must-buy games in my opinion."
,Recommended,257350,25887435,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,IndiVestor,The best of the best type of DnD RPG computergame ever.I cant say what makes this and BG1 so good but everything else tries to copy and never quite makes it.10/10
76561198003227662,Recommended,257350,27299715,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lindsattack,This is basically the best game ever. You should probably have already bought it by now.
76561198050693672,Recommended,257350,27301257,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Venator,"I am playing this game from the first days it was published. I've played it so many times I lost count of it. Downloaded numerous mods from several sites, played every class available. Every time it was like I've played it for the first time. I have it even now in my steam library. I am playing it now, and I will play it oh so many times in the future. I cannot but not to quote some of my closes friend, and this was spoken several years in a row: ""You knoe....there are other games you can play save this one.....""."
76561198099303292,Recommended,257350,27237878,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JaKTastiK,"Took up my whole summer. Still one of the best games of all time. Seriously, play it. Just do the first one first :D"
,Recommended,257350,27249501,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,skelleton,one of my all time favorites
76561197992859906,Recommended,257350,26807211,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,muell23,Good old classic !!! made new not better but as good as before
76561197972366409,Recommended,257350,27040692,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Riftare,"What is there to really say?  One of the greatest RPGs of all time, the best cRPG ever created, and only in contention with Planescape Torment.  Jon Irenicus is, to this day, my favorite villain in any game I've played and David Warner's voice performance as Irenicus is unforgettable.  Set in the Forgotten Realms setting, this game is the pinnacle of AD&D gaming and set the bar for all hardcore cRPGs that came after.  There's nothing quite like the magic of the Baldur's Gate series, and this came is the very best it has to offer."
,Recommended,257350,27054970,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DMN8TR,"a timeless classic, redone very well.story is great, customization is great, play how you want to play."
,Recommended,257350,26933943,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darlan,"Still stands tall as the best in the WRPG genre, even with heavy hitters like Skyrim and Witcher 3 coming close to knocking it off the throne--but not quite managing it. Play this game if you haven't."
76561197971503587,Recommended,257350,26943641,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Redshirt,Still one of the best
76561198025133302,Recommended,257350,26952062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Night Dick,Just play it...then you won't feel so left out when people talk about CRPGS
76561198014823436,Recommended,257350,26919031,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jexvrok,"This Game never ceases to bore me. From character creation to how i am goin to play the game. wither it is an evil party, solo play, or just plain all out min max your characters. the plot line is good, and i love the riddles that you come across."
,Recommended,257350,27005322,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CitizenSnips!,"One of the best Isometric RPG's created is back and shinier than ever! One of the best, if not the best game ever created using a Dungeon's and Dragon's setting and rules. As a man who has spent many hours playing tabletop rpgs, including D&D. I don't think I've ever seen a game that so smoothly transfers the enjoyment and excitement of tabletop gaming into the virtual space.It's got everything you want in an RPG's. Fantastic characters, a good story, deep customization, exotic locales, and interesting tactical combat.Isometric RPG's have had a resurgence in the past couple of years, so why not begin your adventure into this exciting world, with one of the best games of the genre."
,Recommended,257350,26838201,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zagumaar,Voila un jeu qu'il est bien
76561197992591043,Recommended,257350,26999341,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shep33,I played the original. Loved it.Got this. It's a bit slow by today's standards so hard to get back into but I did and went all the way through again. Twice. Love it. If you like old school tactical RPG's and don't mind a slower pace (*must like to read*) this game may be for you.
76561198050859616,Recommended,257350,27080994,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mojogod,Was the best rpg when it came out and still is at least in the top 5 rpg games of all times. There's really no reason not to play this game
76561197975987644,Recommended,257350,19992670,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Vaelas,"Simply put, one of the greatest RPGs ever created, lovingly enhanced by a team of developers who clearly know the game franchise very well.I have played this game from start to finish at least 50 times in it's original format and this enhanced edition only serves to extend the longevity of the original content by adding new fun and interesting content, from new characters and humorous side quests to restored content and brand new adventures.There are a few minor bugs, which haven't proved to be game breaking and certainly not as annoying as other reviews make it seem. All in all the game runs smoother than the original did and that's what matters, it is fully moddable aswell just like the original so we are able to add custom portraits, voice sets, scripts, and the console is still accessible.This game stands the test of time!"
76561198040914668,Recommended,257350,26003537,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,FX,Awesome game !  thanx for bringing back all thoses memories !!
,Recommended,257350,14486450,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ilyane,"Easily my favorite game ever. Amazing story, epic bad guy, great twists and awesome mechanics. Classic Infinity Engine roleplaying game with endless replayability. Pick it up and prepare to chase Joneleth Irenicus around greater Amn for the better part of 200 hours."
,Recommended,257350,14465435,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,CM - No Chat,"Baldur's Gate II was one of the best games of all time. That is considered to be a fact. This Enhanced Edition merely modernizes it, allowing it to work with current operating systems and widescreen resolutions. They did add some minor things to the game, such as a couple of new companions, which I felt were unneeded and superfluous, but they don't detract anything from the game. If you enjoy great stories, D&D, RPGs, or magic then try this game. Even if you don't enjoy any of those things, try this game."
,Recommended,257350,14523074,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,PhantomDeuce,Awesome game.  I wish I had the time to beat it again.  (You're easily looking at > 100 hours to do so.  I do like BG 1 better though.
,Recommended,257350,13559060,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,JoranAtPlay,"Changes I liked:+Neera+Extra Banter+Dorn's Quests+Beautiful and Deadly battles with BeholdersChanges I disliked:-Dorn's Romance-Hexxat's deaths-respawn does not always work-Problems with tagging in Maps (fixed in latest patch)Game-breaking:-Hexxtat's quest in TOB may result in a lich that do not die off (bug), and you're unable to reach the next room without the use of in-built cheat. (comment added on 22 Feb 2015)Edit - 22 Feb 2015:I hate to down-vote a game series I love, but game breaking bugs are downright frustrating.  Nothing you can't overcome by editing the ini file, and enabling Ctrl-J to skip the room, but still...Overall, I still love this game.  There are more improvements than stumbles, so it's worth to take a spin again."
,Recommended,257350,14593628,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,TK,"Baldur's Gate 2. So many memories, so much enjoyment, so very very dated graphically.I'll split this review into two part. The first part will be for people who haven't spent their fair share of time inAmn, the second will be for those like me, for whom the continent is like a second home.Part one:Baldur's Gatewas in many ways the defining roleplaying experience of the 90's. Not because the roleplay mechanics themselves were the focal point of the game. But instead because of the environment, built around that most epic of stories. I've you dear reader have had the pleasure of playing one of the later Bioware RPGs, you'll surely find familiar elements in the BG storyline (Dear EA/Bioware, when can I get to explore the daily trials of a humble grunt soldier / farmer's son in one of your otherwise wellwritten universes?). The NPCs are engaging, their party banter good for many a giggle, and their individual storyarcs satisfactory. The Forgotten Realms (DnD) setting well interpreted / used. One thing to note, however is, that some of the more obscure ""classic"" DnD mechanics such as Thac0 is used, it's silly in a computer game, and once you understand ""which way"" the number is supposed to go, you will quite likely happily ignore it again.Gameplay-wise the game centers around 6-man party combat. Unlike another classic CRPG series, Fallout, you can't talk or sneak your way through the game. So combat is definetely the name of the game here. Unfortunately combat is not one of the stronger suits of the experience - and is in general something I would say Bioware isn't particularly good at designing. Practically it plays out as realtime 'with pause', which on normal to ""harder"" is required in pretty much all boss battles. It however lacks any of thein your facerealtime satisfaction of hack'n'slash games, and at the same time is utterly hamstring in it's tactical possibilties while paused. So it's more of a half-baked measure of realtime/turnbased than best of both worlds, which is a shame. The spell system of the different caster classes is however rich in variance, and as has always been true, throwing fireballs into the face of your enemy has eternally been 'great fun'.The one thing that may be a dealbreaker for many a younger / new gamer is the graphics. They're not horrible, but they are very dated. And if you are apuregraphics enthusiast it is rather unlikely you'll find much enjoyment in this game.Part two:For the non-kids / teens / oldfarts like myself, how've already spent way too much time melting faces as the prodigal son of Bhaal: It's the BG2 you already know (and I assume) love. Not much has changed. It works on modern systems, without issues.The extras haven't been noticeable enough to not seem entirely forgetable. Depending on your ""internal rate of nostalgia"", beware that Beamdog has redone the cinematics / cutscenes.In my opinion the ""it's on steam!"" and multiplayer are really the most valuable features of thisenhancededition.As a small conclusion: Would I recommend this game to both the new 'uns and oldies? Wholeheartedly yes! Although I don't feel that the enhanced edition adds much, it's still one of the very best RPGs ever made, and will most likely retain that title for a very long time. Buy it!"
,Recommended,257350,14427904,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Vitalsine,I stole a lot of scrolls and it was fun. Would do it again.Classic.10/10
,Recommended,257350,15471225,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Inn0c3ntGuy,"Better of the series imho.  Characters have more depth and content to them than the original game.  LOTS of crap to do with SO much epic gear to find or make.  Class based strongholds are pretty fun addition on top of having specialized classes.  Not entirely necessary to know the plot of the first game as you will recieve plenty of reminders as well as new information regarding your destiny with lots of fights from start to finish with more spells, items and methods to murder yor enemies!"
,Recommended,257350,15331040,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,aradia.silvermoon,"I used to play this game when it first came out and I loved it so much! I was very excited when I saw I could buy and play it again! So many memories came back to me as I played my way though all the awesome quests, content, and epic battles. Now remember this is an older game so the graphics may not be what they are today so some may find that a negative.One thing I would like to  mention is that if you play the game then want to re play it and import your character it makes the game more difficult. I expected it to be a bit more challenging but not much since the rest of the party wouldn't be as high. My character is a half elven, chaotic good, conjurer mage at level 16 and the rest of the group (Misc, Valgayr (sp?), Jaheira, Nalia, and Viconia) all range between 10-13. I made it to Umar Hills and the shadow dungeon where I found multiple liches waiting. They were quite challenging since the rest weren't that high and my high level is a squishy clothie. Then doing ""Cult of the Eyeless"" quest line I found 3 beholders and 3 gauths in a location that typically had 1 beholder and 1 gauth. So  becareful when importing characters as it may make the game much more difficult then expected. Also when importing characters they don't come with their gear. All my girl had was her high level spells which was handy but the lack of good high level gear made the above fights that much more challenging.All in all I would give it 10/10."
,Recommended,257350,15331314,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,the earth is flat,the sickest
,Recommended,257350,15406825,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Housey,hell yeah brother
,Recommended,257350,15418667,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,Little things to say about an epic game becoming even more epic. It's almost flawless as I ran in a bug right at the end of ToB expansion just before the final battle where there was no option to travel to it from the pocket plane. I had to use the console to go there and finish the game. :/Otherwise it's a magnificent game and totally recommended to RPG gamers out there.
76561198093046946,Recommended,257350,15299413,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,SorrySorry,"This brings me way back.... to the days before there was quality control for voice actors. Other than that, it holds up quite well. Really a classic."
76561198114682269,Recommended,257350,14977047,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,gavincox2013,"Would be nice to write a review but I brought the game, downloaded it and it wont play!  %&$& is all I can say!"
,Recommended,257350,15009860,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Vote Nick for Nictator,"The enhanced edition stays faithful to the source game by changing very little and only adding a few characters that are actually quite interesting and well written. Unfortunately, if you don't already know what Baldur's Gate is, you probably aren't even looking at this page in the first place. The story of the Baldur's Gate series is just... beautiful."
,Recommended,257350,15056380,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,MoodCandy,D&D without the joke of having friends
,Recommended,257350,10023874,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Ayame,"One of the greatest rpgs of all time. The amount of content they fit into this game is just amazing. Interesting characters and beautifully drawn locales, and that music..."
,Recommended,257350,15091339,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Dr ScienceLobster MD-PhD BSc LLB,"Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition........ thats all, what more can be said that hasnt been said before? it does what it says on the cover."
,Recommended,257350,14650026,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,[IB]Kielan,"Strap on your nostalgia goggles we are going in!, enjoy mouthwatering nuggets of humour and engaging storyline, though beware this combat system is not forgiving for those who lack experience of D&D, expect realism, expect to rest much! and most of all expect high adventure!"
76561198010734486,Recommended,257350,14639400,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Buzzed Lightman,Only game in a while that had me immediately play over again after finishing
76561198007978929,Recommended,257350,14605783,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,SLIME45 ¦ вlϊтz,One of the best. Classic.
76561198008193627,Recommended,257350,18863354,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Bearwall,"By far the best RPG ever. Period.Now that the opening pledge of perpetual love has been declared, we can get down to the gritty of the review. The Baldurs gate series is no longer groundbreaking. Not in graphics, not in sheer scope of content - even though its storyline still is very strong compared to other RPGs out there. It's a solid game, even today some 13 or 16 years after its initial release. The series starts in candlekeep and the protagonist finds himself (or herself) very soon as a haunted individual, then the story pretty much goes from there. The plot, the twists and the mechanics of the game functions very well and even if the graphics are rough they still work. In short its great entertainment for a very reasonable price, keep in mind tho that beamdog hasn't really added much to the series so if you own the original series don't buy unless you're like me - a lover, a fighter - keeping the magic alive at all cost."
76561197986712009,Recommended,257350,26942009,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ready. Steady. Fighty.,Now with more swords and stuff
76561198047645665,Recommended,257350,26780002,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Petrosilius Zwackelmann,"Best Game Ever, if you love RPGs and dont care about the graphics get it."
76561197970969360,Recommended,257350,7675380,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,INRI,"this game dosnt need an introduction... so ill just say its improved, runs better, has more chars and quests than the original... new graphs and widescreen support... just awesome!"
76561198087279409,Not Recommended,257350,22906337,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Generic,Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together Beam Dog. WTF! (randomly crashes to deasktop)(Changed my review from negative)The game still crashes at times but I've calmed down and have started to enjoy it despite that.(Changed from negative to positive and back to negative)The bugs in this game are so bad that I don't even care if I finish it. I just can't deal with it anymore.
76561198052366934,Recommended,257350,31166592,Posted: 15 April,all,MEET Figgs,The Baldur's Gate series has got to be one of the best fantasy rpg series of all time. I am a huge fan of the progression of both the made character as well as the rest of the party. The villains and dialogue as well as the map are amazing. I wish devs still made games of this standard.
76561198098534163,Recommended,257350,27171071,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,macropus,"Playing this game is very nostalgic for me, because i played the original old one, therefore think it is a really great game, but it's not for everyone. It's based on DnD and not everyone will enjoy that. There is also a lot of reading.The new version of EE changed the UI for some reason and made outlines around everyone and a lot of people started hating the game because of that. But i got used to it, it's not that bad and you can turn off the outlines."
,Recommended,257350,19166168,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Dolraeth,"The rightful king of videogames, once more between us. Forfeit the FPS wimps who say it's too difficult. This gem lets you play medium-to-high-level Dungeons & Dragons with lots of content. Now with support for widescreen, it looks awesome. If your job is crushing you, just let loose and crack some skulls in good ol' Forgotten Realms. Too much hype is never enough."
,Recommended,257350,16641410,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nightmare!,"The greatest game ever made.I was going to preface the review with the greatest WCRPG ever made, or perhaps the greatest RPG ever made but neither of those really describe the scope of this game's promise.  Sure, you'll probably end up having more hours in other games.  If you play a multiplayer game and you're playing for the people, you aren't really going to credit the game for those relationships but as I stare at my original BG II: SoA case sitting on my shelf, I'm supremely happy that I bought the Steam Enhanced Edition.  BG II quite simply has everything you can want out of a video game.Unlike so many RPGs, BG II has the perfect balance of linear story, and branching exploration.  In fact, it's one of the few RPGs I've ever played that has successfully achieved that goal.  In BG II, you pursue a tense and captivating story, but the game allows you to explore Amn and the surrounding countryside at your leisure.  The result is an experience that doesn't feel like a plot train, nor like a meandering sandbox devoid of purpose.  Every main quest and its satellite components fit neatly in the plot mythos, creating a truly organic and wonderful experience.Thematically, the location of Faerun is as rich and varied as high traditional high fantasy can be, rivaling even that of Tolkien's creations.  The game features a large, exotic sister city to Baldur's Gate (Amn), rife with political intrigue and a myriad of hidden secrets.  Walk past a bar a dozen times, and yet on the thirteenth a new adventure allows you to find an underground cellar with new, untold dangers.  The cavernous Underdark, hidden druidic groves, pirate ships, desolate islands, dark forests, castles of every imagination, ruins and even planar travel await you in this game.The variety is staggering but theme alone doesn't propel this game's story.  A plot full of surprises, twists, moments of worry, panic and dread make this game something that you experience, not play.  The game organically develops, unfurling the finale like petals in a flower, instead of so many other, formulaic RPG plots.  Perhaps the characterization however, is the game's strongest storytelling element.  A diverse array of characters exist, both comically memorable and fearsomely grim and they not only interact with the protagonist but also with each other, with staggering consequences.After playing through BG II and its expansion ToB, and logging over 240 hours with the original release, I am now happy to introduce other gamers to this forgotten classic.  With rich and deep tacitcal gameplay, endless customizeability and properly functioning multiplayer, everyone can now enjoy this gem of a game.  And because the game has such low system requirements, no one is left out.I played this game 15 years ago, as an adult but even as a grownup, I was still transformed by the depth and breadth of this amazing gaming experience.  Fifteen years later, middle aged as I am, I still appreciate what a special title this really is.  From art design, to music, to gameplay this title will give you exactly what you put in.Buy it, sit down, steep yourself in the lore.  Go slow and luxuriate in the rich tale that will unfold.  As a gamer, I can think of no better gift to my peers than to recommend this game.Must buy.10/10."
,Recommended,257350,17996472,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,chud,fun as hell
76561198134078576,Recommended,257350,12632684,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,chee_chee_bow,...
,Recommended,257350,9586497,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,[SITH] Darth Revan,"Awesome, its still braw after 15-16 years"
,Recommended,257350,26248825,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Xanxus,"It was a wonderful game. Attention! It WAS a wonderful game.Epic story! Variety of game styles. Sundry spells and items! Ultra bugs and hopeless developers!If you never try this game, buy it and enjoy your journey in Fauren.If you are returning players like me, do not waste your time and money on this game.Attetion! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ON IT, nostalgics!"
76561198029262344,Recommended,257350,34752940,Posted: 5 September,all,LawCol,"I played this when it originally came out and only bought the product on Steam sale to show my support. Play Part-1; Baldur's Gate and then import your character over for a massively long and extremely fun role-playing experience. This game had some of my favorite NPCs in any role-playing game, ever!"
76561198018652245,Recommended,257350,34769595,Posted: 5 September,all,Quenton,"One of the best games of all time. Games have tried to recapture the wonderfulness of this game with spiritual successors like Pillars of Eternity, Divinity: Original Sin (to an extent), and Tyranny, but honestly, you can't beat this game. This says I have 37 hours logged, but I've got probably 3 times that offline as well.Captivating story, unforgettable characters (Minsc? Irenicus? I mean come on!), and just enjoyable combat. Tactical and fun, where a battle can kick your butt until you change tactics, and suddenly you've unlocked the key. An instant classic that will always (in my opinion) stand the test of time."
