user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,257400,8476052,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Wesley,"I am very disappointed. The game* offers limited selections in models (or pieces of them), and the texture system is basic without buying an addon. Then, when you want to animate your character, you get ported to the Mixamo website. They provide a free (Provided you only ever use it twice) autorigger, which assembles a skeleton for your model. However, the animations are separate entirely. You can pay big sums to get the full scope of the software.The software is not worth what you pay, and it's incredibly limited. Sure, you get easy character modelling, but don't be a sucker. The software is just an expensive (at least for recreational users) extension of Mixamo's actual animation and rigging website, where you can pay over a thousand dollars for full access.EDIT: I think the primary purpose of a review is to give my opinion of the product I purchased. My expectations may or may not match someone else's, and it's ultimately their decision whether or not they should buy this application (Thanks for calling me a smartass and inquiring as to whether or not I was autistic. I appreciate your mature conduct). In order to inform someone best of what is being sold, I'll give you the numbers.Body Parts Total: 66Torso Pieces: 15Arm Pieces: 15Leg pieces: 15Head Pieces: 21Total Clothing Parts: 86Bottoms/Pants: 19Hair: 10Hats: 6Shoes: 17Tops/Shirts: 27Eyewear: 7(Minor edit: My numbers may not be completely accurate by the time you read this, and I counted by thumb)The clothing is fairly average; You get basic button up shirts, a few different jeans, but nothing too exciting. The distinct lack of hats is something I'd note; You don't get anything like motorcycle helmets, beanies, or other restrictive headgear that might clip with the head model.Also, the facial customization is fairly limited, especially when you consider how in depth facial adjustments get in almost every videogame that allows it (APB: Reloaded, Skyrim, Saints Row, all of which have different developers). You can change a character's beard, eye color and diameter, eyebrows, and eyelashes. Fuse does not include advanced adjustment of the mouth, ears, nose, or head definition.Also, I'd appreciate it if the developer would stop asking me to change my review. It's immature- The fact of the matter is that a review exists to provide insight to someone considering purchasing this product. If your software was geared to a more recreational and cheaper market, then you shouldn't have an ""All Access"" function on your website which costs $1,499 per year- Which gets you access to ""Premium Mixamo content"" for Fuse. While smaller microtransactions are available for purchasing animations, auto-rigging uses, and alternate 3D characters, the average customer is still not entitled to Mixamo's best customer support. Their ""All Access"" function boasts unlimited access to different things, but also ""Premium Support"". I understand you place your customers who pay more higher on your list of priorities, but should any paying customer really only be allowed to use the forum? It's alienating your more casual users who have also paid for your product.The good news is that everything is royalty free, even for commercial use. Hopefully as the free content base expands, the overall quality and variance between the characters you can create will expand too.(Minor edit here too: As I've been told, the Team Fortress 2 components are not covered under the royalty-free guarantee. This is understandable, though)In the end, this review is not senseless hate. It is my opinion, and the very fact that I must defend my stance against two different developers and a rather feisty supporter is a serious issue that Mixamo's team should address. Don't use my review for ""Does this guy like it? No? I won't buy it!"" but instead see it as ""This guy doesn't like it? Why?"" I think the architecture is there, but the current content is far too plain and lackluster. I'll update my review as new packs come available - The free ones, that is.EDIT: I've reviewed the Fuse product page and appreciate the changes made since previous edits. They are now up front about the amount of components available and the presence of a paid service. I have not used the software recently, but please note the developer is still adding content.EDIT: I should have waited to update my review. I guess my review is ""belying"" according a clearly biased article by CinemaBlend. I'm sort of angry they made a backhanded comment about my review, but I'll let it by. The article also says my review was written back in January, which is only partially true. I left my original opinion untouched and updated my review in the form of edits, even over the last few months.EDIT: This will probably be one of my last. I've not checked any updates in awhile, and because of this my review may have fallen out of date. Please do not bash the developers - they are doing all they can to make sure they succeed. I don't think they've explicitly attacked my review, and although this review may be a thorn in their side, I did not write it to ruin them. I have no intention of making this software fail - it has potential. But I cannot deny the shifty behavior with PR, and it is something MIxamo should address."
,Not Recommended,257400,12885991,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,-- scippie --,"So, I am a developer and I have no design skills. This tools might be what I am looking for.And at first glance, it really is. It is really super easy to create a beautiful character, even I can do it!But then you want to export your character with animations to an .fbx file and... you have to pay?????????I just bought software, I paid for it, and it asks for 50$ for every animation I want to export on one character? Yes, there is a monthly subscription, but I am not at that stage of development yet where I can justify this expense. Yes, you get one export per week for free. I can't wait that long while developing!This is a rip off.I have used Poser in the past with my previous game, it was long ago. Poser didn't ask for more money.I really hate this trend of asking people for money and then asking them for even much more than the original price to have them do what they paid for in the first place. It is a disgrace for everything software and games have ever standed for and it will destroy the market. You want to make games? Pay us! You want to make better games? Pay us more! You want to play a game? Buy it, and pay for in-game purchases or you won't be able to complete it. Wth..."
,Not Recommended,257400,10904722,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,egreS,"The screenshots in the store page that show the characters in various poses are very misleading.  It does mention that ""animation"" is provided through a paid service under ""feature list""... and it comepletely fails to mention that there is no way to pose the character models on your own.After ""purchasing"" this, I found out the hard way that those screenshots were achieved through the added paid service.I wanted to use this to aid me in my art when drawing difficult poses and I'm only giving this a negative review do to the misleading screenshots."
,Not Recommended,257400,8822774,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,psiclonehi,"I'm sorry, but as a game artist, these models are aweful.  They start off with body parts that are often not to scale and even after tweaking the scale where, say, the legs and arms fit the body and head size, the overall structure of the legs and/or arms is off in scale.  They aren't anatomically correct.  The saving grace is if you plan to cover them up with clothes, but they barely give you anything you can work with, aside from some generic pieces and the go so far as to charge you $19 to get more generic clothing.  Waste of money and waste of time.  If you have nothing else to lean on, this might work, but even the exported models don't look right without a bit of work in other apps.  Avoid this one and just go for the free (and better) alternative of using MakeHuman.[15 Mar 2014 EDIT:]I can honestly still say stay away from this.  Makehuman just came out with a finalized version that is not only free, but does what this is supposed to do.  Don't waste your money on this."
,Not Recommended,257400,10901815,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gobla: ಠ_ಠ,"I wish I had read the reviews beforehand.Basically for a quick generation of some basic character this works fine. However if you want more than that you have to pay (LOTS). There are a few animations you can use for free, but you have to pay for basic movements fast. Also there is an auto rigger that you can use a limited number of times (at the moment of writing, 2x per week).Using this product for full character creation, rigging and animation will cost you a LOT more than the initial price.Please read other reviews as well before buying. If I had done it beforehand, I wouldn’t have bought it.Edit: It appears that there is a basic motion pack for free, however it is a bit hidden away. This makes it somewhat more usable.Edit 2 (2015-03-23): It seems that auto-rigging is now limited to ONE time use only without paying. Unless a dev can tell me how the autorigging becomes unlocked to 2x per week (or heck even 1x per month) I would seriously NOT recommend further use of this software if you are unfamiliar with rigging yourself and are not a millionaire."
76561198023986537,Not Recommended,257400,9654493,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,izos03,"Extremely disappointed purchase. In fact you get the opportunity to create a very primitive model of several parts. The number of parts is very limited. You cann't be using some form of motion, or even be change the pose. Button animation actually does not allow to change the character posture, and sends you to a website where you can buy some animation.For example walking,+ jumping,+ turning cost you 350 dollars. I'm not kidding, more than three hundred dollars for simple movements!Many games such as MMOs, give you much more room for customization of a character at a much lower price."
,Not Recommended,257400,10912184,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Magic Max,"I bought this on sale for 20 dollars and I can safely say I have not wasted a Steam Card on anything more useless than this program. I sincerely apologize to anyone who bought it for full price. I'd probably shoot myself before spending one hundred dollars on this. It looks great on the store page, sure, seeing the nice looking Spy being edited, animated, and put right into SFM. That's how they getcha.First of all, most of the animations you have to pay for on their website. Yes, they've got the free thing, and that's nice, but if they would have told us that we had to pay for even more stuff, things would be different. I came in looking for a nice editor and stock animator and was thoroughly disappointed.Speaking of the editor, there's only so much you can do. The body editing was slightly extensive but ultimately useless, cookie cutter clothing options with only a fair amount of designing options. But hey, you COULD get the DLC that includes next to nothing for an extra amount of cash! $$$$$$$$$$$I think the biggest let down, however, was the exporting and file saving. In the video, you see the guy making the Spy model, rigging and animating it, and putting it into SFM. Nice and simple, all done in a short amount of time. This could not be further from the truth. Not only did I have to sign up to their website, be offered to purchase animation sets, and wait years for the downloads to get ready, but you CAN'T SAVE IT AS A .MDL FILE. This boggles me to no end. Why not? If they know most people on Steam are using it as a way to make custom models and import them to SFM, why not include a .MDL option?There is a way to convert it, however, if you're willing to download and learn a whole new program. I gave it a shot and was instantly confused, I couldn't even open the correct files even though they were sitting in plain sight. No program should have its user go through this much extra work to simply export a model in the correct file.tl;dr Even if you're an avid Source Filmmaker user like myself, do not purchase this program. It's got disappointing amounts of customization, horrible user interface if you want to export something, and unless you're a 3D model genius, you're not going anywhere with this. It's a whole scene just trying to export one model correctly and was a waste of my time and money. Definitely not recommended."
,Not Recommended,257400,7976770,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,EndyJuice,"Fuse its Terrible, The Video its a Trap! LISTEN TO ME DONT BUY IT! if you were planning to make models of your own to put on games like Gmod or SFM, YOU ARE WRONG! very limited on creation, and even after you create a model can do nothing else with it! WASTE OF MONEY!"
,Recommended,257400,16608798,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Chents2D,"So is Fuse free now? What did I pay for when I bought the base software for 50 Dollars? Just asking, since I really enjoy the program but if its free now does that mean the program was a waste of the money I spent on it?I still recommend it though since it's basically free, I am just kind of shocked that I spent 50 Dollars on a free product... What did I pay for!?!?"
76561197967524117,Not Recommended,257400,10601142,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,darshie76,"UPDATED FOR 1.3 version====================First thing first: I have purchased this software on sale; but my review is based on the full price, to be honest and fair.What this software does? It allow you to create from scratch, a character that can be either animated by you, by someone else, or from Mixamo itself. Their pipeline is well established, and they offer quite a good service, if you look at the point of view of the indie studio. Now indie doesn't mean ""the lonely guy in the basement, with 100 bucks in his pocket""; Indie nowadays means a group of people with some cash to start with; that has a plan or a kickstarter, so the prices of course are adjusted for that audience (their cost per credit is quite high; animations cost between 10 and 50 dollars, and their all acess is a good deal if you have at least a thousands to invest).But back to the product; I mentioned Mixamo services, since the software is very tied to their service, altho it is a standalone, you may want to consider the fact that they planned this software to be complemented by their service.How does it work as stand alone character creation? Well, not so good.The first limitation is due the nature of the application itself: if you offer cookie cut templates, there is only so much that you can achieve. The new version offer somehow a customization array of parameters, but mostly they don't really work as you would imagine. Take any character creation in your favorite MMORPG game, and try to see how many different characters you may get (including the random feature or just tweaking the parameters by hand), and forget about it in Fuse.You can achieve few different characters (face wise), even modifying the ton of various blendshape added to the mesh; I am not sure how you can achieve characters like the ones that they show in their promo pictures, because most of the time, they all look the same (unless you go for deformed/stylized characters, where the shape of the head and face may be more important).You have the capability to import your characters and clothes (which require to be fitiing specific requirements described on their site, to be fully compatible), but then you end up with a sort of lego where you mix your content, with alternate fortune.But not all of it is bad; the software is solid in creating the generic guy/girl, and has a decent amount of variations for clothes and hair (hopefully there will be more soon). The substance implementation is quite the deal, to swap quickly clothes and give variety; altho this works if you need generic characters to populate a background. I believe that what Fuse does best is to be a crowd generator, more than a character generator (altho MakeHuman doesn't get any better, but at least is free).The app is stable so far; had no crash or issues with exporting and importing, except few times where the textures were disabled, and I had to go back and forth between the various texture areas to get them working again. The output files are clean and import fine in Unity, with or without the auto rig offered by Mixamo.Overall, I would recommend this software, but barely. If you find it on sale, get it, because is a good deal, but at full price, I would rather use MakeHuman. To me this is a 3 out of 5.It is a really valid software, that cover one aspect of game character development, but it fall short to deliver the full experience, and it is sad, because it has a lot of potential and is really nicely done. I hope the future version will get closer to give the user a one stop solution to make either crowd characters or main characters.If I need to make a cast of characters for a Final Fantasy game; I would like to say ""let me grab Fuse, it does all that I need""; import my custom clothes, generate unique characters and export them.Suggestions:1) the random button should create characters variation, not just scramble the sliders with random values; I can put my 4 years old doing that; while would be more useful to actually have a function that create heuristically, characters that are usable (you can add flags to specify if the character has to be human, alien, cartoonish and so on, to make things easier on your side).2) More variety with the morphs, instead of quantity; they often are exagerations of normal human features; while in a face, you can see that the differences are much subtle. On this, MakeHuman create more realistic characters, even without the plethora of textures that Fuse has.FIXED, THANKS!!!!!!!!3) Make possible to save as template, the characters that you make. For example; I may want to make a character and save just the head as template, and make different bodies, instead than start all over from the default and change all the values. You can also re-import the figure and filter just the head, but it is cumbersome and not really user friendly....the character is there, ready, why close and import it again, instead of just save it as template?=================4) Clothes import: would be interesting to have something like DAZ does, with their conforming clothes that adapt to any figure; or like Poser Pro that is able to adapt a piece of clothes for any figure. A system like this would add a lot to Fuse; allowing users to import clothes geometry from anywhere, and just adapt it to the model, without having to modify them.While in 1.3, there are improvements; it is still a ton of work to import obj and adapt them to the Fuse character. IF I need to spend more time to adapt something; then the advantage of Fuse fade away."
,Not Recommended,257400,8961268,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Braxt,"This seems to be Fuse Basic... and the Maximo side of things is way too expensive.  I wanted to buy an Action Animation Pack, and it was close to the price of purchasing the full royalty free versions of Daz3D (which has a $100 game character export plugin for sale).I am a bit disappointed with this new business model... that charges you for software, and then essentially charges you to continue using it."
,Not Recommended,257400,10937445,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ENAK,"This software is laughably bad. :( The Fuse program itself is just a front-end for their model-selling website. The best output you can hope for from Fuse directly (free) is an un-textured OBJ file and some separate textures for you to manually skin everything. If you want a rigged FBX model, you have to pay on their site (you get 2 free rigs per week) - and the prices are just insane. A single character with some animations will set you back hundreds of dollars. If you want - there's a yearly subscription plan with a very hefty price point (>1000$ per year). Even funnier, if you edit your character and want to regenerate the rig for some reason - it's a new character and you have to pay again.If you're a small developer and are looking for an easy way of making rigged characters for a game - stay away from this program. The models aren't even all that good - they often have some mesh problems with vertices in weird places and overlaping surfaces that may cause flickering problems. If I payed the full price and not the 18EUR, I would be really annoyed now... This is the moment, when one wishes Steam had a refund policy."
76561198165510105,Not Recommended,257400,13153515,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,GoBeyondDeathMachine,"It's good for creating a model (apart from the vast lack of clothing and accessories).When I exported and auto-rigged as prompted a hidden fee popped up asking me to buy the character that I made.*sigh*Just use to play around with model creation, wouldn't bother exporting the models unless you're absolutely loaded."
,Not Recommended,257400,8075904,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,The Bloopah,"All the things it promises to be are a lie, the character creation is worse than the one in the sims and once you get to animate them you have to pay for the movements.You will not get a nice movie like you can at SFM it is not fluid and not flexible.At this time I wish refunds existed."
76561198078911002,Not Recommended,257400,12848576,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ElizabethRose,"Honestly, this is horrible. It's slow, the clothes look horrible on the models no matter what you do, and it's basically the worst 3D modeling/animating program I've ever used. I wish I could return it."
,Not Recommended,257400,18712348,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,LCRUZF -,So...I PAID for a free software....
,Not Recommended,257400,9769057,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Maven,"NOTE: This is a review for version 1.0 of FUSE (though I've been toying with it since its initial release)TO POTENTIAL BUYERS:In truth this product is a mixed bag of nuts.  Mixamo is trying to do something truly great here and if they adjust their approach to customer management and marketing with this product they just might build a very powerful indie-focussed tool to quickly build out a cast of characters on a fairly reasonable budget.   There is certainly a market for this, and with enough customer buy-in they could become an industry staple in this regard.  With that said, the tool isn't there just yet.CONTENT:As most other reviews have mentioned, content is sorely lacking and this is a make-or-break issue for mixamo.  While it's true that there are several options to choose from, the problem is that your realistic options are less than half a dozen body-type options per body part because TF2, zombie and male body parts don't make sense on a female torso, so the actual logical options per character gender/type are very sparse.CUSTOMIZATION:The issue of content could be mitigated for a while by customization, as in tweaking facial features, the topology, asymetrical component sizes and (this is a HUGE dealbreaker) the level of detail.  Seriously, if you can't set optional LOD versions to sub 7000 verts with 1- 3 draw calls and have options for 2048 textures then it cripples the usefulness of your product for many games, especially on the mobile platforms where most of the indies focus ( indies being the target audience of this product). Pretty game models are pointless if they're not functional as game models.TO THE MIXAMO DEVELOPERS:I'm an indie hobbyist, but a senior software solutions developer for enterprise business systems (switched over from game dev a few years ago) so I do understand where you're coming from and that you really have a great concept with massive potential here. Unfortunately there's also a common industry trend at work here, specifically in the disconnect between your vision and the customers' perception of that vision.  I get what you're trying to do, you're trying to build a community around fuse and set up a microtransaction model around it, which is reasonable and fair.  With the coming customization and import features, you're intending that users will start generating content, sharing it and then you can keep fleshing out this tool much like a character-focussed cross between unity's asset store and sims.  There's definitely a market for that and it is a great idea to manueaver yourself into that space, especially with your existing catalogue of assets.  The problem though, is that you've adopted a ""build it and they will come"" approach by prematurely releasing this tool on the strength of its promises, and marketing it on steam to indies as a full stand-alone product while still expecting studio-level prices and rationale to be applicable.  It's not, and that's why your reviews here are so negatively slanted.  You need to make a decision here: market it to studios and retain your pricing models(charging for the third rig per week and $20 animations) or open it up to the indies properly(at least the basic animations, full rigging and website-independent end-to-end workflow) and grow the community around it to expand and capitalize on optional microtransactions, plugins and add-on packs.  You can't have both and arguing that your $20 animations are reasonable in the industry context isn't a valid argument when you're marketing this as a stand alone product to indies on steam, you're either targeting the wrong audience or your message/marketing is wrong for the audience chosen.  Adding more features in itself isn't enough, you'll need to learn how to build a happy word-of-mouth community around your tool, because bad press kills good products.  In truth Fuse has the potential to be the industry standard in a year or two if it matures well enough, but it was released too early and isn't a commercially viable product just yet.  Keep doing what you're doing with the features, and focus on what your clients need, not what you think they need.  Drastic LOD's, (facial!) customization, significantly more content (try making 20 truly unique modern sims-setting females without resorting to different outfits), the inclusion of basic animations(walk, sit, talk, run, interact) and so on.  But the biggest CHANGE you need to make is in how you deal with and talk to your customers, because trying to convince them of the value verbally in the comments isn't going to win you credibility.  The value has to be apparent, and you have to admit and respond to feedback. Set up a forum, hold feature polls to make the development process interactive, hold competitions for user-submitted content, have a dedicated fuse site with showcases and case studies, video tutorials, and above all be transparent.  The initial marketing here was a misstep.  Don't add features and keep quiet in hopes that it will go away, because it creates the impression to your customers that you don't care what they think.  Mistakes are okay as long as your customers know you make adjustments to your approaches when needed. Instead, be open about the roadmap, ask and interact with your users on a constructive platform and get their buy-in that way, because that is the only way that this product will work.I'll be keeping an eye on Fuse, with time I think it might just become what everyone has been hoping for."
76561198063489194,Not Recommended,257400,12837918,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Tigresuave11,"There simply isn't enough customization options to make this worth while. At best, this would be good for background NPCs, not main characters. Since the regular price (luckily I got it for $25, although I would still like my money back) is comparable to a AAA game, I was expecting something at least as customization  and user friendly to a ""create a character"" in any high quality game. Unfortunately, it is very limited and not very intuitive. I should be able to create any kind of character I can imagine and change every aspect to any degree (Something like Daz), but you have about maybe 20-30 character options with limited options to customize to a certain degree. At this point I'd even settle for the create a character and clothing options from saints row 3 or ""create a wrestler"" from a ps2 WWE game.Conclusion/Should you buyIf the regular price was $25, It would be worth it (although I would still wait for it to be on sale). You can make a wide variety of generic characters. it would be good for quickly creating a zombie horde, or village/city NPCs that you would not be concentrating on.However, this is not for making a main character or important NPCs that you would have to look at for more than a few minutes."
,Not Recommended,257400,10907927,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,sparkes,Not currently recommended.  The models need tweaking to look as natural as MakeHuman ones and I was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off to be honest to discover you only get to rig a couple of models per week using the Mixamo website.  I would have prefered rigging to be built into the core system (given it is in the free competitor) rather than upload to the cloud to do it online.  Been around for long enough to know I will probably want to use this long after Mixamo aren't around anymore and feel like I've only been given half the software I thought I was getting.
,Recommended,257400,15932942,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,❤Sinty❤,"Fuse is easy to use and work about the same way as the Sims character creator. It gives you a lot of different bodies and parts to work with in order to create new characters.The reason so many people review this software as a negative product is the fact that it used to cost money to download your characters after they have been riged. Early 2015 mixamo made rigging free, so it's not a problem anymore :)The only thing they should improve are more hair, shirts, pants and other miscs.They also offer a easy way to export models in to sfm or gmod, without using any of the modeling programs like blender or maya, for creators not so familiar with those programs, like myself."
,Not Recommended,257400,7985808,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Alex  Descartes,this sofftwere is crap it dose nto do many of the things it says it has very low custmisation and there is a lack of options i want my money back
,Not Recommended,257400,9713195,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,bludhound,"I wrote a review in November 2013, but I removed it after the December 2013 update as I did not have the time to try out the updated version and I was trying to be fair to the developers. Since then, version 1.0 has been released and I must say that the disappointment remains. Sure, there are significantly more parts now but the decent permutation of parts are still extremely limited. How about introducing facial morphs to alleviate the problem?Furthermore, the high polygon count of the models make them unsuitable for many situations. How about a polygon reduction tool or the ability to select the LOD of the models? Lastly, the autorig limit makes experimenting an unfeasible process as the user can't just modify the model and re-export a rigged version at will. Just because the developers have offered their explanation for the limitation doesn't make it is easier to accept and swallow.The product may not be very costly, but I'm getting zero value out of it for my workflow so far. I'd rather pay double or triple for a ""premium"" version which has facial morphs, polygon reduction and unlimited autorigging, but I guess anything less than $1500/yr is deemed too cheap by Mixamo for a feature like unlimited autorig. For now, I truly would not recommend the software based on my experience with it."
,Not Recommended,257400,19033043,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,DisSolve,"I paid 50 euro while this wasn't free. This Software is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on the highest scale.Not worth 50 euro. Not even worth for free.I want my money back, I don't care who bought this mess of a Product, I paid so much for this only for it to become free ? ♥♥♥♥ you"
,Not Recommended,257400,10408161,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,🔋ＴＡＹ🔌,"It does not offer what it promises. the content is very very low and you can't really do anything with it except paying more money to let your model getting rigged and animated, there are just 2 rigs per week for free but still it's really crap. pls invest your money for something more useful than this, because this program with such a price tag is really a brazenness.To cut a long story short : WASTE OF MONEY"
,Not Recommended,257400,28552358,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sp00kster The Skeletal Bat,I lovedGREATLYuntil they removed the sfm-gmod export options!
,Not Recommended,257400,10459842,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,MarkOm,"A little disapointed. All you will get out of this application is a model/texture with no Rig.firstly the texture maps are only 1024 and secondly there is an 'option' for rigging, but the problem is that it is outside the application. Im not sure if I even got it right, but I cant test it because I only have a limited amount of rig that I can download but where is the facial rigs?  If the awnser is to use a thrid application to use motion capture, then  I am sorry, but this application is quite a disapointment. From my understanding as well, it will cost me $75 to rig a character. I will be trying to workout an option in Blender to create a rig as I cannot animate with this.Developers, please just enable Rigging to be built into FUSE. Once that happens, I will change this to a positive review.Thank youMarkoMarkom3d.comPROeasy to usea few good optionsfull texturedCONNo rigging system built into the applicationFacial Rigs?Textures are too small - need to be minimum 2048"
,Not Recommended,257400,7818014,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Evilworm,"This software is not worth buying. You pay for it, and all you can do is use a few models (or rather, parts). If you want to animate it and export it, you will need to pay more. For each animation and model. Use Blender or some other software, as this isn't what you want.Edit September 25th 2014:Tried this software almost a year after I bought it. More models, more options. BUT YOU STILL HAVE TO PAY A LOT TO GET THE ANIMATIONS!!!I made a model, uploaded it to the website and tried to make it yell, throw and yell again. How much did you say Mixamo?? $45!!! Ripoff and scam! I will not review Fuse again, because it is uninstalled for good now. Worst business-solution I have ever seen.My advice to anyone reading this: DO NOT BUY!"
76561197980797821,Not Recommended,257400,9683992,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Visioneer,"First, I want to start with:  Steam has no ""Consider Before Purchasing"" or ""It Depends"" on the recommendation of the software, so please read the reviews before you consider this software.Okay, now for the fun part:  Can I reasonably suggest this software to anyone?  I think, depending on your purpose, I can, provided that those purposes are limited to PreVis or anything PreRelease.  Don't, for a second, think that this is a character modeling program.  The SOLE mesh editing that is available in the program is restricted to a symmetrical uniform scale.  Any work you would like to do asymmetrically must be exported and edited in a modeling package, such as 3D Studio MAX or MODO.  The textures max out at 1K, which is extremely low by today's HD standards.Now, I was expecting this, as I had read the reviews posted by other users.  My primary reason for purchasing a license for the software was to hopefully use the piecemeal meshes as base meshes for my sculpts in ZBrush.  While this is possible, the default expressions and the stylization of the models are a bit difficult to work with and it is easier to start from scratch if you have the applicable skills or know someone who does.  Also, the clothes are all contemporary, and don't be fooled by the ""we have 80+ clothing models"" as the pieces become easily limiting when you don't want your manly man of a hero to be dressed in a bikini bottom, skirt, or the TF2 character clothing.I'm not saying that this is a bad program, by any means, as it does exactly as it says it does, but for the price tag of $99.99 (regular) you don't get nearly enough at this point.  If they add more character editing features (adjusting character shapes along different axises or adding a morph system similar to what one might find in Skyrim) and significantly improve the selection and diversity of clothing available, the price tag may be a bit more justifiable.  Needless to say:  Approach with caution.  At this point, if you are looking for some software to be an asset filler while you wait for your final assets to be completed, this could be a worthwhile purchase.  If you are looking at this for final models, you run the risk of having models that look like anyone else using this software for their characters, as well as an extremely limited scope of characters you can assemble in this program.  Your money would be better spent looking to hire some indie modelers to create models that are more appropriate for the look and feel of your game."
,Recommended,257400,13928631,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,theycallmepiatt,"I've been exploring FUSE a lot as a source for characters for a UE4 game I'm trying to develop. I had a  month of the ""indie pack"" (not on steam, but through their subscription) and successfully got a FUSE character moving around in the UE4 environment.FUSE is unique in that it's essentially middleware that's trying to do the jobs of 5 people in a team that usually consists of 10, so it won't be able to do everything, and doesn't claim to. It'll be able to make awesome looking characters that are rigged for very cheap, and on their site, there are animations you can buy. Or, because the characters are rigged, you can animate them on their own.Will FUSE characters be able to immediately drop into (name of program)? Probably not. They might need some coaxing. You might have to get really into (said program) and learn what it is that makes it work... but this is a good thing.For UE4, a hang up was on the skeleton and the material quality. For months, I was going on their forums and freaking out about how a UE4 skeleton download option would be great, or how sometimes the materials didn't come through looking the best - because UE4 didn't naturally know how to handle some of the FUSE character's files. Well, after months of awesome awesome customer support on thier forums -  they came through with that skeleton. Plus, not that it's their job to fix things in a totally different program for me, but they're planning an update for the UE4 materials.I'm a believer. These guys are keeping pace with the bigger game engines and are inching closer and closer to that ""dream product"" you want it to be. They've bitten off a lot, but they're delivering, and i'm very excited to see where this goes - and to use it in my game.This is a tool, and an awesome one, but just don't expect it to go ahead and make your game for you!  That's your job!"
76561198058264283,Not Recommended,257400,29404888,Posted: 21 January,all,Pvt Snafu,!!!!WARNING FOR FUTURE DOWNLOADERS!!!!GMOD + SFM ARE NO LONGER OPTIONS TO CREATE MODELS FOR AS OF 16 DECEMBER 2016this software was great until the news that they no longer support gmod and sfm downloads for your created modelslook im sorry but it's just the honest truth this software has imo no more uses......
,Not Recommended,257400,13477494,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,elbatmanisimo,"It really depends what you want.  If you just want quick and simple models, and aren't fussed about detail in their form, this is good.  If you want to really get into the detail of the character and model the anatomy to exactly how you envision it, this is not for you.  It's basically the equivalent of a ""model wizard"".  Choose head, next, choose torso, next, etc...  Morphing is extrememly limited compared to Daz3D, for example, which is free.  Any rigging involves uploading to their site, after creating an account, and using your 1 free montly rig or subscribing.  Subscribing opens up more options, but it seems pointless when there are better free tools, and better subscription based software (Autodesk), or the hotkey driven free Blender software (create, rig and animate...but you have to remember a lot of keys).In the end, I would not recommend this for any serious modeller.  If you're a game creator and don't want to spend ages modelling extras for your game, choose this...but on sale."
,Not Recommended,257400,10432224,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,The Wiggler,"An Okay program by MixamoI have played around with it for a while now, it is not bad but is not good.pros:1. Easy to create a character in about 5 minutes or spend longer to customize it more to your liking2. Can Import your own clothing and accessories3. Good polly count (around 10 to 15K)4. Auto Rigger5. Lots of animations to apply to your character6.  Can change the polycount free untill July 12 (Thanks for the update stefanox)Cons:1. Not very many clothing/ accessories to choose from2. can not drastically change body of the character enough (for my liking anyway)3. Auto rigger limited to 2 per week. Pay for additional rigs the same week (even though it does not cost them anything to allow you to use)4. Animations are way over priced (I can see maybe $5 per animation since it is mocap but thats just me. lots of free mocap files out there,TurboSquid.comfor starters)5. Even though you can change the facial expressions in the program. You have to rig the face if you export it6.can't change the poly count"
,Not Recommended,257400,28734559,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NightBlader,They scammed people out of their money and proceeded to remove useful features.You can't render to Gmod/SFM anymore.Mixamo is a terrible company.
,Not Recommended,257400,29452833,Posted: 23 January,all,Nathaniel,"They removed Source Engine and Unreal Engine 4 exports on a whim and basically told all the users to ♥♥♥♥ off. No announcement and fake apologies for inconveniences on the official website. Best case scenario, SFM and Gmod users will need to find an alternative. Worst case scenario, small studios working with UE4 and have Mixamo integrated into their pipeline will lose a lot of time and money.Not a good idea. Stay away from this software and don't give them any attention. They essentially removed support without telling anyone and spat at their userbase. This is a toxic company."
,Not Recommended,257400,29451521,Posted: 23 January,all,ImJustWicked,It was a briliant software. I used to make models for SFM but now it's screwed.Thanks for removing the best advantage of this program.@edit January 29th 2017And don't forget Mixamo to delete your video from the Steam Store about exporting the models to GMod as well.
76561198039003638,Not Recommended,257400,14440323,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,FuzzyBunnyOnslaught,Hidden fees after purchasing software.
,Recommended,257400,15906499,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Jingz,"an artist review:as someone who knows bare-minimum to 3D creation, the interface is pretty user friendly. I was able to learn pretty quickly how to use the program. I purchased it with hopes to have a solid 3D reference for my own characters faces. Customization works well enough, though I do wish I had more liberty/ freedom to push the facial features further and make them more unique and personal. The customization seems to be on the level as Sims/ Dragon Age: Inquisition in that regard.  One other thing i'd like to see is In the beginning stages of developing the character is options available for skin color/ complexion readily available. But, I can see that this is a program to quickly create stock characters, which is fine. There's still quite a bit to explore and learn from this program, so I will have to mess around with a lot more of the features and update the review.overall for an artist like myself, it is an excellent resource to have a model that you can move at any angle for drawing reference."
,Not Recommended,257400,29638029,Posted: 1 February,all,Golden,Removed Source And UE4 exports which was what made it popularGood idea mixamo
76561197993782673,Not Recommended,257400,16140016,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,June_Cleaver,"EDIT: Fuse is now free, so as long as you don't care about the uncertainty surrounding the product, there's no reason not to try it. Especially if they release the 1.4 update, which would allow users to fix small issues with clothing/hat fits. But I will be surprised if that update ever happens. At this point, I cannot recommend adopting Fuse into your workflow because we don't know what's going to happen to it and therefore can't depend on it. It's like choosing to learn Maya if it was just announced that Maya was being discontinued soon. Why waste all that effort in adopting/learning it? Guess we'll see what happens in 6 months with Adobe at the helm...Original Review:As it stands today (Jun 2 2015), Fuse is being sold on steam at a price of $100. Yesterday Mixamo was bought by Adobe, and it was announced that Fuse will be free. So no, I definitely do not recommend buying Fuse at this point. Mixamo has said that Fuse and autorigging will be available for 6 mo, beyond that is anyone's guess. I suspect Fuse is a dead product at this point, because Adobe will be integrating Mixamo into Photoshop for graphic designers and illustrators. Game development isn't on their radar, and it doesn't make financial sense for Adobe to continue updating Fuse, a free product on Steam, when they will have a similar offering under Creative Cloud,R.I.P., Fuse. You were on your way to becoming the holy grail of character creation for game development. I was getting my workflow down pat for creating clothing, and was getting ready to release a clothing pack on Unity. Now with all the uncertainty, who will buy into Fuse, and definitely who will buy a clothing pack I create?I don't blame Mixamo's owners for cashing out, but this is the third time I've had my chain yanked by Mixamo's changes in direction. It's definitely been a cautionary tale for anyone wanting to do freelance work to not trust that anything or anyone will be there for you from day to day. better to just learn how to create characters in a modeling program and do everything yourself, and then sell your own work."
,Not Recommended,257400,30739282,Posted: 25 March,all,DNA,"used to be decent, but myself, like some others, got it soley because you could use FUSE to make things for the source engine, which you cant do anymore"
76561198074065718,Not Recommended,257400,29542269,Posted: 28 January,all,Durin,"""Great idea guys!.""""What is it Bob?""""Lets remove all the game exports for this program called Fuse.""""But why Bob?""*Inhuman screeching*Damn, I hate it when people remove working features from programs for no reason."
,Not Recommended,257400,30170470,Posted: 25 February,all,Coverop,Doesn't work with SFM/GMOD
,Not Recommended,257400,29911040,Posted: 13 February,all,Tidreit,"This software was great before and now they are with adobe, they are removing all the great features of this software."
,Not Recommended,257400,14137766,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,RobbieRobb,"Do not buy this software.  I am in the process of requesting a full refund, as I have had numerous issues with attempting to get my free auto-rigged characters per week.  I've sent numerous messages totheir customer support, using their website form, which half the time returns an unknown error, across multiple browsers.  I left numerous messages with their phone support which goes to after-hours, during normal business hours, and have never received one single reply back. This has been going on for months.Don't waste your money"
,Not Recommended,257400,28845636,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Serenity,It was a great software but without the game exports it is completly useless.Do not even try this pile of junk.I think i will cancel my whole adobe subscription. Dont see why i should give an ignorant company like this my money.
,Not Recommended,257400,29911010,Posted: 13 February,all,gnode,Everything has been abstracted from this program that once made it beneficial. This program is now the definition of waste material and has no uses. By the time of me writing this review one hundred more features will have been removed. The creators of fuse don't comprehend the uses that it once had.
76561197999194913,Not Recommended,257400,29447429,Posted: 23 January,all,The_Ruler,"First, it turned free. Then, they removed export types. Doesn't deserve anything"
76561198089319762,Not Recommended,257400,34103484,Posted: 8 August,all,cfowler7,Don't buy it. It's crap.
,Recommended,257400,7594903,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Supreme Human Being,"The developers has since added more features and resources to Fuse. It's good step forward and I have changed my recommendation to ""Yes"" for the time being.Let's see if they keep innovating and keep listening to the public feedback. I will periodically update this review as time goes by.As of today (6th Jan 2014) it is, in my opinion, worth the price tag although I still believe that the resources available from their website should be MUCH cheaper or included in the actual price. Releasing software and then expecting users to buy more resources with expensive price tags is not a sustainable business model. Volume sales driven models have almost always produced positive results.I am a gamer and a business professional.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------BELOW IS MY ORIGINAL REVIEW FROM THE RELEASE DATE:You pay $50 to use this sofware with hardly any textures and parts. Not worth it.To delve into this a bit more.The free version and the paid version have exactly the same functions. When you upgrade to the paid version, you don't get any extra functions. You get a few more textures and models and that's it.It's still EXTREMELY limited and serves a really basic function. Creativity is limited to the few items available in the paid version.Then, they release so called DLC that is SUPER expensive. The video grabs your attention and then disappoints."
76561198037090880,Not Recommended,257400,31264939,Posted: 20 April,all,Pabooklas,Useless after they removed export for UE4 option. I wasted my money when I bought Fuse.
,Not Recommended,257400,13542243,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Frank,"Worst £25 i ever spent, you have to pay even more money for basic animations."
,Recommended,257400,7830640,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Teirdalin,"Edited to be more correct with current version. June 1st, 2014.It's quite nice, In it's current form I would say Fuse is indeed worth the price of $50, especially since they're allowing you to import your own materials into the editor;  If they keep adding content I expect the price to go up along with the quality, so my recommendation is to buy it now and not regret not buying it in the future.The below pros and cons are for this version being reviewed*Some Pros:*Body manipulation, simply grab a piece of the face, or body and pull, has ear support for insta-elves, and custom input for precision editing.*Quite alot of customization for your character's clothes, change the texture from patterned, metal, or leather, or cloth.*Clothes importing, and content creator package.*Nice interface, very user-friendly.*Easiest 3D character design software ever invented.*Has a rather basic rigging system through their website which I don't really recommend using if you have any skill in Maya or other 3D rigging software.*Alright variety of parts to use overall for basic character creations.Some cons:*Could use more fantasy clothes; only one armor piece, one tunic, and a short robe. (but it's a good start they've done so far, definitely)*No sub-categorization (For example: male/female, modern/fantasy, shirt/jackets, underwear/outerwear) within the categories.*No manly long hairs. (behold how unmanly this dark elf is-http://i.imgur.com/cGpEWq9.png)*Hair is somewhat lacking in designs, and could use male/female categories as well.*There are some clipping issues with hair, for example:http://i.imgur.com/wriLgVq.pngIdeas:*More body modification options in the head/face region.*Could use some steampunk accessories; (goggles, tight fantasy looking clothes).*More fantasy clothes; armor, robes, peasantry clothes. (chainmail, platemail, scalemail?)*More Substances.*Make TF2 stuff optional to be toggled on/off in some settings menu, it's just so ugly to look at.*Perhaps more substances, heads, tops, bottoms , and hair.*Option of removing eyelashes and instead having painted on 2D texture eyelashes.And that's really all that comes to mind at the moment,  good job improving it; and I hope you improve it even further.ps: If anyone out there feels like making a script which allows you to simply one-click rig Miaxamo Fuse characters in Maya, that would be very cool of you to do."
76561198072913540,Not Recommended,257400,9003437,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,VaughnVeneratio,At the moment I am very dissappointed that I spent the money I did for this. I hope as it updates...that one day it will in fact be something I enjoy. Right now it's simply too limited from what I had expected.
76561197971410807,Not Recommended,257400,8834851,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,MonkeyPlague,Bunch of money for not alot of content.
,Not Recommended,257400,16177564,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,nmargie21122,"STAY AWAY IT IS A SCAMMaxamo recently had a sale for most of may on FUSE. During the sale they promised free rigs and a new 1.4 patch that would be free.Guess what they do right when the sale ends. They say ""Adobe bought us and thus we have no idea what the future holds""The free rigsOne developer on the forums say they will be thereAnother developer says they will be there during the transition period which is the end of the year 9after that who knows)Yet another developer says they will be there during the transition period but it may be a month or even a yearThe 1.4 update to fix issuesOne dev says it was removed from the sotre page to save spaceAnother developer says they have no idea what will happenSo you may wonder what the developers have to say about all thisThey say ""Well our steam staff did not know""They say they care about the customer and ask for us to understand the miss communications yet in the same breath tell the customers ""We know we lied to you but we are keeping your money""Companies like MAXAMO are whats wrong with big business. It is getting to the point that publishers feel they have the right to screw the customer over as long as the developer makes money. This practice has to stop and the only way that will happen is if everyone stands up against itDO NOT SUPPORT MIXAMO. Do not download thier software. If you do you are telling them it is ok to lie and cheat the customers."
,Not Recommended,257400,30226741,Posted: 27 February,all,Hunter-Spy,"I used this software back in 9/26/2015 for one character and I really had no problem with the software, despite the model being scaled too big when I put it into garry's mod, and without any faceposing.but now in this current (and sorta previous) year, this software may be the worst software I have ever used for animating imo.at it's core, fuse isn't that bad when it comes to creating a character, infact it is very easy to do.but the site that it's used with, is awful.I could not animate my recent models through the fuse app because I ""couldn't access the server"", despite my password being correct and literally nothing was wrong with my connection.and when I logged on to the site (not through the app) I couldn't even upload my creations there because they didn't accept fuse files (which should've been a supported file tbh)here's my pros and cons about this software so I can further explain myselfPROS:character creation is easy to dotonnes of options when it comes to body size/heightuploading is fairly easy (when it would even work)I had fun in making bizzare creationsit's free (mostly?)CONS:limited options for clothes (but you can texturize them)no faceposing for garry's mod (although achievable if you animate them for both gmod and sfm and copy the face flexes from the sfm model's QC)the ""animate model"" button in the app honestly needs an improvementcharacter faces need to look more natural and not uncanny valley (imo)wish there was a creature update for this (the brute pack doesn't count)the site should honestly accept fuse files, because the app is made/owned by the site itselfso, that's my thoughts on Fuse.thank you for reading, and have a nice day!-UPDATE-I recently came across news that the Fuse makers took out the ""port to Gmod/SFM option due to ""stability issues"". well, now since that all of my work assembling characters went completely out of the window. I guess I'm gonna uninstall this now."
,Not Recommended,257400,29785098,Posted: 8 February,all,Joe Clueless,"Exporting to source filmmaker removed, gg."
,Not Recommended,257400,31148123,Posted: 14 April,all,Mononc Pator,"I am disappointed with this software. Fuse 1.3 is free, sure, but it lacks content. And by what's been going on lately, I doubt they will ever add anything anymore.Fuse 2.0 is no better. I expected the content to be the same BUT updated, instead I got something Adobe tried (for some reason) to look more realistic. So now you get scanned characters, no means to import the original Fuse database, ugly as ♥♥♥♥ zombies, and a confusing Adobe ID membership that makes me fear to receive a $10,000 bill way past overdue for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ software I used like... twice in a year.Let me explain: Ever since I revisited Fuse on Adobe CC, the software was STILL in a ""preview"" state, with a 500 days free licence attached to it. Looking at the ""about"" section, there's no mention of any time limit anywhere, especially not on the Adobe CC website itself.Whatever. At least I still have access to the dumbass test uploads I made with my Mixamo account. The character animations are now free, when back then -if I recall correctly- the price range was so high I would have been better just doing the work from scratch instead. With little to no involvement from the community on Fuse 1.3, there's little hope to find a decent database for this software.All in all, I'm not mad, Mixamo. I'm just disappointed."
,Recommended,257400,13679485,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,digimortal81,To everyone bashing the program learn how to use it.  In less than twenty minutes I made my character/uploaded it to Mixamo/ autorig on the mixamo site/downloaded the .fbx/ran the autorig controls cript and now I have a character ready to fully animate in Maya.  If you understood how long that would take from scratch you would never complain and whine.  This is a godsend of a program.
76561197961090686,Not Recommended,257400,16266993,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,PsychoJim,"As with one of the other reviewers, I feel cheated having bought this software during the sale only to find out a couple of weeks later the software has become totally free. It really does appear as though the software was put up for sale to grab money knowing they were selling out to Adobe."
76561198079265559,Not Recommended,257400,16179825,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,[RPG] CoyoteX,"They hired Adode to rob us. Goes on sale one days... sells its SOUL to Adobe the day after. If you paid for this app, i feel bad 4 u."
,Not Recommended,257400,30404813,Posted: 9 March,all,Mighty Joe,"What's there to say? Adobe, the greedy SOB's who will one day rot in Hell, bought this and shafted their fans/user base just like they've always done--not satisfied owning anything? That's just great, because we knew you'd love to have yourself a rental instead. You were using that thing we owned? Well, @#$% you, stupid customers! We're ADOBE!!!Adobe and Microsoft and Autodesk can all go @#$% themselves in a rolling donut. When the revolution comes, you're the first to go up against the wall.Free garbage to take up your hard drive, your life, and your time while sucking all of the air and color out of anything within reach of its grubby grasp."
,Recommended,257400,15999285,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Lucian [T.C.],"From what I want to use it for, it's working pretty well. You can create a good deal of diverse body types that are instantly available for GMod. That's right, Fuse makes them into ragdolls INSTANTLY; physics and all.My only gripe is I dunno if they can do faceposing yet, but since I'm going to replace the heads with non-faceposed ones, it's not a problem.Buy it at a discount, like I did."
,Not Recommended,257400,18837165,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,[TGM] ZioYuri78,Liars and scammers.
,Not Recommended,257400,29911688,Posted: 13 February,all,Loris,"When it was released it looked okay, but it's a very limited software, with too cartoon-ish characters. When we play 3D indie games that used this software we say ""Oh, ♥♥♥♥, another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game using Fuse"" and that's sad. Characters look ugly as ♥♥♥♥ and there aren't many clothes & accessories, so the characters end up looking the same.  Avoid this software, it's not really BAD but it's kinda useless... (and don't trust the screenshots).Also, Adobe recently (a year ago ?) bought the software and they are removing the only good features.It was only good to make nice SFM models.3/10"
,Not Recommended,257400,9703631,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Gremanz,"Strictly speaking, the product IS acceptable for its price... BUT the video & images give the impression that you're getting ""The Sims"" style modelling. This is not the case, and I would actually call it false advertising. Content is very lacking, the body parts doesn't fit, very limited selection and ZERO sliders, you can't change anything. Shape, eyes, nose or anything like that.You can Grow or Shrink bodyparts but that's all there is.GOOD:- I like the style of the characters, toon-ish.BAD:- Price, content, lacking of sliders & models... yeah pretty much everything."
,Recommended,257400,15989547,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Lamachen,"Im using steam since many years now and i have to say... I can not remember anything that is as UNDERRATED as this software ! (right now 56 %).Some negative reviews complain about an auto-rig limit. This got removed and its completely unlimited now !There are also complaints about further costs after buying this program. But that is not really true. You can buy additional stuff like animations and body parts, but there is no need too... they deliver many highly customizable body parts and clothes for free ! They also give you basic (they call it basic... i thinks its already much more) high quality animations for free ! (AND it gets more and more...)Working with this program is very easy and good organized. I had no problem at all and could see my mediavel character running around in unity in less then 1 hour.The character model is completely deformable to whatever kind of human or even scary creature you like. The textures on the character and clothes are very customizable. You can also import your own custom content! Is you character done, you can upload and auto-rig it (a matter of seconds).If this is done, you can simply download it and use your own animations OR visit the really nice store (where you can find also the free animation set). Inside this store can you see any animation you may want to buy instantly on your own uploaded character and see if this is what you need! The prices are for me definitely justified.This software is actively developed and gets more and more content and features. Developers do actively answer to reviews and ask for a survey after registering on there website, to improve their service even more. Features and prices are transparent and listed there, also on steam. I believe that they stand behind their products.I bought it at a 75% sale for 23 € (i feel very very guilty!).You will nowhere get so many models and textures for 93€ ! Not even talking about customizable models, textures and the free animations... (and maybe more stuff i did not even notice until now)Thanks for all of this!EDIT:You may have noticed that fuse is free now. I am a little bit confused about the idea of putting this software on sale and then make it some days later free... Im not sure where its going, but i can say that i still do NOT regret my decision. They deserver money for their work like everyone else too !"
,Not Recommended,257400,29494916,Posted: 25 January,all,recon,removing the main reason people buy your software.thanks.
,Not Recommended,257400,29600339,Posted: 30 January,all,Noba671,"Litrally the biggest waste of $40 bucks EVER! Yeah, I bought this program before it was free and since then they have removed the only reason any normal person on this sight would want it. No more Gmod player creation or SFM creation possibilities. It even lies in a screen shot saying you can still use it for source film maker. Dont bother waisting your library space."
76561198052008278,Not Recommended,257400,29522421,Posted: 27 January,all,jonysambel,"Not affiliated with Source Filmmaker again, not worthed."
,Recommended,257400,15934916,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,KINGDEATHMORE,I use this to make sfm models and models for games I am creating. If your a serious sfm'er I recommend. If you need lots of human-like 3d models this is for you. I love this and recommend it.Also please add tf2 pyro clothes.
,Not Recommended,257400,16461503,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,LEX,"This is a good software, but after the Adobe acquired the Mixamo , this software is free now? what the hell man. I wasted my money for a free software?"
,Not Recommended,257400,29597133,Posted: 30 January,all,Fennecai,extremely filthy buisness tactics here.
76561197971355609,Recommended,257400,16004630,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Keluvar,"Great and simple piece of software and a real bargain as now with unlimited auto-rigging.   I will be using for export to FBX for Unity 5.x.On that score, developers, it would be really great if you could create some armour/helmet/medieval-ish clothing prefabs for fuse 1.4???"
,Recommended,257400,30159475,Posted: 24 February,all,Jesus Christ™,i actually like it and its still possible to upload to unreal
76561197992215086,Recommended,257400,25739733,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Edreyn,Ultra useful body designer.
76561198010827924,Not Recommended,257400,13119940,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Santino,"If you plan to use these models for game development then don't bother. Polycount is way too high.Mixamo could very easily offered you the low poly version option, as it's already stored on their database.But the idea is that you purchase the monthly decimator plan which will set you back £50 a month. yep thats right folks, that's a lot of money. And you don't even know if it will do a good job of decimating your model.Look around before you buy this, there're much better alternatives."
76561198073569978,Not Recommended,257400,19625122,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,KEGIC,"I am completely dissapointed at the staff of Mixamo. After they sold out to Adobe, they eventually canceled many of their popular output formats (Unreal Engine 4, Source Filmmaker, Gmod, etc.). So now indie developers no longer have the option to create easy characters or use animation packs with their projects. They literally made it now so that you have to tear your hair out now due to an alternate and complicated conversion process. Long story short, unless you have the smarts for 3D conversion or the really expensive industry applications for animation, you're basically screwed with FUSE."
,Not Recommended,257400,29392079,Posted: 20 January,all,Minnesota Menace,"Since the acquisition by adobe, this is useless."
,Not Recommended,257400,29187047,Posted: 11 January,all,Yuri AF,"GMod, SFM, D2 download types being discontinued.And I paid money for this.Bring these download types back. I don't care when, but bring them back."
,Not Recommended,257400,8611011,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Father Smashmas,"A fun little programme, FUSE is a modeling programme that allows you to... Well, make models. It has a few limitations, such as limited textures and body parts, although a recent patch added a few new things. It's a start for people who want to make their own models, especially for Source Film Maker.The Good:Entertaining to useYou can inflate a character's head and give them a tiny bodyYou can give guys bikinisThe textures are alrightThe Bad:Textures are limited and anything you want to add costs moneyYou need to use a third party modeling programme to make the models compatible with SFMYou are limited to only two free auto-riggings on the Maximo websiteYou're sent to the Maximo websiteSo yes, it has a lot of flaws, but it's a start.A start.Start."
,Not Recommended,257400,29673299,Posted: 3 February,all,Woman Pleaser,"not compatible with SFM anymore, ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,257400,29971012,Posted: 16 February,all,Ӄit ßallarɖ,"I did use this to make a new char for Gmod, but it didn't even rig the face like it's supposed too, on top of not being properly scaled. And then reading that this no longer supports GMod/SFM exporting just totally trashes any solid use of it. Yeah, I could just use it from my Maya work, but all I ever get is OBJ's, with don't have bones. So yeah, avoid. They boned us who originally bought it, they'll bone you free users too."
,Not Recommended,257400,31419547,Posted: 28 April,all,novafox,Please do not buy this software.
76561198021444129,Recommended,257400,12851295,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Jstrike900 | trade.tf,"I have no idea how to rate this.I have to say this now as I both love and hate this program.On one hand you can make really cool stuff really fast,but on the other hand actually using this stuff has quite a few problems.Again I love making models on this program(though I think this needs more options other than just human man and human woman/zombie counter parts)but I had to constantly try to get the program to upload my characters but despite constantly trying to get a model uploaded.I only managed to get one through and It did not go through with facial animations or any of the free animations they provided despite following the instalation as instructed.It may be due to user error but the fact that I waisted a good two hours trying to get one character through does bother me.I would still recomend this program though to the developers I say this.Please try to fix your servers to operate a bit more effectively,and if you can try to offer more than the ability to make only two characters(if you can)per week for free as it does tend to slow project progression if I wish to use this software for films."
,Recommended,257400,29847829,Posted: 11 February,all,Overlord Surge,"I like it, I may use it for dev in Unity, but dang I wish it wasn't owned by Adobe now.If you create a Mixamo/Adobe account, you can upload your model and export for Unity there, which is nice.  I got the software after the ended support for exporting to SFM, etc. and since I never use those, that aspect hasn't affected me as much as it has affected others.I have no idea how to import to Blender with the textures intact.  When you export as a .obj file (I believe), all of your textures are saved as .png?  If anybody can help me with that or point me in the right direction, please reply to this review, heh.In all honesty, I do like the software - the Steam version's free - but Adobe's acquisition of it basically takes away any thought of me getting the latest, Non-Steam version.  Nothing against Adobe, it's just Adobe is expensive and everything seems to be subscription-based.  Not terribly interested in a ""demo"" or ""free-trial"" of the latest Fuse.EDIT: Also, I might mention that giving a male character a muscular torso causes some comical side views when you put clothes on.  Erm, a muscular torso shouldn't cause clothes to jut out so much.  He looked like a barrel or something from the side.  Just sayin'.  If that isn't fixed, just go with a fit torso.  You're looking at the clothes and not the actual torso, anyway."
,Recommended,257400,29612296,Posted: 31 January,all,JMATheHomie,What i think about it is that it's not really great for sfm and gmod things but it can be used for unity3d. And it can be used with maya for animations.
,Recommended,257400,11584904,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,PorygonZ,"You're going to WANT to download things from the community forums... You CAN just use everything they give you, but it is a little (very) limited. Amazing all around though. Very easy to use. A powerful tool. 8/10 !"
,Recommended,257400,14289095,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,RelativePierce,"I can't believe I didn't rate this yet, so here it is. First of all after reading some of the negative reviews, I realized most of them are complaining about the software not giving free animation to the characters. Now if you stretch it extremely far, yes the software itself does not give free animation, however, the software offers generated characters, texture customization, model export for more customization in 3D modeling softwares, 2 auto-rigging per week (best thing eva). Also, although the software itself does not deal with animation, but since you can auto-rig it, you can just download the FREE animation sequences from their site, or animate it yourself.Pros:-Fantastic NPC generator for low budget or hobby developers-2 Free auto-rig per week, ready to be animated by yourself or by free animation sequences on their site-Can be exported as obj, and remodel in 3D softwares-Easy and simple to useCons:-Does not offer the best quality in modelling-Can only create human or zombie so far :lOverall:If you are looking for character generator, you got it. Don't want to model lame npc characters? This is your choice. Rigging is a pain in your♥♥♥♥♥ Free rigs for you :DIf you are looking for a magic software that will create AAA lvl characters with flawless animation, then keep dreaming."
,Recommended,257400,13274764,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ⓎⒺⒺ ✪ WOLVERINE ✪,"For a 3d noob like myself, the ability to make characters and have themrigged for free ( I think 1 or 2 a week ) made complete sense  for use in source film maker.I would like to see more hair options."
,Not Recommended,257400,32225989,Posted: 6 June,all,Altiveda,greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197979918467,Recommended,257400,12829586,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Thammuz,"This is a great tool, hjowever, it is a tool whose intent is usually misunderstood by the people who try/buy it.This is a tool for 3D artists, not regular schmucks. It has a very small starting pool of assets that is there not to actually use them (although you can) but to familiarise yourself with the system.The actual purpose of this tool is to give 3D modelers and artists a quick way to reuse assets by making everything modular.Why bother making 6 different models with the same uniform? why bother going in there and editing the models individually every time? Just export the uniform and import it in Fuse, then you can apply it on pretty much anything, change materials, change shapes and so on.It relies on your own abilities, and needs you to be able to create your own assets, which to people like me is an immediate showstopper, but can be great for someone with the right skills.Bottom line: This is a great product for ARTISTS. If you think this is going to be ""I am a strong and independent programmer who don't need no artist"", you are sorely mistaken.Still, it'll allow you to make some passable proof of concept models for a prototype or even some passable models for games where you don't look to closely at the characters, like an RTS or a top down game of any kind.Must buy for small teams, in my opinion, adopting it now will save you hours of work down the line."
,Recommended,257400,12826060,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,LeeLoy,I'd suggest for people who loves to make Machinima on Garry's Mod / SFMyou can make a model with your style also can export to SFM/GMOD ragdoll for work.the fuction in this program is easy to use also it doesn't take much time to render but you need the internet connection toupload your model into website storage and download it again.Caution : you need to resize the model if you want to use on GMOD.
76561197970617028,Recommended,257400,13553136,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,warlock[ads],"An excellent Product, simple to use."
,Recommended,257400,19601339,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,KTeam1,"This software is great!  If you are creating 3D games or movies, you can make quickly make customized character models complete with costumes, instantly add a skeleton (this is usually a time consuming and difficult process in modeling tools) and even get a ton of animations for the model that drop into nearly any game engine or 3D animation software.  Take a look sometime at the content packages for sale on the Unity or Unreal store, and you will see that you could easily pay thousands of dollars for LESS content.I know that some people feel cheated that they paid for the software and now it has been made free (temporarily?) I paid for the software and couldn't be any more pleased to have done so and supported the developers.  There is no way I could have afforded to have so many unique, quality characters in my games with AAA quality animations without the Mixamo tools.So in short, I recommend that you get this software NOW and start building a character and animation library while all of the tools are free.  I can't imagine that they will leave something this valuable free forever."
76561198027083929,Not Recommended,257400,13884609,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Sammy West,"First of all, Great idea! I love the ease that it is to create a character through this program. The fact that you can manipulate the nose, mouth, face, torso, brests, and other aspect is awesome! I have spent many hours fooling around with fuse.Yes its great except for the fact that it has like 7 or 8 different uv maps you have to work with! I noticed that as you export the model, that the parts such as torso, arms, legs, eyelashes, and teeth and more are not attached so manually rigging a character is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ You almost have to delete them in order to get a quick rig up unless you want to take the time to paint all the little teeth and strey verticies to the proper bone. I am highly dissapointed because I can't be working with 8 to 10 different uv map when i need to export it into a game engine like unity 3d. I need one complete mapped rig. It seperates it way too much. It should have a auto join feature so that its easier to manually deal with rather then having too go through freaking maximo.Now another thing that i've noticed about there auto rigger, its a great idea, but the prices are ♥♥♥♥ing rediculous. I am not going to pay 50 dollars for a rig when it mixes up its weights. I mean some of the clothes become intertwined because they seem to over lap. ♥♥♥♥hies are one of the examples of this glitch. I am not going to sit around and wait a week or month when I have been learning how to rig on my own. I can make mistakes and fix them better then any auto rigger.I have tried joining all the verticies together in blender, done automatic weight paints, and even seperate importing the character multiple times, and you always have to re map the character when you do. For all the trouble that wuold take to work out, It is almost worth it just to create your own base and deal with it that way rather then having to relearn a new program thats gonna make it that much harder to map and paint.The developers need to have the program create a single mesh, not chop it up into 5 or 6 different objects. Thats the biggest complaint i have as it severely makes it much more diffacult to work with in unity 3d and other game engines. In blender its tough to parent one armature with 5 to 6 different objects at once. It makes it that much harder also to paint all the correct weights in the right bones if your doing it using auto weights, or even mainual panting.If this is fixed I would be greatfull for any updates, if not then im glad i got this on sale for only 25 bucks because this is rediculous on how this company tries to intice and force you into buying rigs from maximo. This is the exact problem with software studios these days.Right now its a great idea, but poor execution of this program. They are really gonna need to rewrite the way this works for me to be happy with this purchace."
,Recommended,257400,19725709,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Mike Mow'em,Why
,Not Recommended,257400,17191396,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,iPak,"ДА ИДИТЕ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, Я ПОТРАТИЛ ДЕНЬГИ НА НЕЕ, А СЕЙЧАС ОНА БЕСПЛАТНАЯ, ДА ЕЩЕ ТАМ НАДО ДОНАТИТЬ ЧТОБ БЫТЬ ПРЯМ ВАЩЕ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ННЫМ"
76561198048547714,Recommended,257400,19044817,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,MooreBen,Great product! Gets rid of lots of the reduncy of building assets. Can't wait to see what happens with Mixamo!
76561198031173308,Not Recommended,257400,15942479,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,p_metcalfe,"The actual package seems okay to me but I am not impressed by the claim of free animating/rigging as I got a screen wanting $15. Needles to say, I won't be uploading any models for animating/Rigging. So unless I have misinterpreted the 'FREE' bit, I would not recommend unless you are prepared to pay out extra for the FREE bits."
76561198048048152,Recommended,257400,16429579,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,⌠IP⌡ALEX/(ITA)/,"Fuse is quite a very interesting character development app.It allows to create a lot of different characters with the help of those nice tools.If you want to transform your fantasy in a character, Fuse is a great app to do that.The best thing is that it is free! It costed 100$ before, now it is incredibly FREE!I'm sorry for those who payed for it, but nobody knew it was going to be free.Sometimes it turns a bit laggy and new moustache/beards/hairstyles can still be added to complete it at 100%.It isn't only made to create characters as a way of relax, but also to make them suitable for other apps and games such as Gmod or SFM.Vote: 9/10"
,Not Recommended,257400,22507638,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,ＮＯＳＴＡＬＧＩＣ,wtf.
,Not Recommended,257400,22013825,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Ptilly,
,Not Recommended,257400,15685776,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,shinmai　◃▷　²🇫🇷🇺🇳🇰₂🇩🇺🇨🇰,"Welp, since first going from paid to free, and then being bought by Adobe, Fuse CC is now available in Creative Cloud. There have been no updates to the software in a year, but everything is plastered with  ""Beta"" this and ""limited time"" that. When the Adobe purchase was first announced, people doubted it'd make any difference, but here we are.Pity to see a decent piece of software circling the drain like this."
,Not Recommended,257400,29675995,Posted: 3 February,all,chad,not great game
,Recommended,257400,30223740,Posted: 27 February,all,Kre,Need more boobs
,Recommended,257400,9865992,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,The Mercenary,"Amazing program! If you are interested in making items for your character on SFM, this is a definite must have! Mixamo has really outdone themselves with this one. Also, check out their auto-rigger on their site! Thanks for everything guys!"
,Recommended,257400,11987786,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Mateodon,"Let me say that the blue thumbs up here is more of an ""acceptable vs. the competition"" than a ""10 out of 10 must buy!"".  On the contrary this is niche software that I would only recommend to people looking to quickly make unique characters in bulk.Before we get to pros and cons let me elaborate on my previous statements.  ACCEPTABLE VS. THE COMPETITION:  honestly there's not much competition in the standalone 3D character creation market, the most notable being DAZ3D and MakeHuman.  DAZ produces very high quality characters but the costs and licensing are a huge turn off.  MakeHuman is free and open source, but making more than a basic model requires a fair amount of research and experience.  I have found Fuse to be the most user friendly option, with ideal quality levels for realtime use, and a decent range of content, at a reasonable price.RECOMMEND TO PEOPLE LOOKING TO QUICKLY MAKE UNIQUE CHARACTERS IN BULK:  If you only want to make a few detailed characters with unique features and apparel, you might become frustrated with Fuse's selection and limitations.   However Fuse is great for making groups of characters with enough variety that each will look unique.  I suppose a good example would be a party with 20 guests, nobody wants to hand sculpt 20 models, but you also don't want to reuse the same generic background character 20 times. 20 unique characters can quickly be made with Fuse, and the party wont look like a clone convention.PROS:Ease of use, the UI is simple and clean, pick parts with the click of your mouse, customize with sliders, easy.Balance of quality, the meshes are game optimized while maintaining enough detail to be used for close ups.CONS:Exports static objects, this is my main gripe with Fuse, your purchase allows you to customize T-posed models only.  I'm sure just about everyone reading this is intending to pose and/or animate their characters, which requires skinning and rigging.  You can do this yourself in a 3D modeling program like Blender, however the process is tedious and sort of defeats the purpose of using a separate character creation program.  The creators of Fuse conveniently offer an auto-rigging service for the price of $50 per model.  Admittedly you get 2 free auto-rigs per month with the purchase of Fuse, the above 20 party guests example would either cost $900 or 10 months to complete, and suddenly DAZ3D's pricing seems less absurd.Limited selection, you can make humans and zombies, and you can clothe them in modern business/casual attire, Fuse also has a few torn bloodied clothes and a handful of medieval outfits.  If you wish to use something like sci-fi or military clothing you'll need to create the models yourself in a 3D modeling program and import them into Fuse.  There is a fair selection of substances, however there is no support for importing texture images (.png, .bmp, etc.) so to get custom textures in you'll need to use Substance Utilities (Google it).  However the skin substance is non-replaceable, you can make the skin any color you wish and adjust settings like age and freckles, but it will always have a fleshy texture.  If you want to make a model with lizard-scales, or metallic skin, or such, there is no way to do that in Fuse.In short, Fuse is great for producing T-posed characters in modern civilian, medieval or undead fashion, everything else will require further investments of time and/or money."
,Recommended,257400,10911140,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,8Z,"Quite a nice software, it might not be worthy its orignal price, but totally worth the 20$ during the sale.Haven't used it to its fullest, but it looks VERY promising."
,Recommended,257400,12836558,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,NiedCl AkA Vanilla,"I am completely satisfied with the results given in GMod -at least- and I'm planning to use this in the future with SFM.The first thing I'd like to point out is that it basically works in slightly older pc's, like mine (HP pavilion dv4), and even if sometimes it takes like 30 seconds to load a model, clothing or change in the textures I think the time is worth it, because I was happy with my first Creation.The created model also included some features that surprised me after the auto-rigging phase, like being finger-poseable, which is extremely useful when using guns or 'accessories' in my screenshots (I honestly didn't thought about that when I bought this Software).I have yet to test more of the settings and features of Fuse, and I'm sure it won't dissapoint me.Everyone have a nice day.tl;dr 11/10"
,Recommended,257400,10288386,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,comminsar,"A brilliant way to quickly mock up character models for game development. A handy tool at a astonishingly low price considering what it is. Well supported with updates, instead of making it all DLC you have to pay for. This has made me much more likely to buy products from these guys in the future, in regards to game development stuff."
,Recommended,257400,12066944,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Muhammad Al bin kebab,"worth the money despite all the negative reviews, i would like it if they added a function to create models in high poly or low poly though, only one poly count is currently given for export. also, it would be nice if they had more hair styles but i can edit the mesh in c4d to make them look diffrent so that isnt a priority. the deciding factor that made me choose to get this was that you get 2 free rigged characters from fuse every week. over all i would give this program a 7/10 right now. keep adding more features and the review will only get better."
,Not Recommended,257400,13539233,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dr.Sauce,"Allows you to save some time making a base mesh for previous generation game content.Not much content.Proportions are weird and anatomy is not spot on.As so, price is too high."
,Recommended,257400,13450492,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Nerdy Gal,Cool piece of kit only problems areis crashed when adding a pattern once & didnt autosave modelnot any easy to find instructions on adding custom assestsThis kit is worth it when a sale comes along and is very easy to create models for SFM
,Not Recommended,257400,10987058,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,a1varez,Well.. Easy to use but VERY limited.. I'm very disappointed.. Take my advice and don't waste your money with this software.
76561198031947618,Not Recommended,257400,11187492,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,giturox,Basically does nothing useful and it is poorly executed. Anatomy is wrong and you can't really use what you generate for anything. It is expensive to buy anything and is for one time use only. Do not waste your money and look elsewhere!Value for money: 1 of 10Ease of use: 9 of 10Features in offline use: 0 of 10Usefullness in other programs: 4 of 10 (I suppose some software can use it?)Total verdict: 1 of 10
76561198055487913,Not Recommended,257400,23301181,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Crazy-Potato,"It's like a poor SaintsRow II modeler but with 1/8 of the customizable options for clothes,hair,props,ect.It's rigging website while ok does not do face rigging.No community that adds to this softwear that i've been able to find3/10 do not buy untill a community/ workshop is added"
76561198027516589,Not Recommended,257400,15693260,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,muttonchoptim,"Very limited clothing choices, especially in regards to making fantasy/medieval based characters.I did not make it to rigging a character, mainly because decent options of clothing/armor were not made available."
,Not Recommended,257400,15857226,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Colinbine,"Was a good program to use and I loved it. But, after you export 1 ragdoll, it becomes a pain to export any others. I'm really angered that I paid $120 for something that is difficult to use."
76561198077677938,Recommended,257400,16165905,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,schizoider,"Excellent software overall. It has some growing to do, which is expected for such ambitious software. However, if you combine this with Blender or another modeling app, you can do wonders with custom character creation and animation."
,Recommended,257400,30218442,Posted: 27 February,all,⎰❤MommaWind❤⎱,I love Fuse the only probelm is the webpage to view animation's and character's take's to long to load on my end.
76561198259992305,Recommended,257400,29805882,Posted: 9 February,all,GeneO,can created models from fuse be used in game guru?
76561198235722476,Recommended,257400,30020681,Posted: 18 February,all,SANDVICH KING (GWEP),good to use for beginners to character makeing its simple to use
,Recommended,257400,12832032,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,JetDragon1656,"This is not a bad piece of software to make a 3D character, however... don't buy at full price. I got this for 20 dollars in the summer time during steam's summer time sale and that's pretty much the price I recommend anyone to buy this for. There is a lot of stuff that they can add to this that isn't there now such as more clothes to choose from and more choice in skin types . Also, it would cool if you could adjust the cloths on the characters you make, but they don't have that. I know the ones I have tried creating, the clothing just doesn't look right when added to it but that's me just being picky. It's a good software, but definatly don't buy at full price."
,Recommended,257400,11916151,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Latimera,This software has come a long way since I first got it. The Devs have added so much new content. Best of all they added an extremely easy way to export your models to Source. This is great for making your own custom characters to play with in source or Mixamo! 8/10
,Recommended,257400,13233443,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,[DKS]Myrrdraal[F],"This is by far the easiest character creator / generator that I have ever used.  I have tried all the other major offerings of similar type and function that are out there currently.  This software, (FUSE), by a long shot tops them all for ease of use and modability / extendability.  Adding custom content is a breeze and the direct upload to mixamo is flawless.The one downside is out-of-the-box content.  It's a bit sparse right now, but the last update cycle added a plethora of new items and customization options.4 Stars!"
76561197995251803,Recommended,257400,12287095,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,SuperSoft,A very healthy application. No high-heels for ladies.
,Recommended,257400,11604716,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Sullki,"I cannot even understand what the fuss is about. This software is fantastic. This company is fantastic. Yeh it's a bit costly if you want to make 10 characters a week, but where else are you going to get this done? Wait, what's that you say? Speak up. OOOH your local 3d animator? I see, and how much does he charge per hour again? You're going to buy it for £37.99? Yeh that's what I thought. You think the full price is fair as well? Yeh me too.Good job Mixamo for sorting your pricing etc. since Fuse 1.0 launch. This company is under-rated."
76561198076554697,Recommended,257400,11596249,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Kadu Louzzone,"[ENG]Highly RecommendedI bought the FUSE when he appeared on STEAM and I was impressed, my organic modeling skills were very weak at the time, I was always the type that models objects when I had the chance to use a program that would facilitate my work so much I was thrilled. And this was long before adding the blendshapes and add more variations of clothing. The models themselves are very well crafted and great for animation. Nowadays I use the FUSE meshes with the face carved in the base model of the software, it's easy for me to do custom bodies and gives me more time to detail the faces in a sculpting tool. Do rigging and skinning weights is not exactly easy or fast, but the Mixamo offers some autorigs free weekly and I really like the result, even if the rig has more than one layer of clothing. The clothes are easily customizable after adding the ability to import objects. In the end if your a hobbist or a one-man-army team (like me) this can be a very useful tool you. Thanks Mixamo I really like your work. And now has the package shaders I already used the ""shadier"" that enhanced transparency hair. And most importantly in my case I will not have to do the blendshapes of all 30 characters in the game to use with Faceplus the Autorig already does.And you can do something like this when you customize the FemaleFitA in my case I did in Blender:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=331345570"
,Recommended,257400,12331117,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Merdic,been using it for a couple hours now. You need a work station graphics card for it to run smoothly. Even with the poly counts as low as they are still requires graphic power.
76561198052260884,Recommended,257400,11752755,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,phoenixtalon,"I was cautious before buying Fuse given previous bad luck some Mixamo products many moons ago.  But Fuse is a good offering from Mixamo.  The bare bones:Pros:Easy To Use - I can't think of a 3D human generation program that's easier to use (even easier than MakeHuman).Output - I can export to exaclty what I need to make the model work in Unity or Source.Animation Variety - I'm not a fan of how Mixamo does animation, so I have many other animations I use with Unity's mecanim system.  The free model rigs are mecanim compatible with some settings changes.Free Rigging - This is a huge deal for me because I am slow at rigging (can take me a day for one model), and Fuse does it in 2 minutes online.  This greatly improves my workflow, and you get two free per week.Substances, Shaders, Colors - This is a great feature.  If you couldn't change the colors and substances of clothing, I wouldn't recommend the program.  This allows for variety with some tweaking.  This means you can have models wearing the same outfit, but it will look different because you can change the coloring/patterns.Import Own Assets - I haven't figured out how to do this yet.  You can't just drag and drop (bummer).  You have to tweak your models and textures, and I just don't have time to play with it at the moment.  But I can imagine this being a huge deal later.Free Animations - There are some free Mixamo animations online, and plenty of paid ones.  I think you can also request certain animations.  I don't use Mixamo animations, so this is kinda meh for me.Cons:Clothing Limitations: There's not much variety included.  There are only so many parts to choose from for body parts and clothing.  If you want a soldier, you have cammo tops and bottoms, but no helmet.  If you want chainmail and plate armor, I hope you brought your own to the fight, because you can't get it here.  I really hope they fix this, and start including more clothing options.  Otherwise, this program is going to become useless fast.Overlapping Meshes - I know it's hard to get clothing meshes to not overlap, but I really expected more compatibility especially given the lack of clothing options.  For example, jeans and boots overlap each other, and the worst part is you don't have a lot of choice in the matter because you can't change the meshes of the clothing.  I think the program should allow users to change the clothing meshes slightly to avoid this problem.Aging - Fuse has a rather humorous wrinkle overlay, and that is how you make age differences.  You can make your standard 20-30 something adult just fine, but you can't have realistic elders over 40, and no kids / teens in your world.  This needs to be fixed.Mesh Limitations - If I want an Orc I shouldn't have to take the model into another program to alter it enough to look like an Orc, then bring it back into Fuse to rig it.  Nor should I have to take time to reformat my own model to bring it into Fuse, just to have it auto rigged.  This is my biggest negative about Fuse.  The whole point of having a bipedal humanoid model maker, is to include all these options inside the program.  If you can have pointy ears, then you should be able to have pointy teeth, droopy cheeks, knobby knees and elbows, etc.  There are sliders for almost every part of the body, but they are incredibly limited.Overall, this ia a good program with A LOT of potential.  The list price as of the date I'm writing this is $99, but it's on sale for $49.  I really feel like $49 is what it's worth with all these cons I have.  So I don't feel cheated, and I would recommend this program for the indie modeler as long as it stays at $49.  If more clothing content is added, and the bulk of the cons are fixed, then it might be worth $99.  Especially considering that MakeHuman is free, and includes no clothing, substances, or free rigging.  So really, that's what you are paying for."
,Recommended,257400,12861318,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Schar,"I have to officially excuse myself for providing wrong informations about the software.Since i hadn't read all the information on the steam shopsite, i made a crucial error for writingthe review that you can find below.Since you can use the characters (with small breaks) i have to change my opinion and can only recommend the software for it's easy to use principe.Just as BadTertle wrote, you can Auto-Rig two models by purchase and two models every week,so even if you made your creation in record time, i recommend to take care for the details, so that every model you create has his own character.By changing the textures you can make create many variations of the same T-Shirt or trouser,so the limited content of clothings doesn't reach it's end too early, if you make use of it.----Old Review -------------------------------------------------------------------Can't Recommend the Software for any person that isn't using it for commercial purposes.If you just want to have fun by creating your own models for importing them to Garrys Mod or SFM you have to pay 50$ per Model (or 25$ per Month). Reason for that is, that you can create and upload your model for free, the programm that adds bones to the model is called the Auto-Rigger. When you upload your model (like it is showed at the video), it automaticly starts the auto rigger.If you cancel that process you can't download/export it as mdl file, which would be needed for GMod or SFM.They write that you can use the Auto-Rigger twice, sadly there isnt a manually usable rigger for creating bones.Since Steam is build for private persons and not for companys i'm a bit disappointed that i bought a software which would create further costs of $25/month to use it fully.The software itself is easy to use, if you reconsider to buy it, i can only recommend you to visit first their Site.https://www.mixamo.com/pricingMaybe i will pay later a additional month to finish my startet projects, but still i don't like this kind of business model."
,Recommended,257400,12943950,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,The Sneaky Muffin,"This is coming from the guy who spent about 6 months trying to make one model. To be fair, it was all me trying to figure out Blender and all the other community made tools for exporting to Source Engine. Then I see FUSE on steam. I say to myself ""Hmmm... looks useful, plus the 2 free auto rigs would save me a ton of time. But I'd still have to go through with all the compiling junk where things are bound to go wrong."" Then I see it get updated to export to Source Engine. Then I say,""WOOOOO!!! YAAAAY!"" and mash the ""Add to Cart"" button as many times as possible.And I have not regreted it one bit. It's extremely easy to use. The devs are quite possibly the most community-active I've ever seen. No facial flexes (or even bones) as of 1.3, but thanks to one of those awesome devs I now know that is a very big goal for the next update. (If you're reading this, dev guy, feel free to correct me on that.) And this is just the tip of the proverbial iceberg. Only the iceberg is SOLID GOLD. Mixamo have an entire website just oozing with crazy helpful services. Like what, you may ask? Oh, I don't know, AN AUTOMATIC RIGGER?! THAT ACTUALLY WORKS?! (Unlike some open-source softwares starting with a B that shall remain un-named.) Oh, are those months of time saved not enough for you? What about a HUGE LIBRARY OF ANIMATIONS THAT WORK FANTASTICALLY WITH THE AUTO-RIGGED MODELS? Or if you don't even want to use your own, THEY HAVE AN ONLINE LIBRARY OF MODELS FOR YA TOO. Just do yourself a favor and buy this. If you have any intention on making some characters for Source - or any engine, for that matter - just buy it. They've even got a demo, so you frankly have no excuse to not at least try it.P.S. - If I sound like I'm fanboying here, that's probably 'cause I am. Ya got me!"
76561198025028548,Not Recommended,257400,10939974,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mr. Tweedy,"This software is really just a front end for Mixamo's subsrciption services, which are very expensive.  By itself, it is almost useless.  You can't even pose the models.What you get for the purchase price is just a small library of models that you will need some other modeling software to actually use.  You could get that for free elsewhere.I am trying to get a refund."
,Not Recommended,257400,13530850,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,faggot shit,Should be cheaper.
,Recommended,257400,10942299,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,bean_218,"Fuse itself is a pretty sharp tool, and shows lots of promise.  I can do lots in the actual creation of characters.  Even with my limited artist abilities I am able to create good looking unique characters quickly.  I am an amateur model maker, but I love character creators in RPG's.  I'm the type of player who's first hour in ever RPG is playing with the character creator and seeing what I can build.  This tools outstrips any of those experiences.My only disappointment is that the software is backed by a subscription based service.  It's still a costly subscription based service, for hobbyists and non-commercial modders.  You still need the service to do anything more than create simple characters.  Normally this would kill it for me however...The reason I am switching back is that the developers are very responsive.  There is hope for hobbyist community.  I can't comment on wheter or not this is useful in the professional scene...  but in the *hope* this could become a great tool.  I'll give it the green light."
76561197965851718,Not Recommended,257400,13535195,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,BAXATRON!,Made fugly version of the Heavy from TF2. Was trying to make an elf. 2/10Maybe buy if it's on sale for under 5$
76561198038321290,Not Recommended,257400,13157081,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Herman,Just don't buy it，totally wast of your money，no matter it's 50% or 75% off.
,Recommended,257400,11608689,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Blue.,"Personally i cannot create any of these models myself. 1 week for 2 models is decent because humanoids arent the focus of my game. There are plenty of other stuff to do while waiting for your new rigs.Buy, if you could wait a little bit and you are normally busy with other parts of your game."
,Recommended,257400,11748326,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,SpicyGrandpa,Very easy and intuitive. I used this program for some character modeling and design for a project and it saved me so much time! Its very good for an indie developer as it can easily wrap up character design hurdles that previously would take days to weeks.
,Recommended,257400,9647500,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Zaman,"I think the small variety of high quality characters worth the 50$ and much more just as it is, you can create high quality zombies that would cost you 1000$+ from a pro artist with the rigging.Custom content is a big deal, if you're a 3D artist you know it takes a lot of effort to add something to your character, Fuse does this for you.2 free rigs per week is enough for me, also if you have 3D workflow background you know rigging is one of the most boring things to do, you get high quality rigs for free, its a huge time saver!And the promised features like ""Facial feature adjustment"" & ""More customizable body textures - body hair, makeup, etc"" if done properly would make it a very useful tool for indie game developers.It was easy to get the character into unity and works great with mecanim retargeting system where you can reuse tons of cheap animations from the Asset Store with ease.So don't listen to the others, if you're a pro you know you're getting a good deal for this small price already just with the basic characters, and when the ""Facial feature adjustment"" feature is added then you've got a very good deal."
,Recommended,257400,12883013,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,will smith is eating my soybeans,"This character modeling tool is very simple to use, and that's all I'll say about it"
76561198086980563,Recommended,257400,21203978,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Papanomaly | Pvpro.com,gg
,Not Recommended,257400,29725489,Posted: 5 February,all,Far | eVoipTV,"Pointless, flagged as malware, don't even care if false positive"
,Recommended,257400,12830851,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,cybergebi,"Awesome Software, especially as a programmer, if you are not familiar with 3D modeling. Easy to Use. Many Possibilitys.I also love the Free Content Updates and 2 Free AutoRiggs per Week."
,Recommended,257400,10167441,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,UnReal-4-Life,This is a really neat tool I have been cheacking out. I have always been an artist first so haveing this is a must have for my Ideas.
,Recommended,257400,9240129,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Sharp,"this review is for v1.2. I have to give another thumbs up to mixamo and there support. Fuse is a very good in my opinion easy to use and you are able to upload your own custom assets for it which is 10x greater. I recommend purchasing the product if you want to easly costumized your own characters. Also just like a said a while back, for a purchased product you get 2 free auto-rigs every week (EVERY WEEK!) and with the new update they made, they have added alot more new content shaders are alot better and its one great software I must say. I totally recommend it for purchased.Also to Note: I will not recommend going by peoples reviews to find out how the software is, including my current reviews, I would just buy IF you think and know that it is right and fit for you.0.9The software is good, especially for easy development and time saving for game devs or even movie animators. I'm not sure if they are still doing updates for it but only thing it really need is more features and content for the software, especially selling it for $100. I do have the complete package, it is good and they do give you 2 autorigs every week, not bad. But for $100 we do need more update content and features for the software.1.3 ReviewMixamo has made alot of awesome new updates to the software, It is very easy and very fun to use. Yes to some people there are some limitations but the limit is only your imagination. You are able to import your own custom content into the software with easy. I only recommend this software to modelers who are willing to not only use mixamo's content but also to create your own if you want more."
,Recommended,257400,12565788,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,[FR] RolTom,"I was looking for a quick character generator for Unity. At first, I was a bit disappointed by the limited numbers of available props and clothes.However, I must admit that the character customisation parameters are good, and that the workflow from Fuse to Unity is quite straightforward. The two free Fuse-characters autorigging per week is quite limiting, but for my own use it was enough.If you don't need a very specific clothes set, I thing Fuse may fit your needs !"
,Recommended,257400,11526583,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Keon McKeon,"Okay let me start off by saying. GOD I LOVE MIXAMO. but. they have changed. i noticed they had changed when i went onto unreal engine 4 marketplace and noticed MIXAMO Chracters and animations etc. Mixamo used to be well.....a unity3d exclusive. NOW THERE ADVERTISING ON UNREAL ENGINE? How dare they disrespect us unity developers like that. so another thing....fuse is great...but now became boring as not enough dlc....or heck any dlc. no mods. no nothing. just basic characters with a bloody 2 free rigs per week auto rigger powered by unity (yeah i noticed it was powered by unity :) clever aint i?) which some person could just make in unity themself. mixamo you have gone sooo downhill these past months. fix up and stop wanting money.EDIT FOR FUSE 1.2 [MASSIVE DIFFERENCES WITH THE NEW VERSION]Pros:It is better organizedBetter selection of base modelsNice selection of shirts. Heck nice selection of just about anything. apart from animals. HOWEVER THEY ARE looking into it. unfortunatally its very hard to develop such a thing. trust me i know.Now...The consCons:No zombie hair. like messed up zombie hair. (peaces falling of etc)Not too many free auto rigs. but oh well.I really wish they would have a walking dead zombie style base.MORE Zombie male bases.[Yes im a zombie fan. On greenlight my games are zombies,Heck i love zombies lol]My main concern is. Can FUSE compete with DAZSTUDIO They are very similar. exept daz gives you a hole lot more and lots of rigs. but. BUT. fuse is still very new. daz has been around for quite a while. fuse hasnt. so we got to give them a chance.BIG PROS:They have updated there graphics.They are contantally working (trust me i can tell from the ammount of time these guys have spent playing fuse) jesus christ. xDDevs ESPECIALLY BadTertle. are very helpful and understanding. asoon as they found a bad review they straight away told me to try out fuse 1.2 and heck. why not. so i did...and look what ive madehttp://puu.sh/aJ4EW/ee82956aaf.jpgUPDATE FOR FUSE 1.3:THE NEW GMOD EXPORT FEATURE IS ACE. CHECK THIS OUT. (CHARACTER BY FUSE. SCENE BY GARRY) AAAAAAAAAAAAND yea 0-0http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=338229992&fileuploadsuccess=1I hope this review has been helpful.Truly -Keon"
76561197960549525,Not Recommended,257400,10910813,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Zorgalord,"NopeWaste of money if you're not a pro ready to do more ""in app"" purchases, I wrote ""in game"" first ...If it's on steam I'd thought there would be a head fake that would make it fun to learn.But no.And the ""get a stuff per week"" is a bit lame."
76561198014179514,Not Recommended,257400,11547088,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Seriatum,"AVOID. Fuse is a great idea crippled by an obnoxious business model. Character creation is surprisingly limited (some games probably have equal or better customization options) - the exported models still need a fair bit of work to be useful. You can't animate within Fuse, animations must be purchased from an online repository, and they aren't cheap. Frankly, charging money for a program like this, with a business model like this is a slap in the face - if the base program was free they *might* be able to get away with it. If you need something to quickly prototype it will probably do the trick but that's about it, otherwise it's a waste of time and money."
76561197985075739,Not Recommended,257400,10920962,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Number 41,"This utility is potentially powerful, but the hidden costs are real app killers.   Want more than just a few heads and bodies?  Want to antimate?  Then put down a cool $150 a month for a subscription.  IMHO Not worth it it if you are a hobbyist.  Buyer beware...Kind of unethical actually to hide the true cost of this software the way these guys have."
76561197963484387,Not Recommended,257400,11013056,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,thisismitchell,"Total ripoff. It's good for prototyping quick characters, but you have to use their Mixamo service website to rig characters. A handful of animations and packs are free and you get two rigs free per week, but outside of that most animations or animation sets cost a lot (animations range from $20 - 139, animation packs range from $170 - 400). Only supports import/export of .obj files from the Fuse software. So basically it's blender with fewer modeling/shader options."
,Not Recommended,257400,10986849,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Crowbites,"This software has some pretty deceptive pricing. I picked it up during a steam sale for about 20 dollars (down from 100, which is ridiculous as I found out). With the basic package you basically get the character creator from games like skyrim. If you want to pose/animate/render then you're gonna have to upload it to their website and pay per download... or you can get unlimited downloads for the low low price of 1.5K!!!O.oIf you are willing to spend that much then you might as well get something like poser. That software lets you do everything locally and is more fully featured than this thing, although I will concede that that software is targeted more at rendering than game character creation. Also, cheaper alternatives with much less deceptive pricing are DAZ studio, or even makehuman which is still a bit glitchy but totally free.My personal opinion is if you really want characters for your game, you're better off modelling them yourself or getting someone else to do it for you if you don't want to learn."
76561198050766813,Not Recommended,257400,10914609,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Core,"I recently made a past review of this software and I am very glad and impressed the developers feedback. If any of you are reading this I give you a big thumbs up for your effort and I encourage you to continue these improvments. This software is currently on the right track and I am very impressed with where it is going. However, I feel the need to also include some of the flaws with the current version. I love how your adding more hairstyles and feature and keep up the good work but this is also the most need of improvment. The software itself to the consumers is pricy, to put it modestly, and in the perspective of the consumer I find it hard to recommend to others for its price range. Make sure to keep adding features and eventually It will become one of the best softwares out there. I also find some of the interfaces hard to manage as when I'm adding hairstyes I would like to have a close up on the face. Please keep up the good work, you're doing a great job right now. My final verdict is that this is definatly improving at a great pace; however due to the price point I still cannot recommend it as a product."
,Recommended,257400,12929439,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Gonza (laser eyes),"It's an excellent tool for small and indie game developers. I bought it during a sale, but even paying the full price is totally worth it.There's no other tool that gives you this simplicity, power, and amount of content for this price. Also, the auto-rigging service works pretty well.9/10, awesome tool!"
,Recommended,257400,9657392,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Xepher Corvidae,"EDIT: 6/4/2014the review says yes because it has potential, i would buy it for $10.00 if given the choice, not $100.00i wouldn't recommend buying it YETperformance is greatly improved upon but loading times are still harshCustomizability: also greatly improved and is extremely immerse BUT manually moving objects is pointless as it will skew everything up and make it look ugly or unrealistic, stick to the slidersalso, there is a lack of hair choices for both gendersclothing on female characters tend to glitch out the...uhh...chest area3/28/14 WILL BE UPDATED-THERE IS PRACTICALLY NO CUSTOMIZATIONbody parts work off presets of around 4 each, theres no advanced customization, like you will find in EVE or Skyrimyou cant even change your eye colour-EXTREMELY LAGGYand i have an amazing system-really REALLY expensive!for what its worth, its way too expensive, a whopping $100 punch in the face! luckily i was able to pick this up for 50 on sale"
,Not Recommended,257400,13683814,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Fortisq,"They really give you the bums rush on this product!First don't expect to be able to export your characters into anything withut paying 50$ per.this is what really pisses me off. It's an automated prosses that they charge for. In my mind I payed for a product that should have been free if they are going to charge so mush for exporting. It feels like a very underhanded way to bilk your customers.And 50$ per char is way to much to charge. What do they think they are providing here? I had a try at this and ended up with a script from them to use in unity to animate and control my character, but it didn't work for running and jumping, that costs extra.Stay away from this product, it's a blatent money grab. They have designed a Business model to bilk customers for as much money as possable while providing as little as posable. It's just sick."
76561198115075874,Recommended,257400,12945052,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Sammy_Jackson,AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,257400,29532591,Posted: 27 January,all,cogdot,i like it
,Recommended,257400,29593373,Posted: 30 January,all,Silverguyz 894,"WHY DOES EVERYONE THINK FUSE IS BAD?????!?!??!!?Fuse is REALLY good and i can rig them and animate them, it is AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!you do have to your e-mail though to sighn in to mixamo (to rig/or animate your characters)"
,Recommended,257400,15161954,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,franguer34,"I'm not an animator, but I enjoy sandbox games. I feel that this is a good learning tool at least for me, and it has boobies. lol..."
,Recommended,257400,30177847,Posted: 25 February,all,Nox,You can make hot babes so yeah thats why I like it
,Recommended,257400,11369199,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Puckish,the models cannot be used in source games/ source film maker. you cannot export the auto rigged models to .mdl.
,Recommended,257400,29578166,Posted: 29 January,all,Superior Jacob,yar
,Not Recommended,257400,13355949,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,OK,must paid to instant upload? i cant wait that long for a model...please update more options..
76561198024527602,Not Recommended,257400,9953014,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Skou,"PLEASE READ: You pay this much money for a program, and you expect to get the hole package.DONT BUY.Instead buy Broforce, or maybe rpg maker."
,Recommended,257400,8034759,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,CI_Munchnplay,"fuse is a great product to construct high quality characters in a short amount of time without paying a professional.Saved me money and time , cant argue with that.I am looking forward to see more added as its still early in development, give it a chance and youll see.~lvlrgreen"
,Recommended,257400,9398638,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Tom,good
,Recommended,257400,7791462,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,atmuc,"it great for game developers. You can create your character in few seconds and generate procedural textures in minutes. Mixamo's autorigging service is good if you have just mesh. For this software it is better to have rigging parts with modelling part. so it should have rig with completed character. Mixamo integration is great to have/buy animations easyly. Allegorithmic Substances is very good decision. Fuse, Substances and Unity integration works flawless. Also price is great that you can generate tons of characters. It is at the beginning, i cannot imagine it's future. It will be one of game industry standard like substances.Buy cloth substances package. you can use this package with Fuse, Modo and Unity. Everything is compatible, expandable.Because steam is 95% for game players, please do not confuse this. this is not a game. this is a game development tool."
,Not Recommended,257400,11682644,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,DJFrostBite95,I use my money to buy this thing..
,Recommended,257400,12799334,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,DangDut,"Well, since Fuse is a data-driven modular 3D character creation so I can say it does the job. Creating 3D character is as easy as 123, but it does need lots of improvement, including content addition. Since we don't want all game developer using the same model because all generated using fuse.Easy morph and easy ethic capabilities is what I really what. I came from Asian and I want Asian (face) 3D characters. Not to big to ask isn't it?TL DR Recommended."
76561197994318160,Recommended,257400,7869963,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,john_theArtist,"(This review is based on using Fuse and exporting, rigging, animating (with free animations) and exporting into Unity 4.3 as fast as possible. Which is quite fast if you are familiar with Mixamo's website.)I've been familiar and a member of Mixamo's community for some time now and it's great to see a program that offers character setup to be used directly with the rigging and animation functionality of their website. However there is dramatic ambiguity regarding their free auto-rigging vs. exporting characters and animation for game-ready development.Firstly, Mixamo's auto-rigger isn't automatic, its a watered-down manual rigging interface where the user must specify joints and body parts for the 'auto-rigger' to do it's job. This isn't a game-changer however and it works pretty well - even if it isn't described properly. What is ambiguous about it is that the 'auto-rigger' is only allowed free once a week - which is great for starting out but not really great for those who wish to get a proper character (or read multiple character) workflow out of the box.Once you are finished with your character's rigging you can simply export to Unity 4 and use the 4.3 legacy or Mechanim animation contoller to animate your character. Without proper understanding and education, out of the box users might find this step a bit troubling. I recommend reading in depth about the new animation control that comes with Unity 4.3.If you'd like to use Mixamo's great animations however, those will come at a hefty cost per animation and animation blend states. Prices range from (estimate values) $15 per animation all the way to $1500 a year for unlimited usage of all animations. Fortunately for some there are 12 free animations to use - which I've personally used and they are alright, but nothing to write home about. The really good animations come with a price.Fuse itself is for character creation only, not rigging and animation, which is quite unfortunate considering the potential for this slick program and easy-to-use interface. One would think a user could get more done within the Fuse program itself before exporting to the Mixamo website for futher (the bulk) development of your character. I did not buy Fuse thinking that this was the case, but it became very apparent almost immediately on export to the Mixamo website. With that regard, the workflow is quite the rocky road as there is quite a disconnect between beginning character development and Unity import.While I do recommend Fuse for any developer out there it comes with the caveat that this would not normally be used by any serious development team - not as-is currently out of the box. There are far better and more detailed software out there for creation, development and rigging that do not come with a per-animation or per-rigging price tag (such as Maya, 3DS or even Lightwave) - but you will have to drop quite a few bucks for those software titles anyway.In conclusion, this is great for those starting out, great if you only need 1 or 2 characters for the out of the box price - but if you need more you'll simply have to pay more. Fuse in reality should be a freemium software that comes with a Mixamo account allowing users to build as many characters as they want - and it would add to their great growing database of characters and animations."
,Recommended,257400,8043044,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Burnside,"If you have tons of cash, this is perfect for you."
,Recommended,257400,12827525,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Glennor,"2 free Auto-Rigs for Fuse characters per week. Where my free, or i need wait another week before i receive my free :) Thanks"
76561198080688217,Not Recommended,257400,12831021,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,MadameBerry,NOT happy.
,Recommended,257400,12759984,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Serso,"Very good improvements in version 1.2, the best and easiest software to create characters."
,Recommended,257400,16459506,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SuckerFreeGames,"This software is excellent for it's price and what you get.  Plus the ability to import your own carefully designed cloths and models is a bonus!If you're looking for a base model to build off of, BAM it's here and internally customizable.If you're looking for some people to populate your virtual world, you can make them here!Need some basic fabric / skin textures?  It's here!If you need help rigging the macro motions of your creation it works with MAXIMO, providing you free base rigging and for a price you can get entire movement packs put togethor, then it's a matter of tweaking them on your end to get all the little micro movements added.This stuff is royalty free people!  The amount of work it does for you, while granting you usage rights is insane!  The fact people are complaining at all about it, boggles my mind.  If you are being handed 10's of thousands of dollars of art asset creation for your game.  This system gives you the base building blocks to make somthing wonderful!  Of course you'll have to tweak things to get them perfect, but if you feel this isn't giving you enough for the price tag and you are complaining that the entire process isn't automatic, than you probably shouldn't be developing video games...  That's all I have to say."
76561198053438603,Recommended,257400,19163559,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,southpawami,"Fuse is quite nice.  In a modeler I use, I simply export a character at .01 of the original size(one hundredth) and it places just about right.  The default is to reduce geometry by removing occluded polys, which I think is often good unless you're rigging the character in your own modeler or you want the ability to switch what is visible and what is not.While Fuse was supported, it cost money.  Now it is essentially unsupported and appears to have no plan of any type of updates, so it is free.  It's seems to work well enough on Windows 10 and the important functions I care about seem to work well."
,Not Recommended,257400,19156687,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,SlyHuntsman,"Rip off. Hidden costs, made free and defunct.I bought this in Christmas sale, find out it costs more money for animations etc. which wasn't immediately obvious when I purchased it. I then forget about it because of the New Year etc. and only recently attempted a refund. Been told no so far, but still trying...If you want to try it, go ahead as it's free but be aware it's being integrated into Adobe's platform so this will probably become defunct if you don't count it as such already."
,Not Recommended,257400,22044618,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Deygus,Used to be pretty good until they soldout to Adobe ExpensiveAsCrapware. I am no longer supporting this product.
76561198136655782,Not Recommended,257400,20829924,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Cherry Tree,"It's free, cant say much more than that...For actual 3D modelling softwares, Mudbox is good for a clay modelling style software and works very well in tandem with Maya which is the industry standard for CGI in game design and the film industry, very good for creating architecture and very precise models. :)"
,Not Recommended,257400,20716967,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Part Time Hobo,"I love paying for free software with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ licensing terms that get changed without letting me know and with no warning.Thanks, adobe!"
,Not Recommended,257400,14106267,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Kudde,I paid $70 for this program and now its free.Its not even that good too.
76561198051025525,Not Recommended,257400,15821421,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,[Daos]BLACK KNIGHT,"Good product that is constantly evolving adding new features.So be careful because reviews from the early versions aren't accurate anymore.EDIT: Had to change my review... after Adobe bought Fuse... not only this product is dead, but the new product is used only for phososhop, not for games... so another wasted product (and money) ... 10x Mixamo, 10x Adobe... I'll remember that!"
76561198004429776,Not Recommended,257400,20622504,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Legend,"This software had so much potential, but currpt devs and sell outs killed this software. to me when ever I think of this software me blood boils. it just proves big companys dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about smaller developers. they will abandon the people that made them who they are and will♥♥♥♥♥♥on their bodies. stay away from this software even if its through Adobe..."
76561198065143952,Recommended,257400,25876702,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Hyperaula,Been using this off and on for games in unity for a character or NPC with nice features if im too lazy to make my own in a 3d modeler. Works great and love the automatic rigging from mixamo makes it so easy to just place a animation on them in the game engine. The poly count is usually between 12k- 30k which is good for up close characters but if they are in the distance need something lower...Mixamo has a decimator you can drop them in and create LODs or just lower poly characters but still have the nice details. I recommend this for someone who needs random characters or characters fast.
,Not Recommended,257400,30114212,Posted: 22 February,all,Psychotic Ninja,"Whelp, looks like they remove the #1 reason why I was going to use this.... Nice job breaking it hero."
,Not Recommended,257400,30109910,Posted: 22 February,all,[Dying]  Critical Rocket,"Why would you remove the only feature that made fuse popular!""SFM Services are hard to use"" Yeah Creating source model files and putting them in a folder is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo hard.Bring it back please! It's the only reason people actually liked fuse oh and also REMOVE THE GODAMM .PNGS And .MP4S OF YOU SAYING IT WORKS WITH GMOD AND SFM!!So bring it back, its not hard and now its much harder to make sfm models so thanks fuse >:("
,Not Recommended,257400,21374681,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Chregu,I Paid for Fuse and their Substance DLC - Fuse is now free and this paid DLC is not installable and refound impossible....?
,Not Recommended,257400,30003637,Posted: 18 February,all,WeirdPG,♥♥♥♥ You
,Not Recommended,257400,29879173,Posted: 12 February,all,Magnavox_,y u no UE4 :(
,Not Recommended,257400,15831387,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,josheh,"With the new update I can create a wide variety of characters and import them into UE4 in no time at all, makes for rapid prototyping of idea's & concepts with good looking assets.  Mixamo have done a really good job with the update and free rigging make it a solid bit of software.  10/10.Edit: Dec 2016 -  Adobe just kill this for indie and acedemic uses.  Don't bother with mixamo or fuse. It's useless now."
,Not Recommended,257400,13798943,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,"[DFS] Alex Akhilesh, the Corgi","I loved this product, but when they did two things, I became furious.The first thing they did was make this free. I thought 100 bucks was a bit steep, so when I saw it on sale for 25 dollars, I knew I had to buy. But then, I found out that if I waited longer, I could have gotten this thing for free?! I paid 25 ♥♥♥♥ing bucks to get a FREE piece of software?! Rip-Off!!The last thing is that they took away the GMOD/SFM compatability thing. That was the ONLY reason I even got this piece of junk. I wanted to use this in SFM to make animations with custom models. Then I find out later that they took it away?!?! I am furious!!"
,Not Recommended,257400,10904939,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ID-10T error,"I cannot say this is great anymore.Major great features are gone..Adobe ruin this software, like they ruin Premiere, After Effects and all other great softwares when they decided to charge a monthly fee. Thanks to adobe I'm woking on MAC.Go eat manure Adobe!OLD REVIEW (Yes to recommend)Very good software, but be carefull!This have a monthly payment service if you whant all access like riging, animating, etc.You can always export the models (OBJ only) to Cinema 4d Maya Blender with no textures (I think, still tryin the product). It also imports the same kind of objects.The normal price is to high for a monthly \ year subscription software and you have to do a lot of things online."
,Not Recommended,257400,19153640,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,sKeetXXXIX,"Now that FUSE is no longer compatible with SFM, I have no use for this program.25$ down the drain."
,Not Recommended,257400,16042278,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,XTChrisTX,"Adobe is pulling support for Fuse in a few weeks, leaving anyone who bought this software in the dirt. I guess if you aren't a CC subscriber, you can go die in a hole."
