user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,257510,13708884,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,michael,"If Animus would have ever spent a night of passion with GlaDOS, then this would be their child :) Influenced by Portal series and early Assassin's Creed games, among others, this game is a mind-blowing combination of puzzle-solving tasks with a story which builds a philosophical bridge between religion and science in a way that can only be called a stroke of genius.I can't say that Talos Principle is better than Portal. It's beyond Portal.It takes Portal's approach to first person environmental puzzle solving and, standing on its shoulders, reaches higher, offering you much more sophisticated puzzles of various kinds that sometimes have several layers and sometimes even inter-operate. The reality you are operating in is filled with messages and secrets, not unlike the world of Animus from Assassin's Creed, telling you a story and fuelling your brain. And just like in AC, you get some secondary things to do when you get tired of the ""main"" puzzles.The graphics are fantastic. Landscapes are gorgeous. Controls are perfect. Music is superb. Voice acting is impeccable. Length is ideal. Puzzles are mind-bending. Progression is non-linear. This game might be officially ""indie"", but its quality is triple A. Or quad A. To call it non-trivial is like to say that a rocket is non-slow. And what's most valuable, is that you don't feel that profits were the top priority for the makers. The game was.The things I love about it the most:• Assisted jumping. Just brilliant. If only Quantum Conundrum had it.• No fake puzzles based on arcade elements.• Weather effects.• I can get as close as I can to a wall and still see no blurred textures.• Wherever I go, I never get stuck in terrain.• Skippable intro movie and sensible menus.• Runs on my Macbook Pro.• Has a free demo.• It's so clever, it feels alive.The things I dislike:• Loud ""Death"" sequence can give one a pretty good scare when comes unexpected.• It ends.If you like puzzles - buy it. If you like first person games - buy it. If you like philosophy - buy it. If you like lasers - buy it. If you like finding secrets - buy it. If you like clever writing - buy it. If you like computer games - buy it! And if you don't like computer games... You just never played this one :)"
76561197993891197,Recommended,257510,17447271,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,CtrlAltDestroy,"In today’s world of microtransactions, games releasing before they’re finished, glitch-ridden open world engines, and games that overall fail to live up to their artistic vision, sometimes there will come a game that’s so perfect that it’s hard to believe it even got made.The Talos Principle is a single-player puzzle game made with full triple-A production values, arguably leaving Portal 2 in the dust at what it does. I liken it to Dear Esther, but twenty times longer and filled with actual gameplay, while keeping the beauty of the world and the philosophical overtones intact.The game consists of walking through majestic-looking outdoor areas to find closed-off puzzle areas, then solving puzzles using only a small handful of simple and easy-to-understand machines. The puzzles themselves are eloquent and very well-tested. There are over a hundred of them in all, but each puzzle introduces a new idea or uses old ideas in new ways, so they never feel repetitive or stale. The game’s environments are simply breathtaking with their huge draw distances and ridiculous detail, while the puzzle areas feel aptly like claustrophobic rat mazes while never losing the area’s sense of atmosphere. The puzzles get very challenging near the end, but expert level design makes them all very rewarding to solve. And if you’re particularly clever, the game’s third ending requires you to figure out how to break the level design and take items out of their designated areas to find secrets hidden in closed-away or out-of-bounds places. It’s rather mind-blowing and something that I’ve never seen incorporated into a game intentionally before.The icing on the cake is the storytelling. The story is that you’re a robot who wakes up in a garden and follows the commands of a god-like figure constantly talking in your head. It quickly becomes apparent that the whole world may or may not be a virtual reality simulation, which may or may not have been programmed by humans for a specific yet unknown purpose, and you are given the choice of blindly following the god’s orders or trying to unravel the mystery of who exactly you are and what lies outside of the simulation. The game has three different endings, and you will find whatever answer you seek if you search hard enough.The game poses a few difficult philosophical questions and studies them from countless different angles. I know that some people will find the philosophy pretentious and trite, and I know it’s completely up to personal preference, but for me it really, really worked. I was hooked on the story the whole way. I think that even if some of the game’s lines fail to impress you, there’s enough material here that you’ll find at least something that will strike a chord and challenge the way you think. Besides, if you don’t like the story, it’s easy enough to skip everything by ignoring the computers, but you might miss out on the brilliance of some of the game’s endings.I give The Talos Principle a perfect score. It’s got sublime puzzle design, mind-blowing secret collectables, gorgeous environments that put Dear Esther to shame, above-average voice acting, a professionally-written and well-presented story, nearly zero glitches, and depths and depths of content. It’s truly one of the best games I’ve ever played. Go play it if you haven't already; you might come out feeling like a different person."
76561197994679756,Recommended,257510,14505157,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Desk Rabbit,"HIGHEST RECOMMENDATION!""The Talos Principle"" is one of the most enjoyable and rewarding gaming experiences I've EVER had and I've been playing video games since the Atari 2600 days.  There is a reason why ""The Talos Principle"" is a hit among critics and the player reviews are ""Overwhelmingly Positve."" For me this is a new classic. A game that catches lightning in a bottle.  One of those games that scratches an itch I didn't even know I had.NOTE: If you think you might get this game, I'd recommend against watching video and looking at player  screenshots. They are both highly likely to contain spoilers and inadvertent puzzle hints, both minor and major.  I only played the demo going into the full game and I feel the experience was better for it.This is a first person, sci-fi themed puzzler in which the player, an artificial intelligence, is left to complete puzzles by using a series of tools that are introduced throughout the game. The first tool is the Jammer, a tool that jams electronic devices and force fields. Another tool connects to and aims laser beams.  You'll also learn that tools can be used in combination, keeping the progression interesting. Solving a puzzle rewards the player with a sigil (tetromino) which are then used as puzzle pieces to unlock new areas when arranged correctly in puzzle mini-games.The only conversational contact the player has is with another AI program that often presents itself at computer terminals as the game progresses. The player is also, through communicating at the terminals and reading information displayed on them, left to ponder the role of the disembodied voice known as ""Elohim"", as well as the meaning of life, consciousness, being human, being alive, free will, and the afterlife.The game itself is solid. Easy and tight controls. Very nice music, sound effects, and voicework. Clean, often beautiful graphics. Intelligent writing. No profanity or violence. Menus with many options like FOV, character speeds, FPS display, time display (something I never used as I chose to take my time), etc. This is a quality ""product"" every way I see it and a fantastic game from a company that respects it's PC customers.Many have compared this to the Portal games, which is high praise. While both offer clever puzzles and a high quality experience, ""The Talos Principle"" only rarely depends on any sort of physical dexterity or reflexes.  With those few puzzles that do require quickly timed movement, even the most casual of players shouldn't have any issues whatsoever.While the presentation and story are high quality, it's really about the puzzles. What makes them so satisfying?  First, puzzles do not need to be finished in an exact order. Leave one alone for a while that you are having trouble with and try again later.  I found it interesting how I'd find myself struggling with a puzzle but after a day or two, the solution would become clear. It was almost ""scary"" when realizing how hard at work my subconscious was. I would also think about certain puzzles when not playing and come up with new things to try out.  I  found myself overthinking many times when the solution was much simpler. Also, just when I thought I had a handle on a ""recipe"" that certain types of puzzles used, the game would throw me a curveball, forcing me to deviate from previous ""patterns"".Some puzzles, even of the harder variety, can be figured out quickly depending on the player's frame of mind, while ""easier"" puzzles (those without numerous elements) can be trickier. You know the puzzles are good when you find yourself wanting to do ""just one more"" before ending a session.  And puzzles can often be completed in more than one way. I found out later that some solutions I used were much much more complicated than they needed to be. This dynamic of overthinking vs. underthinking is what helped make my time with ""The Talos Principle"" so interesting, as well as thinking out a solution before acting vs. using a lot of trial and error at other times.This game also encourages and rewards exploration. There are stars to collect, which unlock additional content in the form of more puzzles and ultimately an additional ending choice (there's a main ending and two possible side endings). These stars are often ""puzzles within puzzles"" and gathering them is rewarding and can be quite challenging. It's not just a matter of ""hide and seek"". For example, a star may be within a puzzle and behind a door (force field). It is up to the player to figure out how to reconfigure his/her solution so that an additional door can be opened. There is also an ample amount of ""Easter eggs"" to find, many of which are interactive and well worth seeking out. Many are references to other games, like Portal 2 or Papers Please. Pink Floyd is honored with one as well.Keep your eyes wide as you traverse the puzzles and worlds. Even just finding ways to exploit the simulation is fun, for example, finding a way to climb over the outer walls of a puzzle and into ""out of bounds"" areas (where there are some Easter eggs to find). Or  ""breaking"" a puzzle by finding an ""unintended route"" to the finish by climbing over a wall, or walking above one. (This accounts for a lot of my game time).""The Talos Principle"" should appeal to a wide variety of players. I spent about 80 hours on my first playthrough and a less thorough playthrough will of course take less time. I then replaid  for 100% achievements (which I usually don't do). I suspect that many of the people finishing Talos in ""20 hours"" are not doing everything (reading files, getting all stars/doing the puzzles they unlock, looking for easter eggs) and likely to be using a walkthrough here and there. You can play this game as you want. Complete the puzzles in order or don't. Do them fast or slow. Solve star puzzles or don't. Don't read every piece of information at the terminals if the story side of the game doesn't interest you. Look closely for Easter eggs or don't worry about them at all. Try out the side endings or don't.The support is very good with developers active on the Steam forums should anyone have issues and updates have been released to fix and add things (like an added special settings menu for ""motion sickness"", a speed time function, additional language support, etc.). This company, Croteam, does it right. You should give them your money just ""based on principle.""NOTE: The demo is also good, yet only a taste of the full game. It ofters a solid introduction to gameplay and some clever puzzles. There is even another free game called the ""Sigils of Elohim"" that is made of tetromino puzzles. Solving them will reward you with codes that are then entered into the menu of ""The Talos Principle"" for bonuses. These do not change the core game at all but, for instance, you can get stars with these codes.All the regular stars will still be in the game to find. If you get the codes for bonus stars (three in total), you will start with three stars in the full game. So, you'll be free to leave three stars unfound if you wish and still receive the bonus content for finding all of them. In other words, if you start with the bonus stars and then go on to find every star in the game, you will finish with an extra three stars.PS: If you get and finish the game, check out my screenshots if you want (NOT before you play). Some hint at additional ""challenges"". Like getting a picture of the blue man visiting the greedy man and living to tell about it."
76561197992855409,Recommended,257510,13362546,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Aristotlol,"The puzzles are good, if perhaps very slightly too easy, and it's definitely the most competent treatment of philosophy I've ever seen in a video game* (speaking as someone who 1. has played a lot of video games and 2. has a PhD in philosophy**). Definitely worth buying, if not necessarily at full price.*If you ARE a philosopher, though, or are philosophically inclined, you might suffer some mild frustration at being limited by multiple choice answers to complicated questions - though again, the options you are presented with are generally better than you might expect from a game.**Please forgive me if mentioning this makes me seem like a d**k.EDIT: tweets athttps://twitter.com/memorating"
76561197960912290,Recommended,257510,32172362,Posted: 4 June,all,Vividnightmare,"Philosophy, A.I and the downfall of the human race. Would totally question my existence, the nature of reality and my place in the universe again. 10/10.It's a puzzle game a bit like Portal, you use lasers and angles to power up doors and shutdown force fields to gather tetris like puzzle pieces while a over inflated ego (voice in the sky) thing talks to you like you're a child. It feels a bit like a university students project got out of control, sometimes it looks like it was rushed together and levels feel like development just stopped, but it didn't, it is all intentional."
,Recommended,257510,13819948,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Aya Psilocybe,"Comparing The Talos Principle to a game like Portal is unfair, but immediate. The first time I manipulated a gadget to set off a part of a puzzle, I muttered how much it reminded me of the amazing and witty Portal 1 and 2, and that trying to replicate it was unwise. However, I removed my premature opinions and discovered a whole new world of puzzle and story, placed perfectly in what is called The Talos Principle.The game starts out in ruins, immediately piquing interest and curiosity. This first person interaction makes it impossible to know who you are, or what you are doing in the deserted grounds of what seems like Rome. The land is littered with broken pillars and faulty statues, most of which are missing their heads.Very shortly after running around, an all powerful voice beams from the skies, introducing himself and welcoming you to his garden. The puzzles ahead are a test to see if you are worthy (of what is unclear) and to strengthen your faith in him, ""ELOHIM.""Without going into spoilers, I must say that the story is my favorite part of this game. Despite everything right about The Talos Principle, I’m a sucker for a great story, and very few games have the tone that this one carries beautifully and makes one question the nature of humanity. Almost every word spoken or typed holds a deeper meaning. Nothing is there without reason, and everything is set up in such a way that I didn’t feel left out of anything. There will be no regrets to finishing this game and seeing everything tie together.Gameplay is very simple, which is nice, because the puzzles are not. Having the option, I opted for controller, assuming I could sit back, relax, and enjoy a nice, scenic mind game. I was wrong. Despite the scenery being beautiful and the music peaceful, my anxiety levels were high, attempting to freeze the laser gun that will shoot you down and sneak past the bots that will blow you up. And that’s within the first puzzles. You can’t do much on your own, only using what is provided to pass each task. It makes learning controls easy, which is nice when you have to take most of your focus into the puzzle.There are only a handful of gadgets as well, each with a specific task that they do. Don’t be fooled though, because sometimes they are good for more than what they are intended. The puzzles themselves are short, only getting a little longer with time. Difficulty levels vary, but progress nicely with you, rather than slamming you with something impossible. There are also several puzzles per section, which gives you some options in case you get stuck. This attribute is great as the story is a heavy part that everyone should be able to complete.What the game lacks in wit and comic relief, it replaces with promise and charm as that nagging curiosity presses you forward. There is a lot of content, which can be overwhelming if you want to follow the story, but luckily the audio tracks and journal entries are logged and easy to access at any time.Another nice feature is the hunt for stars, which can be within the puzzle or just randomly hidden on the selected map. It had a lingering feel of Mario 64 about it. It also gives you a break from some frustrating enigmas and allows you to enjoy the landscapes. The signs are helpful to look at as well, so use them. They even mark off what you have completed, though who does it for you is unknown. Kind of spooky, right?The Talos Principle doesn’t let down on graphics, either. Each stage and each little world is beautifully done, with sounds and music to match. Voice acting was very well done, allowing you to stay immersed in the game. The settings are almost too good to be real, which makes the game ever more creepy. Keep a look out when just walking around. There are some questionable sights on the rocks, in the water. You are clearly the only one around which raises the question, “where is everyone else?” Though questions like this will be answered, the theories I came up with thanks to the surrounding areas wwere a little unsettling.With all of the story, the background, creepy settings, and subtle hints, I’d say this game is very replayable, especially if you are like me and forget how to do the puzzles. I know I’m one to miss things the first time around, so going back is always good.Despite the eerie feeling I got every time I turned the game on, I was so compelled to read the QR codes on the walls, left by others before me. I wanted to understand the notes in the computer library and I wanted to know who ELOHIM really was, and what he wanted with me. All of this and more is explained if you are strong enough to pass over 120 puzzles in The Talos Principle.Abstract:Story 9.5Gameplay 9.25Graphics 9.5Sound 10Replayability 8.75Controls 9.5PositivesStory is amazingEasy to learnBeautifulNegativesSlightly monotonousVery little guidanceOverall Score9.25/10"
,Recommended,257510,32049790,Posted: 29 May,all,♣♦♥♠,"Glorious 9/10, A MUST BUY!Potentially long review ahead:When it comes to FPS puzzle games, people usually point Portal as the definitive game of the genre. With all respect, I can conclude that The Talos Principle walks one step higher and I dare to say: completely blows out Valve's game out of the water. You probably never heard of this game, and to my original surpise, it is made by Croteam, famous for their legendary Serious Sam franchise. Who knew they also created one of the best puzzle games ever? Before starting, let me tell you the only thing I knew about this game was that it was a 'philosophical FPS puzzle' and such works usually come out too pretentious, corny and as people jokingly love to say: ""2deep4me"". What I immediately spotted was something that has the potential to leave a deep mark in anyone for years ahead. Underrated, but carefully touched piece of perfection.What people seek in puzzle games is, after all, the puzzles themselves. Various player skill demands various challenges, and puzzle games often lose the balance trying to catter to different minds, and usually hopelessly fall down into either ""too easy"" or ""crushingly hard"" while also dealing with the problems with keeping enough variety to not feel like a deja-vu slog.. However, mechanics here are simple and straightforward. Although not many in number, here they are perfectly used for building a large variety of challenges. Levels have clear objectives, they are clean, and various little clues are scattered all around them. What I saw here made me awe, as The Talos Principle shows a massive competence in level design, something that I truly admire in such type of games. Also, who wouldn't like playing co-op with himself by recording his moves beforehand? :) No, wait, don't be scared! All puzzles are completely solvable and if they seem to easy for you, there are always other additional hidden challenges for hardcore hunters. What I really liked and completely left me in ecstasy was looking at a level and telling myself ""WOW WTF THIS IS IMPOSSIBLE"", only to come back 1-2 days later and facapalm while laughing like a lunatic at how genius the solution was and how I managed to magically solve it. I find it funny how some levels are designed in such ways that 'normal' tries will lead into just a tiny little detail or centimeter of a distance that will make your plan fail into mild rage. You will really need to think outside of the box for some levels, but at the end YOU WILL SOLVE IT and all will be worth it, trust me the feeling is great and great games should really reward their players with such joys! It's interesting to note that some levels have multiple ways in which they can be solved. But never worry, there's always another choice that players are given, wandering around the ""gardens""; you aren't strictly locked into a single level and when times go hard, you can always try something else. You also have the ability to acquire up to 3 'jokers' if you really want to go down there. There's enough variety to keep you entertained in the world, both mechanically and thematically as 3 very distinct 'world zones' exist. The whole platforming mechanic is mastered in a clear way that makes you relieve having to count pixels to make the 'perfect' jump or else fail miserably into level restart frenzy.. Here you just press JUMP and the game guides you into the perfect landing spot.. Adding the underlying themes, the whole experience becomes truly unforgettable.What The Talos Principle shines in is the masterfully crafted lore and worldbuilding, dealing with themes of existentialism, artificial intelligence and ... getting verbally rekt in an argument with the computer. x) A very peculliar and engaging, the game never tries to force ideas on you, and nothing really feels contriving. You can read text, listen to time capsule messages; what Talos does is to make you feel! And it does it perfectly in a natural way!! Even if you aren't a fan of such mind-boggling adventures, you might still like the ideas present as the game never goes overboard into mumbo-jumbo complexities that might as well not mean anything at all to 'ordinary plebs'. It's a fascinating work that pushes you to explore, and the whole ideas of being trapped in a virtual world with no direction but random scibbles left behind from pissibly eons ago makes you really dive into the solitude atmosphere; Who is that voice from the skies? Is he an ally? Why is nobody else here? What happened, why are you collecting sigyls to unlock doors? What is at the end? Should you trust the 'serpent' from the screen? HEY WHAT IS ON THE TOP OF THE TOWER??? ... Your choice affects what happens next in this world, and there are 3 different endings in total. Although some poeple might find the 3rd one kinda harder to obtain for it's supposed importance.. but guides always exist. ;)Talking about atmosphere, I can't really miss the soundtrack. One of the best OST I've ever heard; with numerous memorable songs, encompassing different genres and moods. You can't really deny what music does for games, but here you will notice a whole another added dimension that keeps you focused, relaxed and hungry for more adventures. Everything just fits and the various melodic loops will never bore you trying to solve that god damn hard puzzle!!The environment is trully spectacular (DAMN THOUGH, THAT TOWER!!!!) and at times you just find yourself stopping there to relax and sniff the air while looking at the backgrounds. Worlds are indeed beautifully designed, and receiving a new response on the terminal makes you relieve some stress by attempting to argue about abstract hypotetical thoughts with AI that acts surprisingly convincing. You aren't all that alone after all.. :))But of course, every precious egg has it's bad side. I can't say there's a critical problem with the game, and while I think some things could have been done better, they don't really strike as something ruining the overall experience. The main gripe I have is with the ending, it's crafted nice and offers an interesting conclusion to the story, but at the same time it feels a bit disconnected gameplay-wise, with rather lackluster execution. What you've seen so far in puzzles kinda loses its focus and appears as a different game that punishes you by time limit... where the lack of proper save checkpoint system can get kinda enraging trying to retry the same chain of events again and again. This is probably the thing that hurt my interest in the last parts of the game and made me remember it as something just not so so masterpiece-tier.Whatever I felt at that time, I can't really deny now that this is one of the best games I've ever played. Combining the serene atmosphere, beautiful soundtrack, exceptional narrative with mind-bending themes and references to real mythological and literal texts, The Talos Principle is an ever shining gem that will definitely satisfy your gaming needs and will keep you waiting for more. The DLC is worth it if you want even bigger challenges, and a second game is confirmed to be in the works.Do not miss this game! I guarantee you will enjoy it troughoutly.You probably got massively bored reading this needlesly long pile of words, but if you somehow managed to do it, congratulations dudeee!!!!!Enjoy a great game, you awesome piece of thinking blood-driven flesh-machinery. ;)/the cat is (not) a lie/"
,Recommended,257510,18370703,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mitch_no_one,"If you like Portal, you will like this game!If you study philosophy, you will like this game!If you study math, you will like this game!If you study  religion, you will like this game!If you study  physics, you will like this game!....If you play CoD, you will die. Slowly."
,Recommended,257510,13510561,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,AKatarzynaK,"Due to the fact that The Talos Principle is a science fiction based first person puzzler, it’s hard not to make comparisons to Portal. However, while Portal is a more lighthearted game, the Talos Principle is more somber and thought-provoking. Drawing inspiration from writers like Isaac Asimov, Philip K. D*i*c*k (Apparently Steam doesn't like his last name), and John Milton, as well as a number of philosophers, it takes a much different approach to the puzzle genre.With heavy philosophical undertones, you will find yourself thinking beyond the puzzles as the very world around you is questioned. This, in combination with a visually stunning environment, creates one of the most wonderful and unique experiences that I've had in a game.Playing as an android, you must solve puzzles while at the same time being posed a series of increasingly introspective questions about your existence. I am going to refrain from saying anything more about the story so as not to spoil anything. This is a highlight of this game and is best experienced by going in to it knowing as little as you possibly can.The puzzles are very unique, with various elements being added throughout to provide for an experience that never once felt repetitive to me. In these puzzles you will collect sigils using boxes, jammers, crystal prisms to connect lights, avoid mines, and float high up in to the air with fans. The most notable tool at your disposal is undoubtedly the ability to record yourself, allowing you to create what is basically a clone of yourself, which will act out your previous actions while you work with it in real time to solve the puzzle at hand.The puzzles are very scattered in difficulty. Most were able to be solved in very little time, with a select few that I found myself having to really think about. If you want some more difficult puzzles, or you’re like me and want to squeeze every second out of this game that you possibly can, then I highly recommend doing the extra puzzles which are marked by the stars. These are not required to finish the game, but I found them to be some of the most enjoyable ones to complete as they can be more challenging and mind-bending, forcing you to really think outside of the box (or designated puzzle areas).The world is huge, often times even a bit overwhelming. There are quite a few secrets hidden around, so you will be rewarded for exploring. There are also messages and words scattered throughout which provide backstory as well as give you insight to other characters. These can be found on computer terminals, audio logs, and QR code graffiti, and really do add something special to the story. I really enjoyed finding these, and felt that it added a nice touch.Not only are the graphics superb but the music is lovely and perfectly suited for the various environments as well as puzzle solving.There is also a huge amount of customization available in the options menu, which is always to be appreciated. This allows you to change the size of the game hub (or remove it entirely), remove cross-hairs, change from first-person view to third-person, etc.This is a lengthy game, and at my time of completion of the storyline I have clocked about 37 hours of playtime. For this length and the high quality of this game, I feel that the current asking price is more than fair.10/10 would erase from my memory and play again."
,Recommended,257510,18850997,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,MakoSipper,"JUST PLAY IT NOW!!! (or read below if you're in doubt, ofc)I don't use the word lightly, but The Talos Principle is TRULY a masterpiece!This game is definitely among the top 3 I've played in my life. Actually I can't remember any better game from the top of my head right now, so, yeah, that's a lot.+ This game is DEEP, mainly in a philosophical way, and that's where this game really shines (don't get me wrong, the puzzles are awesome). Really, not the usual superficial philosophy you usually get on videogames--real philosophy! You'll spend quite some time reading files and listening to records, discussing theories with a computer terminal, proving your point, being contested etc.+ The story is very rich, and obscure, and starts making sense little by little, not having to resort to plot twists, which tend to be a little too cliché.+ At least 3 endings that I can think of.+ Will keep you entertained for many,many hours (my first playthrough was like 30h, the second was about 5h).+ Very nice puzzles (and a lot of them, over 120), and they usually escalate in difficulty very smoothly. But they're all solvable with enough effort. Also, they're probably where you'll spend most of your playtime if you're not checking guides.+ Tons of side-quests -- easter eggs, secret stars, hidden levels, which will also keep you busy for a long time.+ Music and graphics are pretty impressive, too.+ Easily customizable settings and controls for the perfect experience.WARNING: To fully enjoy the game, you'll have to read a lot. Of course, if you just want to go through the puzzles, you can do that, and ignore all the text files and recordings. But, seriously, don't. =)I payed about 1/3 of full price, and I have to say it's well worth its full price."
,Recommended,257510,16705800,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Jadarma,"OverviewThe Talos Principleis a puzzle indie game developed byCroteamand is in my opinion one of the best puzzle games out there and although not comparable to games such asPortal, it's certainly not too far off. The game is well-polished, with a great storyline that will test your brains even when not completing puzzles.The Pros:Many Puzzles- Probably the most important aspect of puzzle games, and where, unfortunately, many disappoint, is the length. Not here. This game rocks a whopping 129 puzzle levels, enough to keep you busy for several hours! The trickiest part is the bonus ""Star Sigils"" that are hidden or hard to reach, and in order to do that you have to think outside the box and interact with items from different puzzles at once to obtain them.Interesting Lore- I won't spoil the story much, but around levels you will find terminals which give you access to a library containing many readable text files so you can learn about your purpose and the backstory to the game. These are optional, but offer a good read, and often times include easter eggs and gags.Breathtaking Characters- The peculiar thing about this game is that it made me feel like it had characters within it, even though you never actually see them. There is Elohim, a god-like voice in the Sky, Milton, a PC program and Alexandra, a mysterious woman who left recordings for you to find. Even though the former two are not real, but artificial intelligence, the way you interact with them and the dialogues you can have with Milton really make you feel like there is someone you are interacting with. Croteam managed, using only text messages and voice recordings to give you a sense of wonder. Around the world you can also find QR codes (which I've tested, they are actually real) that are the thoughts of other ""players"" from the past. Some of them appear often and you can even distinguish their personalities. Wonderfully done.Multiple Endings- A thing I find very important in games is choice. Here, you have an open world, and can complete any puzzle you want, at any time, granted you have enough sigils to unlock the area. After you have enough, you have four possible endings to discover. A nice touch.The Story- I promise, no spoilers. This should probably be the first on the list, but without managing to say much about the story so you can enjoy it, I will just say this: It is amazing. You just wake up, not knowing what or where you are and from that point on you just discover - pay attention to your surrounding, read the library entries, collect the sound files, read the QR codes left by those before you and get to a conclusion yourself. The story is also a reinterpretation of the Bible's Genesis chapter, and after you play the game, you will know why.The Cons:No Custom Levels- The game features Steam Workshop, but it only has a few mods and not really any levels, nor does the game come with a level editor. This could have really extended the lifespan of the game, and I hope it will be implemented in later versions, or at least a free DLC. This does not take away from the gameplay experience and should not stop you from buying it.Level Diversity- Don't get me wrong, the levels are all unique in their own way and each serve a challenge, but the game items are only so many. You have the following logic items: Gates, Turrets, Guards, Lasers, Jammers, Fans, Buttons and Cubes... that's about it. While they are combined in wonderful, different ways, some tricks that are learned through earlier levels almost always give a very big hint on how to solve the difficult puzzles in later gameplay. I would have hoped it is not the same.Conclusion:The Talos Principleis one of the best puzzle games I've encountered so far and definitely worth a purchase if you like a good mind game with suitable backstory and lore. Purchase with confidence, this indie game has better quality than some AAA games.Also check out my review ofThe Talos Principle: Road to GehennaIf you enjoyed this review and want to see more of my work,consider joining my groupandfollow my curatorpage! Link to the right!Jad's List - Curator Group"
,Recommended,257510,17696090,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,turbatio,"Simply wonderful, one of the finest games I've ever played.Puzzle mechanics are straightforward but brilliantly implemented and iterative, providing just enough challenge. An intruiging story is played out using text snippets and great narration.If you enjoyed the Portal games even a little, there'll be something here for you to love."
76561198043901521,Recommended,257510,13323636,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Keyser Soze,"*Since this review was getting more attention, I decided to add to my review down at the bottom.*The best thing, hands down, about The Talos Principle, is that it runs on my piece of junk laptop, and it still looks beautiful. So, if you're worried about your computer not being able to run the game, then fear not. I have a crappy integrated graphics card, and I can still run this game and its silky smooth.Now, lets get to the gameplay.As others have said, you are just dropped into the world, and expected to figure things out for your self. There is no 'tutorial' on what objects do what or how you are supposed to solve a puzzle. You just figure it out.One of my other favorite things about the game is the little QR codes that are strewn about the levels/world. Past 'test subjects' would leave notes for future 'test subjects'. Now, you can point your cursor at the QR code in game and it will display it, but I decided to download a QR code reader on my smart phone and scanned it with my camera and it reads it. Which I find is a really nice touch.All in all, this is a fantastic and beautiful puzzle game. If you are a portal fan, then you'll deffinitely want to get this game. And remember, it will run smoothly on the crappiest of rigs.*Addition*-Since this review is gaining more attention, I decided to add a little more to my origional review of The Talos Principle.One of the things I failed to mention the first time, is how the game is sort of non-linear.There are 3 'for the sake of this review, lets call them sections' sections. A, B, and C. in each section, there are multiple worlds. In each world, there are multiple puzzles. If you're stuck on a puzzle, and can't figure it out, then you can just walk away and go to a different puzzle. When you're in the worlds, you can solve the puzzles in any order that you want and at your own pace, which I find really nice.Make sure to fully explore the worlds as well. There are many hidden QR codes and terminals and secrets to discover."
,Recommended,257510,32939196,Posted: 28 June,all,L1Q,"Grab it on sales, solve puzzles, question your life!For all Portal lovers out there and just occasional puzzle solvers this gem is not to be passed by.Pro+ non-linear: dozens of puzzles avilable at a time and you can solve them in any order thus never feeling stuck or frustrated+ puzzle diversity: it's not like you are solving same thing again and again+ great story: with cool philosophy ideas put into it, talos could rly strike my feelings+ sclable difficulty: complete the game by solving the minimum required puzzles and skipping the story or dive full in with hardcore quests, easter eggs and who knows, maybe even DLC packs?+ stunning graphics: from the sunshine flares to that gorgeous rock details the world this game rocks a nice visual style!+ sondtrack: sometimes I just wanted to run the game just to hear that tunes again.Con- devs could rly work on that character animations, though only visible from third person view- physics in this game is okay for puzzles but feels a bit odd for some object interaction"
,Recommended,257510,13337577,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,DarkFire,"Believe the hype. Believe the 10/10 net reviews. They are the truth.I hadn't heard of The Talos Principle and frankly can't remember where I heard of it. I think the PC Gamer RSS feed. No matter. I'll be the first to admit that puzzle games aren't in any way my genre of preference - I'm much more likely to be found playing games such as Unreal Tournament, Mechwarrior Online or a hard-core flight sim. Puzzle games, until now, really haven't captured my imagination or interest.The thing that drew me to the Talos Principle was the notion that it combined a puzzle game, and a beautifully rendered one at that, with notions of the meaning of intelligence, the question of how ""life"" can be defined, what ""artificial intelligence"" would look like. I have a keen interest in philosophy, something that the reviews stated was very much at the center of the Talos Principle. So, I decided to take the plunge and I'm *extremely* glad that I did so.The game is beautifully presented. The Serious engine (as in the FPS game Serious Sam) presents a very nicely rendered world. Each of the puzzles is set in themed ancient Roman, ancient Greek or medieval settings. Having recently spent a week in Rome the ancient Roman themed portions were very familiar and very well representative of ancient Roman remains.The puzzles themselves ramp up very well in terms of difficulty, with early ones being very simple to solve. Later puzzles and in particular special puzzles that grant access to bonus areas can be absolutely fiendish. That being said, unlike most puzzle games I've never given up in disgusted frustration - the puzzles and tools that you unlock to assist you are intuitive enough to make you want to solve the puzzle to progress or to unlock more of the thematic content.Speaking of which, this game is superbly grounded in philosophy, well presented themes from science fiction and indeed theology. Far from being a simple solve-this-puzzle-then-on-to-the-next, this game makes the player really think about such questions as who they are (in game), what they are and whether you are in fact merely a metaphorical rat in a maze. It should be noted that the game absolutely does not require any knowledge of philosophy or sci-fi tropes, but if you are familiar with the concepts developed by the likes of Soren Kierkegaard, Lev Shestov, Carl Sagan or A.C. Clark the game is absolutely that much more immersive and enjoyable.I'm really, really impressed by the Talos Principle on many different levels. This is one of the most intelligently designed and presented games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. Everything from the graphics, quality of the voice acting, in-game presentation, music, even the controlls have obviously been developed with a lot of thought.Bored of yet another generic, mindless, so-called ""AAA blockbuster"" game that was identical to the last 5? Give this game a try, you'll be amazed and impressed by how fun it is to play and perhaps more importantly how it makes you really think.Absolutely 10/10. Unhesitatingly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,20573678,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Dolphin Lundgren,Bought this game during Winter sales because there's a kitty on the cover.Turns out this game is a masterpiece!Morality: always trust kitties.
,Recommended,257510,13360912,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,OliverOA,"It's phenomenal. It's a first person puzzler, so naturally there are comparisons to Portal.Basically it's Portal with some different tools at your disposal and instead of making you laugh, it makes you question your entire existence.10/10 would quit my job and cry in a corner."
,Recommended,257510,17275464,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Maya Arcana <3,A terminal kept making valid arguments against all my beliefs. 10/10 would question my own existence again.
,Recommended,257510,25360423,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,SpikED,"The Talos PrincipleIf someone ever asked you ''How video games can help you ? That's just a waste of time'', The Talos Principle might be one of the perfect example of video games to break that argument. This game it's about interesting fields that human race questioned andexplored:PhilosophyReligionSocietyRight and wrongArtificial inteligenceAnd the most controversial and the most questioanble, human and his actions.The Talos Principle has a an incredible story that sometimes can make you question your own life, your decisions and it can change your perspective about reality and what it really is. I cannot even consider this work as a game but maybe as a lesson about us and our purpose.StoryThe story it's subjective and I wanna tell you one thing about it because if I write too much I will get caught in the details and I might spoil it and for sure this is an experience that you can live once. You wake up as a robot with no memories of what happend before or what might be your purpose, soon enough God (Elohim) tells you that you were awaken with the objective of gaining a place near him and gaining the eternal life. At some point after going through puzzles and collecting some of the sigils, you discover a tower. Elohim tells you that if you ascend the tower you won't have the eternal life and that many tried before you and failed. The interesting thing is that the game kind of appeals to your beliefs and by that I mean if you are an atheist in your deep you will question Elohim and you will maybe climb the tower driven by curiosty, in fact this scene have a lot of resolution to it because that is what human race is driven by, curiosty, otherwise you will follow Elohim instructions and doing your duty without forbidding his word. You will learn more about the game and the story through terminals.The game is not linear, letting you choose the next move and having more endings, each ending reflecting your morality, choices and beliefs. It also have a lot of replay value.The GameplayIt's really simple, you must solve puzzle in order to explore next stages of the game. The game looks gorgeous and combined with the relaxing soundtrack resulting an incredible atmosphere. The puzzles at start are easy and going trough more they tend to become harder, however the harder ones are marked with red, medium ones with yellow and the easy ones are marked with green. You must solve the puzzles in order to reach the ending, but there are also stars that doesn't need to be collected (those are really hard and many) and by collecting them you get a secret ending. Puzzles in order to be completed you must, move a box to a terminal, reflecting lights and sometimes using airflow that will open the way to the sigil in that chamber. As I said above there are terminals, some of them have question for you and you must answer to those question in order to solve the text story puzzle.OverallThe Talos Principle it's an amazing game, with an incredible clever plot, a relaxing atmosphere, gorgeous landscapes and a fiting gameplay. However if you think that you are not into puzzles, I can assure you that puzzles are not all that this game is about.It has a lot of content and you must sink a lot of hours in it in order to reveal the truth. With that being said I can guarantee that this game deserves all the money and it's that kind of a game that you might wanna buy even if it's not on sale right now, whichever might be this is not a game, but a lesson. One more thing, the name ''The Talos Principle'' describes the game perfectly, a very well choosen and fiting name for such an experience."
,Recommended,257510,24927202,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Jakeish,"Never before have I fell in love with a game like this one. This review is quite late, considering my 100% completion about a year ago, but I felt like this deserved some praise. When I first purchased the game, I had no idea what I was getting into. After a realization that I was spending a significant amount of hours traversing these amazingly difficult puzzles, I knew that this game was the one. From the extremely philosophical storyline to the well-done soundtrack, I cannot recommend this game enough to anyone.TL;DR: This game is an utter masterpiece. 10/10"
76561198130621332,Recommended,257510,30823820,Posted: 29 March,all,tomasw9,"Just finished all endings (TP only, no DLC).One more time - it would be better to have some scale, like 1-5 stars or something to really evaluate. 0/1 is not really fair... I'd give 4 out of 5 stars. Or 2 out of 3. Why?My attitude towards the game was changing, I would not be able to finish it in one shot (playing only this game until I finish). Initially I was very enthusiastic, liked the idea, style of the puzzles, and also - criticized by some - philosophical threads dealing with mysticism, religion, AI, meaning of life etc. Then after some time I felt a bit tired of doing similar puzzles and just needed some time away. But then come back was again very entertaining, until I was tired... and so on. I finished the game in such sinusoid-like cycles. Why was like that?One of the reasons is annoying lack of 'save anywhere' option. I did not like that I had to repeat large part of some more complex puzzle because I 'died' and was forced to redo the puzzle from start. After some second/third ""not again!"" I was leaving the game as I do not like silly repeating. It should be possible to preserve any progress done.Fortunately most puzzles are free from this issue and only few are fillled with killing machines in this annoying way.Puzzles are entertaining and well balanced, in rare cases the difficulty is raised just by hiding something a bit too much - second reason for taking a break...Relation between the puzzles and storyline is limited, but unlike others - I do not see it as a problem. I just enjoyed both.The storyline built from pieces of text heard or available in computer systems is a mixture of philosophy, science and religion from ancients to some futurisms. Of course all could be heard here and there, but still I find it a lot deeper than what's found in most games and makes to think a bit about things detached from our materialistic bullsh-t world. It nicely diverts from just solving puzzles.The good:- the artwork - music and graphics are very pleasant and well corresponds to ""storyline""- generally good puzzles - with few minor annoyancesThe bad:- lack of ""save anywhere"" - death results in resetting the puzzle (annoying in few cases)PS. I saw that there are some codes for god mode etc. Do not use it with this game! (it is not an unbeatable FPS...) Just have some patience and think. Or take a break... ;-)"
,Recommended,257510,17256005,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Dasdad,"*a terminal in the game asks me to prove that i am a human or not**looks at bedroom mirror**closes laptop**lie down on the floor**thinking about my existence*10/10 would mindf--ked againSerious reviewThis game isn't like other puzzle game— wait no, this game isn't like any other games.Yeah, Portal 2 is phenomenal, but it sticks to the Valve alternate reality. But this game? This Talos-effing-Principle? This is something else. Puzzles are the same awesomeness like Portal games, but it gives you a different perspective. Not to spoil the things in-game, but there are questions that (imo) will get you thinking about the game AND the universe itself. Not the game's universe, but ours. This isn't a fourth-wall-breaking game like The Stanley Parable , but (again imo) it feels like it breaks not just the fourth wall. It breaks reality.And if anyone asks for scores:10/10 for those who like first-person puzzle (platformer?) games"
,Recommended,257510,30744673,Posted: 26 March,all,Lurky,The Talos Principle is not just a game.It is an experience you will remember for the rest of your life.10/10
76561198021033482,Recommended,257510,32084225,Posted: 31 May,all,Mertarus,"This game, even thought calling it a game would gravely reduce it´s depth, makes you question yourself and everything around  you while your brain is busy with solving really, really challenging  puzzles. The story is absolutely breathtaking. A  must-have  if  you enjoy philosophy."
,Recommended,257510,22544849,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,DireMuffin,"This game is amazing - it's my favourite puzzle game (even above both Portals).PuzzlesThe puzzles themselves were fantastic - just the right level of challenging for me. Some I breezed through, some required some head scratching, and a couple required coming back a couple times with fresh perspectives - and all felt good and rewarding at the end. Super satisfying.That's just the normal puzzles, though. The gold star puzzles wrinkled my brain in a good way - I'd say I got maybe 60% unassisted, and the rest kicked my♥♥♥♥♥(most of them in a good way, although there were a couple that I never would have gotten). A fantastic stretch if you really wanna go the extra mile.And the last layer on top of the puzzles and gold stars is the easter eggs - they're everywhere. Some are easier to find than others, but oh man, they're everywhere, very clever, and stealthily hid. I found three out of I can only assume dozens.PlotA puzzle game is all well and good, but how is it tied together? Portal did so in a comedic meta way - Portal 1 was pretty much all comedy, where Portal 2 did have a bit of a plot to piece together. The Talos Principle has comedy, but each puzzle draws you closer to piecing together the whole story, which is very compelling. It's a clever premise well executed that absolutely adds to the mechanic.And I really did love the story here. Plenty of little bits and pieces to keep you interested, building the world as you went. From reading texts to hearing audiologs to reading QR codes left by others, it all merges together to make a fantastic experience.And yes, I cried at the end. While there are games for which this wouldn't be a surprise, this one did surprise me. It's a puzzle game! But the whole thing was so artfully executed I couldn't help but get drawn in. Beautiful and poignant and sad and hopeful and amazing.I look forward to playing it again. <3"
76561198040823405,Recommended,257510,13627581,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,A Simple Pigeon,do you like portal? do you wish portal was about 10 times longer and took itself really really seriously? Then this is the game for you!
,Recommended,257510,13410257,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Celador,"Its just as good as first Portal. If you like that game - you are going to love Talos.Lots of secrets and references to other games, movies and sci-fi novels (even Philip D*i*c*k!), lots of puzzles, good music and graphics, as well as deep and meaningful story.You just have to own it if you are tired of playing dumbed down RPG's, unfinished strategy games or boring shooters.Finished in 29 hours with every single achievement. GIVE MULTIPLAYER DLC!"
,Recommended,257510,17147781,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Napsalm,I don't write reviews for games much.I don't finish many of my games.I don't usually go back to games I've finished to get all the endings.I don't normally get heavily invested into storylines of games too much.This game changed everything.This game was awesome.
,Recommended,257510,13720863,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,JaGuaR,"Обзор на игру ""The Talos Principle""The Talos Principle - это игра от Хорватской студии Croteam, которая прославилась серией игр ""Serious Sam"". Эта компания всегда занималась мясными шутерами, с кишками, оторванными конечностями, кровью и т.д. Вдруг выходит игра ""The Talos Principle"" Сразу задается вопрос, что это? Это филосовская игра, с необычным сюжетом и атмосферой. Компания, которая всегда занималась мясными и зубодробительными шутерами, вдруг выпускает спокойную и миролюбивую игру? Этот факт навел на меня ооочень большое любопытство. Я начал активно следить за игрой, смотреть трейлеры и т.д. И вот настал момент, когда я её купил. Как только я появился в этом мире, меня охватило чувство таинственности. Кто я? Робот? Какого черта я робот?! Что за голос говорит со мной с небес? Что мне нужно делать? Именна эта особенность, делает атмосферу этой игры незабываемой! Всю игру нам предстоит не только тупо решать головоломки, но и следовать филосовскому сюжету и смыслу. А филосовские тексты в данной игре, могут даже дать пару жизненных уроков и поводов для размышления. Даже головоломки несут в себе смысл в этой игре. Играя в неё, вы одновременно думаете и наслаждаетесь этой игрой. Даже если вы не особый любитель философии, здесь вы все равно найдете потрясающе интересные головоломки, красочные и живописные виды (я их заскриншотил и поставил на рабочий стол), великолепное музыкальное сопровождение и удовольствие от прохождения! Это нечто больше чем игра...Оценки особенностей игры:[Графика: 8.5 из 10][Сюжет: 10 из 10][Музыка: 11 из 10][Дизайн уровней: 9.5 из 10][Озвучка: 10 из 10][Атмосфера: 12 из 10]{[ Общий итог: 10 из 10 }]Вывод: Игра очень необычная и не похожа на другие игры, отличный филосовский сюжет, неплохая графика, интересные уровни и головоломки, великолепная музыка и незабываемая атосфера. Спасибо Croteam!!!"
76561198123375218,Recommended,257510,13348513,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Avix,"There are plenty of well-written and thought out reviews for this game already present, and I think you should read them. I just want to quickly tell you why this game is easily the best game I've played in a few years.-The graphics are astouding-The environment is built so carefully and thoughtfully that you could spend hours wandering around and enjoying nature.-There is an unbelievable amount of content in this game, and it will likely take you between 15-20 (or more) hours to do everything.-Replay value is extremely high-Puzzles are well crafted, and the learning curve is balanced-Ultimately you get to choose what you want to do and when-There is a well made hint system that actually ties in with the game-Puzzles can interact with each other, and are not always confined within a space-Voice acting is intoxicating-Sound in general is well done-Music is perfect (I'll probably be buying the ost)-The story is very enoyable and mysterious (A game hasn't pulled me in like this since the early myst games)-Your thoughts and views on the world and what it means to be human are constantly questioned-This game in general makes you think (a lot)-There is a HUGE amount of background information in the form of text and audio logsI've been waiting for a game like this for a long time, and I have not been disappointed with it at all.Please please please do yourself a favor and buy this game if you are into puzzles games with a good story. Normaly I really think about whether or not I want to spend the money to buy a game, but I can tell you that this one is worth it, and I have no regrets about getting it.It really has been nothing but an amazing experience.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,14473916,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,>zboocham<,"We have a winner here people! This is one of the best games i have EVER played. I believe it's a must-have for every fan of the puzzle genre, Croteam did an outstanding job with this one. You can see from the very beginning how much they cared about their game, how much they wanted it to succeed. This is nothing like the uninspired, unoptimized cash-grabbing console ports we are used to nowadays.But let me correct myself. This is not just a game, it is an experience. The talos principle will make you question your existence, your purpose in life. Even if you aren't really into philosophy, it will make you go look up some quotes of famous philosophers.Every aspect of it is superb, the riddles, the visuals, the atmosphere, the music, everything works out.Don't expect it to hold your hand though. The puzzles may seem easy peasy in the beginning but as you progress they will become harder and harder. There are some really difficult ones later in the game, so get ready for the challenge!In conclusion, i can't recommend it enough. This is a masterpiece. I bought it at full price but it was worth it. No regrets!"
,Recommended,257510,14029730,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,↝ SgtFopper™ ↜,"Game ""recipe"" so far:--> ""Portal 2 memories are back""--> a lot of great riddles - starting from easy to hardcore--> different kind of riddle types like the linear ones, special ones to get stars and secret bonus ones--> smart and sometimes really difficult but exciting riddles--> deep and philosophic interactions with the PC terminals--> a light but acceptable off-taste: A kinda ""quite"" atmosphere unlike Portal 2--> different and wonderful spots to solve the riddlesDoes this sound like a very tasty adventure and riddle game, or not?A fully review with lots of more info after finishing the game! :)"
,Recommended,257510,26715890,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,JCH,Loading analysis session... Done.Mounting local disks... [47 million] meaningful dialogues found.Initiating fun puzzle system......... Done.Implementing great world desing......... Done.Adding philosophical background......... Done.Analysing computational humor......... Satisfactory.Including multiple endings......... Done.Background story awesomeness check......... PASSED!Type /play to question your own existence.
,Recommended,257510,23562081,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,QuasiSnipr1048,"If Portal had a cool, older sibling, it would be The Talos Principle.""Philosophical science fiction"" just about sums it up.  This game makes you think in more ways than one with its crazy puzzles and smart commentary on humanity, morality, and consciousness, and the visuals are great as well.  Even playing through it for the third or fouth time hunting for achievements, the game still amazes me.My recommendation:  Do not use a wiki guide on your first playthrough and spoil the fun.  Be amazed.  THEN go back and realized you missed 85 percent of the game."
,Recommended,257510,13640281,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Louisload,"This game has everything to become a cult classic. I have never played anything like this.The story is amazing and beautifully written. Although you seem to be alone with your creator in a mysterious world, you have a lot of characters and stories to follow. It has amazing scenery, beautiful photographic graphics together with a gorgeous fitting soundtrack. Every single detail in the world is perfectly crafted and it feels good just to be there, exploring. And exploration plays a big part in this game, just as big as solving the puzzles. That is why this game is so special: this is not just a solve-puzzles game.You explore. You find secrets. You play a role. You are an important character. You have choices and consequences. You are part of something mysterious. You are in a story that will, maybe,make you question your own existence.I wish I hadn't to talk about Portal, but I will say this: the gameplay is only similar to Portal in the fps puzzle genre, altho the puzzles are, I believe, more engaging, challenging and fun to solve than Portal.Please give this game a chance if you like to be submerged into compelling stories and worlds. This is a very special game."
,Recommended,257510,32733334,Posted: 24 June,all,nelrid,"An excellent, challenging puzzle game. Music and visuals are beautiful. The story is capturing and makes you think about philosophical existential themes. Easter eggs in the game are fun to find.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,13414459,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,nutcrackr,"One of the smartest puzzle games you will play. This is not a puzzle game where reflexes are important; the placement of items, using all your tools efficiently and remembering previous solutions is crucial. Puzzle devices are excellent, from the laser prisms to the record function. You’ll move boxes, deploy jammers, connect laser beams, avoid mines and float into the air before squealing with satisfaction. The record function is worth noting, as it allows you to interact with your previous actions to solve puzzles in real time. Watching your old self falter is thematically perfect and syncing moves with this recording is out of this world.  It is rare to see a game build healthy mechanics and deploy them in such a clever way, but The Talos Principle does it with elegance."
,Recommended,257510,32031426,Posted: 28 May,all,digitallyApocalyptic,"This game is what happens if you tell a philosophy professor to write a video game with a prompt of ""PortalmeetsThe Matrix."""
76561198041373797,Recommended,257510,13373477,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,DarkKirby,"Most brilliant puzzle game I have ever played, I'm happy Croteam made this before they continued to work on the next Serious Sam because it shows that rather than give everyone what they wanted, they completed a task that THEY wanted to make. If Developers make a game because they WANT to rather than everyone else wants them to, the project will recieve the most love possible. As a result this game has amazing storyline and challenging puzzles to complete. Worth every dollar and I hope everyone who reads this feels that it is worth to purchase this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,13831613,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mearis,"A bit reductive but - the gameplay is very similar to portal, but the story telling is completely different.  Where Portal is hilarious and upbeat, this game is nostalgic and philosophical.First game I actually take the time to reccomand on Steam."
,Recommended,257510,13707804,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,FrankenPC,"A lot of people are rightfully comparing this to the Portal series.  But, in reality Portal pioneered an entirely new genre mashup that had never been done before.  So, yes, The Talos Principle is in the same genre.  Once you get past that, the overall experience of Talos is unbelieveably entertaining, unique, and frankly mind-blowing.Some highlights:+ Puzzle difficuly progression is engineered to perfection.   Just like Portal! :D+ The graphics and ambiance aren't state of the art, but they are absolutely perfect for the game.  Art direction is Oscar worthy.+ The story from start to finish is a masterpiece of expectation engineering.  You think you know what the point is.  But you really don't.+ If you've paid attention to all the details of the various story arcs, you will walk away from the game feeling like you just experienced three distinct but bound stories.  This game is like getting three experiences in one.  It's a hell of a deal.+ There are fascinating side game mechanics that are really rewarding if you decide to spend the time.+ You can cheat.  But it's as if the engineers designed the cheating mechanics on purpose.  It's possible to get lost for hours trying to find ways to hack various challenges.  In other words, don't assume there is only one way.+ It's been a LONG time since I've played a game with refined movement mechanics and keyboard control of this caliber.  It's unbelieveably well thought out.  +5000 to the QA team for working this all out.Number one reason to play:If you REALLY take the time to ponder what's being suggested during the game, you will literally walk away from the game experience with an altered perspective on reality.  For the better!  IMO, this type of effect is priceless in a game.  A legit philosophical education wrapped in an unbelievably entertaining package.  Wow.  I wish more design houses would focus on the Portal genre."
76561198324029188,Recommended,257510,29469537,Posted: 24 January,all,Lim0ncello,"First, forgive my English because I am still learning.If you're into deeper philosophy then this game will subjectively speak to you. If a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?Yes, No, or it depends.If you have a technical mind your answer can be.. well there's gravity and physics which guarantees the tree will fall and the impact will cause sound waves to travel and sound waves creates sounds.. So yes.If you're more scientific, anatomy and physiology suggest...a sound is something that can be heard. If a vibrating air never enter the cochlea, then it's simply a vibrating air. So the absence of human says no.Then again.. I can picture an Entomologist raising his or her hand.. hey do I get a say about this? Who cares if there aren't any humans there!Nonetheless, in philosophy it's never that simple. There are always layers of external impact. Are we literally speaking of trees? expound what falling and sound mean. Does the absence of a man when the tree falls pertain to the argument does consciousness pre-exist and creates the universe or is consciousness a product of neural process? Or is it... if a good man lived a righteous life but noone was around to witness it, did he even existed? A spiritual person may say.. sure! God sees all of course he did. And an Atheist may say well.. I don't believe in God so you can toss that argument out of the window. And it goes on and on.I gifted Talos + Gehenna to a handful of my most rational friends hoping we can have a dialogue afterward. And to my delight, I was correct to presume that Talos affected everyone differently. And we also solved the puzzles differently. Some with elegance and some with pure technicality.Each puzzle and terminal encounter will also affect people differently especially in Gehenna. And this is why I have a personal affection for Talos Principle. Give yourself time to absorb this game. Read the text journals, think, and reason. I hope you just don't breeze through it to see how efficient you can be in solving the puzzles. If you allow it, this game will speak to you in terms of how your moral compass guides you in achieving your personal eudaimonia. And that is quite a rarity in a game.If you enjoyed Talos Principle I hope you buy Gehenna.. because there lies the absolute fulfillment. I am very fond of my Crito moment with Admin. The puzzles and terminal interactions in Gehenna are more profound so you may consider Talos an allegory of the cave into metaphysics and epistemology.I wish I can take a mind bleach and erase Talos in my memory. Just so I can go through the mind warp again. I gave my original account to my nephew and Talos was the first game I re-bought in my new account. I am very excited about Talos Principle 2 and hopefully a Gehenna 2 of some sort as well."
76561197968321754,Not Recommended,257510,16909302,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Speedkillsuk,"Ah, christ... this game, this ♥♥♥♥ing game... I don't think I've ever had such an emotionally exhausting love-hate relationship like this with any other game I've ever played. It was like being in an abusive relationship. The first 10-15 hours of the game were exhilarating, narratively interesting, and created a strong motivation to see what was in each new puzzle room/world, but over the next 10-15 hours it gradually descended into a painfully dull, repetitive, utterly frustrating exercise in endurance. Towards the end I kept going back *just* to complete it, because sometimes it was *still* fun (and I was desperate for narrative closure), but most of the latter half of the game was just mind-numbingly frustrating, like nothing else I've ever played. I almost wanted to cry in frustration during the final levels.So... at the start, the game sets up the world and teaches you the mechanics of the puzzles extremely well. The graphics are beautiful, the voice acting is superb, and the story is slowly unveiled to you through terminals and audio logs found throughout the world, which (initially) gives a strong motivation to explore everywhere in the hope of discovering little secrets about the overarching story. Each few sets of puzzles introduce new tools you can use to solve the puzzles, which keeps the puzzling entertaining and fresh during the first half of the game. I felt a real sense of progression and reward, and was itching to see what was in the next room and on the next terminal.Problems start to begin somewhere in the second world, about 10 hours in. It becomes clear that there are just WAY too many puzzles with too little variation. There is a very long time where no new puzzle solving mechanic is introduced, where it begins to feel like you're doing thesame thingfor almostevery single puzzle, albeit in a slightly more complicated fashion each time. It's also during this time that the story starts to become stale and predictable. I won't spoil it, but believe me: very little of note is revealed to the player after the first half of the game. The exact same themes are covered over and over again, but the themes aren't exactly *that* complicated to begin with. It starts to feel like a prolonged philosophy 101 seminar debate. What is life? Are robots alive? What is consciousness? Can robots be ethical? Is God real? Should you obey God? Interesting questions the first time they are discussed, but pretty dull after being re-stated over and over (and believe me, they are re-stated so many times with so little variation). Also, the overarching point of the game world and the (main) ending are extremely obvious quite close to the start of the game. By the time I eventually completed it, I wasn't even slightly surprised. It felt like an obvious narrative going through the motions to reach it's obvious conclusion.All of this is a monumental shame, because the first 10 hours were anabsolute joy. I would have given this game a glowing review had I written this 15 hours ago. But now... I just can't. I never want to see another ♥♥♥♥ing connector, another fan, or another jammer again in my life. The developers took a beautiful thing and ran it into the ground."
,Recommended,257510,30347432,Posted: 5 March,all,TheLagbringer,"I just realized I haven't written a review for this game when I finished it.It has been over a year, but every time The Talos Principle comes to my mind, I feel a deep warm feeling and the emotions this game gave me come back to me. Let me tell you, this game is something you will remember forever. It's not just an incredibly clever puzzle solver, this one comes with a beautiful and mature story which is delivered slowly and patiently, peace by peace. Design of the worlds accompanied with their soundtracks is just mesmerizing, the whole thing truly is a divine garden. Oftentimes, I could not help it but just had to stop and look all around me and enjoy the look and the peaceful music, or let the occasional phylosophical parts sink in. The story does not come with a twist, or a punchline. You will suspect what is it all about soon from the beginning, but that does not matter at all. The way this game delivers all it has to offer is what makes it perfect.If something or someone tempts you to not buy The Talos Principle, be wise, do not let yourself be mislead by doubt, for it will bring end to the most enjoyable experience that awaits you. Let the feels enter you, let Elohim guide you through his garden. Seriously, whoever is reading this and considering purchase... I envy you. I wish I could erase the game from my mind and experience it again. I definitely will play it again some day, but it won't be as touching as for the first time."
,Recommended,257510,25432852,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,TheDisableBore,I could tell you how the puzzles are relaxing and require some thought.I could mention the gorgeous visuals.I could argue the plot is quite deep and reflective.I could number the times I sat on questions the game askes you about ourselves.I could bring up that amazing writing and unique approach to philosophy.I could just show off the absolutely beautiful soundtrack.Might as well make it simple : It's simply incredible.
,Recommended,257510,14287745,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,MiTaReX,"Buy this game.This is one of the most interesting and entertaining puzzle/adventure games I've ever played. It got everything: interesting mechanics and puzzles, engagind story with multiple (and meaningful) endings, tons of secrets and easter eggs. I just couldn't play other games until I fully beat it. You can even indirectly interact with your Steam friends in singleplayer!This game has a lot to say to you, it's surprisingly full of philosophical themes that forced me to question my own reality. I got seriously scared when the game managed tocorrectly construct my phsycological profile.The only real downside is the lack of replay value (except for achievment hunters).I recommend The Talos Principle game to all fans of Puzzles and even Adventures. You won't regret it, the game is well worth its money."
,Recommended,257510,23981300,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Xuupi,"The Talos Principle is often compared to the Portal series and there are a few similarities. In both of the games, you solve increasingly difficult puzzles under the watch of a dubious AI mastermind. Where the two games split, however, is that while Portal takes a lighthearted and fun approach, The Talos Principle instead treads on a philosophical and contemplative path. This game will leave you wondering about questions like ""What does it mean to be human?"", ""What guides our morality?"" and ""How do we handle the unknown?"", all while solving puzzles that range from easy difficulty to ""I need a pen and paper to solve this"". If you like puzzle games even a little bit, don't miss out on this game."
,Recommended,257510,24909174,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ExLee,"I went in expecting a neat little puzzle game similar to Portal, came out questioning my very own existence and the meaning of life...This game is amazing: Looks beautiful, plays great, soundtrack is so peaceful and relaxing you can listen to it for hours, masterfully designed puzzles that strike almost perfect balance between challenging and frustrating and the philosophical story that mentally challenges you in ways you didn't think was possible for a game.In short just do me a favor and buy the damn game already or at least on a sale but just do it !"
,Recommended,257510,13375805,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Grim Matchstick,The only time a demo made me buy a game right away.
,Recommended,257510,25372294,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Non dvcor dvco,"Waiting for Talos Principle 2 :pPros:+Great & Fun puzzles (About 150 to solve )+Nice songs (The Dance of Eternity, Your Wisdom Grows & Virgo Serena are the best)+Nice easter eggs+Very nice story+Good atmosphere+3 Distincts endings..+Theres a cat on the bannerCons:Nothing100/10"
,Recommended,257510,13330830,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Maso,"Take theology, philosophy, the past, the future, tetris, physics, props, and you get The Talos Principle. A brilliant puzzle game where you play co-op... with yourself!"
,Recommended,257510,34622844,Posted: 30 August,all,atvelonis,"The Talos Principle is a first-person story-based puzzle game set in the ruins of a mysterious, ancient land devoid of human activity. At the outset of the game, you are greeted by a seemingly omnipotent voice in the sky who leads you through the game world. Additional interaction comes from terminals scattered throughout the puzzles, which are filled with fragmented historical texts relevant to your situation, as well as various other notes and old messages. If you pay attention, these bits of information can really clue you in about the truth behind your existence and identity, that of the voice in the sky, and much more.The base game is divided into three worlds of different historical themes, with a main hub world connecting them. Each world contains several areas filled with puzzles, gradually increasing in difficulty and complexity as the game continues. A few of the mechanics take inspiration from Portal and its sequel, but expand greatly beyond the technical scope of those games. As levels in The Talos Principle are completed, more advanced puzzle-solving tools are unlocked, hugely enhancing the diversity of the gameplay.A particularly interesting aspect of the game is its non-linear approach to each area. While regular puzzles are contained to themselves, there are a number of hidden star puzzles that can be completed optionally, if the main story proves too easy. These often require you to make use of items from multiple levels at once: the catch is that items cannot normally be moved outside of their designated areas, even though you can travel freely. This design choice prompts a bunch of really creative solutions.You can easily determine the general difficulty of each level by the color of the sigil at the end, which is the prize for completing it. The game also very clearly marks the location and difficulty of each puzzle on appropriately-placed signs, and even points out how many hidden stars are in an area (although it is up to you to find them). This makes navigating each area of the game feel quite natural: it is basically impossible to get lost. If you can collect enough stars, they can be used to gain access to a bonus star world with additional challenges.I felt that the level design of the game was largely well-done, especially because the developers were extremely careful to make levels uncheatable, with very few exceptions. The placement of items, enemies, doors, and gates, the height and positioning of walls, and even the shape of terrain is designed specifically for each of the puzzles: there are no boring copy+paste repeats of previous ventures. Most of the solutions are pretty intuitive, and the game tends to have a few cryptic hints lying around if you get stuck.The graphics are nice enough, and the game allows you to customize them based on your needs, although some of the more advanced settings are hidden a little deep into the options menu. It is generally not that intensive to run, so with most options maxed I can get an average of roughly 80-100fps with my i5-4460, GTX 970, and 16 GB of RAM. My only technical issue with the game is that some of the sound effects are a bit loud compared to the ambient background noise and music, but that is not a major concern.In just under 80 hours, I played through the main game twice (there is more than one ending, as you might expect), and the DLC ""Road to Gehanna"" once, which I also had a lot of fun with. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience with The Talos Principle, and would highly recommend it to anyone interested in a challenging puzzle game with bits of philosophical musings sprinkled in for flavor. The game is currently listed at $40, but it regularly goes down to $10 during sales, which is a fantastic price for such a beautifully-crafted title."
,Recommended,257510,31910794,Posted: 22 May,all,Reanimate,"The Talos Principle is a masterpiece. It is a deep and enriching game that'll suck you into the world, and will make you think about humanity and the meaning of life, such as why we're even on this planet and how to live a worthy life, along with thinking about how to solve the puzzles. This game is a mind machine, which is why it's such a masterpiece in my eyes. I haven't seen a game that makes you do a lot of thinking and self-reflection as much as The Talos Principle has.The game begins with you, a humanoid robot, that awakens in a garden in an unknown place. A mysterious voice speaks to you from the heavens, who you find out to be a god named Elohim. He becomes your guide throughout the numerous puzzles you will solve, and helps you on your journey to recieving eternal life. Or is that the story? While you play, you start to unravel the true story that I don't want to spoil here, but the true story is insanely interesting, super original, and very deep. It's full of plot twists and ""WTF"" moments. To know the true story, you have to buy this game and play through it (or read my spoilers section at the end of the review if you don't care about spoilers).PositivesFantastic storyline, backstory, and lore.As explained earlier, I don't want to spoil it for you, but it's incredible.Eye-popping graphics.Coupled with Vulkan support, an incredible performance menu, and amazing optimization, the game has incredible graphics. They're borderline realistic, and due to the top-notch optimization, I can run this game at 1080p max settings, 4K render resolution, and Vulkan enabled,at a locked 60 FPS. Yes, LOCKED. Keep in mind that Vulkan is in beta so you will experience some render bugs and a bit of stuttering that occurs in the first couple minutes of playing. If you want a seamless playing experience, you can use DX11, DX9, or OpenGL.Beautiful artstyle.Paired with some incredible graphics, the game has a beautiful artsyle. They mixed ancient structures with futuristic devices.Beautiful music.This game has some fine music. It's peaceful, epic, and is a nice tune to have playing in the background as your mind races while you figure out a puzzle. The composer, Damjan Mravunac, who has composed music for over 40 other games, knows how to make some peaceful music. While it won't be anything I'll play in my car like Hotline Miami's music, it is something that I can appreciate and commend him for.Clever puzzles.While I think Portal 2 still stands as my favorite puzzle game due to how creative they used the portals, The Talos Principle is super close to kicking Portal off of the throne. It has some super hard puzzles that challange your patience and stress, but feel very rewarding when you finally complete them. On one puzzle, I actually got upset because I kept messing up. On some other puzzles, they took me about 10-15 minutes to solve. Despite the immense challange, I didn't use one guide or walkthrough online, and I came close to using one.Great voice acting.This is kinda cheating cause there's only two voice actors in the game, but they both are great choices, especially Elohim. His voice is on the levels of Morgan Freeman in terms of epicness.Beautiful writing.Everything written in the terminals is done by Tom Jubert, who worked on FTL and The Swapper, and Jonas Kyratzes, who worked on The Sea will Claim Everything. The writing for the philosophical articles are beautiful, flow like fine wine, and are just super interesting to read. There's also some random chat logs, emails, and messages you'll find, and they're pretty enjoyable to read. The writers did their jobs with flying colors.It makes you self-reflect in real life.Seriously, the thought process of this game catches on to you, and you'll start thinking about the meaning of a conscious being and self-reflecting in real life outside of the game. It's crazy.Great endings.There are two endings, one being ""That's it?"" and the other being ""Holy cow!"" There's also a secret ending, which I heard is very difficult, so I doubt I'll try it. Maybe one day, I will.MixedPretty ""meh"" DLC.I'm not saying it's bad, but I only find 2 DLC packs worth it: Road to Gehenna, a second campaign based around Elohim, and Serious Pack, changing the voice actor to the man that does the voice acting for Serious Sam, and is very humerous. The other DLCs are meh, either being uninteresting or kinda pointless. The Bonus Content DLC offers a PDF with every terminal document in the game and a Making-Of video, which is awesome, but that's the only two things worth looking into. There's disc and box printouts, posters for you to print, wallpapers, etc, which are honestly a bit useless. The Prototype DLC gives you numerous levels that were build during the pre-alpha stage, which some might find awesome, but I find a bit uninteresting. Since it's DLC, it doesn't take away from the full game at all.The Desert world of the game is a bit bland.I prefer the Greenery world with stone structures and the Snowy Tundra world with wooden structures over the Desert world. I wasn't a fan of the artstyle and atmosphere of the Desert world compared to the two other worlds. Also, the Desert world has a moment that scared the living hell out of me. I just wasn't a fan of it at all.NegativesTo be honest, I can't think of any negatives. I'm serious. That's how incredible this game is.SummaryThe Talos Principle is an absolute masterpiece, and one that I will rank as one of the best games I have ever played in my years of gaming. The enriching story and the philosophical nature of the game are what make it a legendary title, and one that I am happy I have played. Get this gameNOWorSOON! To conclude my review before the spoilers section, I will leave you with a quote from the game that struck a cord with me.""If you have all the money in the world but you die alone and unloved, what did you accomplish?"" - OmarSpoilersI want to thankOdysseus, a good friend of mine and fellow reviewer, for explaining the game to me as I was honestly confused until he explained the game to me after the ending. This is what the true story is as told by him. Don't read it if you don't want to be spoiled!There was a plague that couldn't be stopped, and slowly killed everyone. The point of the [Talos] project was to preserve as much human knowledge as possible (hence the historical significance of the different worlds/levels), and then have a recurring AI have to solve all of them and become sentient. Puzzles, philosophical debate, the will to defy god (Elohim), and the human spirit were all required to do so. The hope of the project was to preserve as much of the human legacy as possible by creating an artificial human and a world of all their knowledge they would be born from."
,Recommended,257510,13853702,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,The Milkman,"I happened to stumble upon this beauty through the ""recommended for you"" steam list and got hooked to try it immidietly. I was very curious on it since it was a pretty long while ago since I've had a good puzzle game to play, last one probably being Primordia. So after a little thought I bought the game and started it.Oh. Man.Was I blown away pretty fast.The puzzles wasn't that hard in the beginning but eventually got more and more intresting, adding more and more tools to use and diffrent ways to think about them. It required some creativity really, which mostly isn't something Im used to in puzzle games. The story is even better, with a huge god-like voice booming from above and a sentient AI which you discuss some really intresting topics with. Beware that AI is also trying to trick you.I also like that besides having the existence discussion with the AI I also like how alongside the Voice are acting like the Snake and God in the Garden of Eden with Adam and Eve, but set in a sci-fi virtual (well... MAYBE virtual) reality.9/10 Im still not done with it, but Im going to enjoy every moment of this game!"
,Recommended,257510,27995246,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tekie,"Oh good, it's not just me being weird for once. Others like this too.This game has fun puzzles with interesting mechanics, nice environments, and a story that makes me feel smarter than I actually am.Interactions with the terminals involve lots of reading, but the story is well worth it.Also, the soundtrack is amazing."
,Recommended,257510,22328994,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,omgmanatee,"TL;DR: This game is amazing, play it now.After completing this game, I've decided The Talos Principle is one of my favorite games of all time.- There's a large amount of puzzles to complete, all of which areabsolutely brilliant. The difficulty finds the perfect balance where the solution is almost never easy, but I never felt frustrated and gave up.- Like many other people have said, this game is very deeply philosophical and this was really interesting to me. I almost never go out of my way to read all the lore a game provides, but I enjoyed reading all of the different texts provided in the terminals in each chamber. The interactions with the Milton AI were pretty thought-provoking as well; I got annoyed at the fact that it kept twisting my words, but at the same time I liked how it kept challenging my ideas.- The visuals are gorgeous, especially if you have a high-end graphics card that can max out the video settings.- There are multiple endings, each more difficult to achieve than the last.10/10 an absolute must-play."
,Recommended,257510,23480122,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,DinkumThinkum,"I picked this up hoping for a fun puzzle game to kill some time since I enjoyed the Portal games so much (and I do recommend this to anyone who likes Portal). I was not expecting it to become one of my favorite games of all time.The puzzle gameplay is at least on par with Portal, perhaps even better on account of the variety of elements and the ways in which you need to combine them to solve puzzles. Gameplay is polished, the visuals are beautiful, and the puzzles are delightfully challenging without ever feeling unfair.And the story... oh man, the story is incredible. Revealed gradually through exploration of the world, it is deep, rich, and full of a sense of wonder and curiosity. It's as much about self-discovery and questioning your own preconceptions about reality and humanity as it is about the journey you will undertake in the game.One of the best games I have ever played. 10/10 would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,257510,13668298,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,o(-_-o) {ComeAtMeBro],"If you're looking for a fun puzzle game, pick this title up.If you're looking for a good successor to portal, pick this game up.If you're looking for a sci-fi allegorical exploration of existentialism, faith, and doubt that utilizes the common tropes of game design to explore the fuzzy borders of free will... that's very specific of you, but yeah pick this game up.Though it has been flying under most of the game playing public's radar, I'm fairly sure the Talos Principle will be remembered as an important step in the evolution of this medium. It's not just a fun game, it's video game literature. With all of the humor, humility, and self doubt of Kurt Vonnegut, the Talos Principle manages to be quite literally a soul-searching exercise without ever veering into the pretentious.It's funny, it's thought provoking, and it's oddly moving. It's also made by the same crazy Croatians that gave us Serious Sam... So it's ironic too."
,Recommended,257510,13702597,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,slaSS_fin,"The best first person puzzle game there has ever been! (Sorry Gabe!)Weird, but typical Croteam humor with LOTS of easter eggs,  many ways to end the game, beautiful soundtrack, STUNNING graphics and athmosphere. Difficulty varies from beginner to hard to superhard (if you want to search and collect all the stuff)Croteam games has always been very high quality and this is not an exception, ""Serious"" engine is getting better on every release.If you're a hardcore PC gamer and you think there's not enought options to tweak the graphics/performance and other stuff (there is plenty, really) hit ""§"" to pop up the console and tune up the game even more (not like in most games, where you can merely turn the FPS graph on/off)11/10 from me."
,Recommended,257510,30774954,Posted: 27 March,all,SimeoN,When i saw this game i expected something like a PortalBut what i got is 10x better! Mind blow story and complex puzzles!11/10
,Recommended,257510,29895902,Posted: 13 February,all,Svirt,"Puzzles, Puzzles, PUZZLES!!!The Talos Principle is a game enhancing your critical and logical thinking with an immersive number of puzzles to solve and obstacles to overcome.  The game is focused on philosophical science fiction, so you have a lot of possibilities to think about Talos Universe, history and even about human nature, but if you are not interested in it you can easily rush through the game enjoying only the joy of completion of tasks.You shall miss a bit that way though.You are a new form of life, an artificial intelligence created by God, who calls himself Elohim. Elohim prepared for you a set of tasks you must complete to obtain the reward, an everlasting life. Elohim allows you to move freely in the world he created for you but there is one place you musn’t visit. The tower. But why? Only on you depends whether you find what lays there or will you obey thou Father?Pros✪New and innovativeways of solving puzzles. Laser beams, drones, fans, jammers, portable platforms, record machines and more!✪ You can play coop in singleplayer (with yourself!) thanks to record machine which replicates you and the copy of yourself repeats your steps.✪ Secrets and lots of them!Easter eggs, it’s what we love, do we not?✪Gorgeous worldwith a great way of evoking different kinds of atmospheres.✪Time capsulesare the story-related thing I enjoyed the most. They are the most useful bits of story related information and very well voice acted.Cons✪The story, never mind how amazing, feels like not exploited enough. Elohim doesn’t speak to you much, most of it you got thanks to the written information files found at every level and occasional philosophical conversation with computer.or someone on the other side of that pc, you never know!The game is more focused on philosofical parts than on storytelling. What I’m talking about iś that after about an hour of gameplay I knew the point of Talos and what’s behind it, and there was nothing more I could dig in but philosophy. But still this is only my feeling, many players won’t mind this at all, and some will as do I. Although it is only a minor issue.8/10This is a must buy for puzzle-solvers and especially fans of famous Portal 2. Even though I don’t like philosophy I found this game more than enough entertaining."
,Recommended,257510,31983942,Posted: 26 May,all,DOM,"OK. OK.OK. WHAT DID I PLAY!?I finally played this game.. i was always in  love with portal and puzzle games  ( even thought i am not the greatest at puzzle games i love them   ). And this masterpiece is 10 levels above portal 2! and believe me i love portal 2 , but Talos had so much complex and variety on its puzzles, and the story is freaking great! I am a greek citizen and i got every reference such as the name of the game Talos which was at greek  mythology a giant creature  protecting Crete  or the ancient greek philoshophers.Also this game questions everything! a few examples below :What is the difference between a human and a robot?When you think organic matter; what about a human that had an accident and had body parts replaced? And if you replace everything but the brain? And if you can have to (and are possible) to copy the brain and simualte it? Then you'd have an anorganic human, no?What does living mean?You could build a robot that dies if you hurt it, in any way a human would die in his situation. Does the robot live then?What defines a person?What if you can build a robot that has a personality?What if you build a robot that has a personality and can die; that can develope their character amd have experiences? Is it a person?AND THAT EXACLTY IS WHAT I LOVE IN VIDEO GAMES! OK sure video games are about having fun  but sometimes we get to see some great topics ( a great example is talos and bioshock infinite) while having fun and getting smarter?!( or atleast pushing ourselves to our limits )The only ""negative "" on this game, i think that it would be better if it had a 10 or 15 % fewer puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,18979258,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,StrongCrayon,"The Talos Principle is a masterpiece.Before I purchased this game, I expected it to be similar to Myst. The screenshots and the game description made me think this way. But The Talos Principle isn't like Myst at all. Instead, this game is quite similar to Portal. That's fine. I enjoyed both Myst and Portal very much. The only difference is that The Talos Principle is magnitudes better than Portal. It's simply THAT good.At the time of this review, I've played this game for 42 hours. And I'm only about 80% done. Plus I have the DLC to look forward to. I bought The Talos Principle during a sale, but it's easily worth buying it even at full price.Edit:OK, I've now played this game for about 71 hours, and I've completed the entire base game plus the DLC.  The Talos Principle really delivers on quality to the absolute end.  If anything, the last 5-10 hours of the game were some of the most fun and intriguing.Road To Gehenna is a really good DLC that adds new elements to the game.  For example, the computer terminals are significantly more interactive, and the story is richer than in the original game.  Plus, some of the puzzles in the DLC are geographically enormous, spanning hundreds of feet in all directions, including vertically.  New characteristics like these are part of what makes Road To Gehenna seem much more like a sequel than a DLC.  It's definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,257510,13523055,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,The Poubel,"tl;dr - Buy it. Buy it and try it, without reading anything about it. Talos Principle is well worth your money. It would be if it was 60 bucks even. It's a crime to buy it at it's current price.Now for the proper review - Talos Principle is a puzzling game, in more than one way. It has incredibly well designed puzzles for the ones looking for a surface level puzzle game, but it also puzzles your mind - your beliefs, your thoughts, yourhumanity. If you want to go deep down the philosophical rollercoaster that Talos Principle offers, get ready for many loop-de-loops, spirals going down and many other things that will make you barf your mind out.Gameplay wise, Talos isverysolid. It offers incredible gameplay, with very well thought and increasingly challenging puzzles. If you're aiming for 100%, get ready for somemassiveout of the box thinking. 100%ing itwithoutany help is NOT for the faint of heart and will require a LOT of thinking. With that said, if you're not THAT hardcore (like me), there are guides that will partially aid you in your quest. I recommend, as an easier challenge, looking up the starlocationsand trying to figure out how to get them at first. There is also a pack with puzzles that didn't make it into the final game - over 100 of them. I absolutely recommend buying that pack along with it, if you think the already big sized game isn't enough for your fix.Story wise, Talos is ♥♥♥♥ing impeccable. Each and every bit of story is impeccably done, and you're doing yourself a disservice if you don't explore at least the story contained in the main monitors. Reading is part of the game, if you want to understand the nuances of the story, a concise entanglement of many philosophical questions, theories and literatures that will make you think about howsmallbutsignificant(or not) you are.One BIG problem with it though, and that goes for all brazilians reading this review: This game has the WORST localization I've EVER seen. EVERYTHING is wrong. Then again, I blame the translation studio - Please, Croteam, don't EVER hire Studio Nixa or Gorgone Productions EVER, for ANYTHING.On another hand, the voices of Elohim and Alexandra, Gil Cardoso and Zuleica Alem, did a fantastic job. HUGE props to them!Music and sounds wise, this game is also spectacular. The tracks go from calming ambience to sort of sad and depressing   tunes - I absolutely recommend buying the OST along with the main game. It's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.Replayability will eventually be high, as this game also has Workshop support.All in all, this game will stand the test of time - it's puzzling nature and excellent writing will make it still be a cult classic at the very least 10, 15 years from now.The only (and small) con with this game is that, in some areas, it was really easy to break. I could exit some puzzle areas with some unintended pieces and managed to get some stars via some unintended clipping.But then again,I am a human being with free will.Talos Principle, 9,5/10!"
,Recommended,257510,13891678,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,HACK THE GIBSON,This game makes you question everything. I'm not even sure if I'm a person anymore. 10/10
76561198139299207,Recommended,257510,22824215,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,gluon,"I absolutely love this game!!!  Seriously I have never enjoyed a game so much since Portal/Portal 2.  I have literally just finished it as I write this and it has taken about 20 hours for my first run through but there has to be at least one other ending so I will play again when a bit of time has passed and I have forgotten some of the puzzles.This game is all round just superb, the voice acting is great, the art is awesome (literally!) and the storyline, though sad is just amazing.While I disagreed with some of the points made in the philosophical discussions with the computer it is testiment to the thought and effort that went into this element that I really WANTED to engage!The puzzles are fun, a few were quiet challenging but really they are the fun to be had on the journey.  A journey which will I am sure live with me for some time.This game comes with my highest possible recommendation, buy it buy it right now seriously!!  I cannot believe I purchased this on a whim during a steam sale and then let it sit in my library for two months before I started it.  As I came back to review this game one thing stood out, the tag associated INDIE!  This is a title any AAA dev would be proud of, the developers should be applauded for this spectacular work of art.I think this will port well to VR and I hope that it is, not only because I think it would blow you away in that setting but also to preserve this game for the future, ironically given the storyline I sincerely hope this game can be played for many many years to come."
76561198148235089,Recommended,257510,25305317,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,maximus.kk,"I completed TTP about six months ago, but I've been thinking about it recently. The feel of it really sticks. Amazing soundtrack, interesting puzzles (which I'm not usually a fan of), and a literally awesome atmosphere. I remember wanting to leave a review just before the final sequence of events, which at the time felt like such a mix of curiosity and regret to be at the end, but I got too caried away and just went and finished it. I probably would have sounded like I was about to board a ship to Valinor.It's easily in my top 5 story experiences across any sort of media (novels included).A reviewer once said that if you like philosophy, then get this game. That's good advice. And it's got overwhelmingly positive reviews for a reason, so I don't really need to spruik it any further. In hindsight, I'd pay the full $40. That's $1-$2 per hour of very good playtime so you should definitely prepare your favourite beverage and buy this game immediately.(Does anyone else really miss the Milton Library Assistant?)"
,Recommended,257510,24526218,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,cactiguy18,"Quite possibly the best game I have ever played11/10I bought this game a year ago today, and I do not regret it at all. The puzzles are very well done on their own, and if it weren't for the following, it would still be a very good game, but not the true masterpiece it is. The combination of stunning visuals, a deep, emotional soundtrack, and very immersive story make it not only an amazing game, but a true work of art.The visual aspect was so intriguing, I often forgot I was staring at a computer screen, especially in the first, Greco-Roman world. The soundtrack touches you right down to your soul. It brings out emotions I have often not felt before, and truly immerse you in the game, bringing out thoughts of philosophy. The story, oh the story. Not so much the 'common story element', but more so, what it is all about. It is metaphysically enchanting. It is playing this game that I experienced some of the deepest philosophical ideas I have ever had. The game makes you question what it is to be human, it makes you question the world, and everything around you, but in a truly spectacular way.On the outside, the game appears to be a puzzle game with nice graphics by Croteam, but in reality, it is so much more. Hold on a minute, you just spent all that time reading that when you could have been buying the game??!? don't waste any more time! Buy it now! Unless it isn't on sale, then maybe wait for it to go on sale, since even though it is a truly amazing game, $44 is a bit much, the price is the only con. Then again, I'm pretty sure it was a lot cheaper a year ago, and if you have the money, and are willing, use it!"
,Recommended,257510,30416092,Posted: 9 March,all,RetFish,"Awesomethis game gave me tanquilitythis game guided me to epiphanythis game is good in so many waysplease science, start building those robots until its too late!!!!!!"
76561198294456501,Recommended,257510,30790416,Posted: 28 March,all,vlad76,"One of the best games I’ve ever played.Good puzzles and good story.The game is very well designed. The puzzles increase in difficulty as you progresses through the game, but they are all doable without having to resort to consulting a guide.You might need to look up a guide if you want to get all the stars and unlock the third ending, however.In its current version the game worked flawlessly. I did not encounter any technical issues at all, which is quite impressive for a game of this scale. Also, visually, everything looked very, very good throughout the game. Croteam did an amazing job with this game, IMO.Having the option to switch to third-person view was really helpful, as it almost completely eliminated any motion sickness I was getting initially. And it looked better too."
76561198084163115,Recommended,257510,30917806,Posted: 3 April,all,Wispy Combover,"Just bought this game on friday, and has since struggled to maintain an acceptable balance between real life and game time. Unfortunately real life  obligations do need to be prioritised according to my wife, so my gamimg sessions has to be limited to the evenings - and that's my only gripe with this game.It is brilliant! And I find myself thinking about it when I'm unable to play, and I find myself immersing myself in the world when I am able to. The puzzles are brilliant, the philosophical meanderings, while certainly interesting, are, as others have pointed out, not exactly new, but the way the message is delivered through the game medium certainly is.I am still making my way through world A, fully committed to finding all the secrets this world contains. The stars certainly presents a greater challenge than the sigils themselves (at least so far), but apparently there are also certain easter eggs to hunt down (which I will - being something of a completionist).It truly is a masterpiece, and it runs beautifully."
76561198059041121,Recommended,257510,17965210,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Dimmadon't tread on me,"I am writing this review after beating the game a single time. I have not played it past that point.Allow me to say, that this is easily one of the most amazing games I have ever played.This game teaches you so much, perserverence, faith, mythology, sceptisism, problem solving, and thinking outside the box. Sometimes, literally.The story is incredible, and the more you discover and read the more it all makes sense.The puzzles are challenging beyond imagination. I regretfully admit at one point I had to look up a walkthrough. Yes, I fell to the weakness in my patience for discoving the truth of this game. But only once.If you ever get this game, NEVER look anything up. Play through this game at your leisure, play it when you are not distracted. Become immersed, challenge yourself, and be rewarded.Just, remember this.Frogs are people too."
,Recommended,257510,13849937,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,☭ CykaBlin ☭,"I think I finally found a first person (you can use H by default to switch to 3rd, but I prefer the former) puzzler that can equate to or even top the Portal series.The Talos Principle is very polished and amazingly well optimized for a game that is considered ""indie"" by today's gaming definitions. I have rarely been so inspired and interested in a puzzle game (or almost any game for that matter) before, including the Portal games that I am comparing it to so much. The puzzles in this game require very serious thinking and have many different parts and layers that you have to always be paying attention to if you want to be able to solve it. And, for such a small map that seems so confined and limited, there are many things to do and easter eggs to find and even 3 different endings you can choose from. I recommend you look EVERYWHERE if you want to get about half the achievments or to find any easter eggs. You are also able to do most of the puzzles in the game out of order. The voice acting (at least the two voices you hear in the game) is just as great as the puzzles or the rest of the game really. The graphics and textures are gorgeous and pretty much flawless. I just about cried about 20 different times listening to the soundtrack. The controls and the jump/placement helper in the game make it very much accesible for even the worst of mouse and keyboard gamers. The game isn't really about completing it as fast as possible or for fast-paced action, I can almost guarantee you my 58 year old mom would beat it in half the time I took.So, you like puzzles and philosophy? Get the game, it's definitely worth the 40 bucks. If you don't think it is, then get ready to be stuck in an elevator :)"
,Recommended,257510,30545953,Posted: 16 March,all,ToCa81,"Great first person puzzle game. Can be somewhat frustrating when you get stuck for a while, but there's always multiple puzzles to solve, so you're never stuck trying to pass just one to advance the game. Visuals and sound are fantastic and very relaxing. Piecing together the history through computer logs and carrying on philosophical conversations with a somewhat antagonistic AI adds an extra layer of intrigue to the overall narrative. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,13326892,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Imperator PhallusBottom,"This game works the mind hard, and it does it while throwing pieces of philosophy and questions of faith at you. I put this up there with antichamber and the Portal series. so far it has been an excellent game."
,Recommended,257510,13363645,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Arcadian,"It's like Portal and the Stanley Parable had a baby, and they sent that baby to seminary school.Very rarely does one encounter a game that melts beyond its genre. It's one and only flaw is that, as a digitally interactive storytelling platform, the task of preserving such a work of art for future generations is all the more lofty. The Talos Principle belongs on a shelf next to Socrates, yet in a thousand years, Socrates will be preserved, while The Talos Principle will remain nigh inaccessible to whomever our children may be."
,Recommended,257510,26740594,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Buttonbasher,"So I just spent 24 hours playing a puzzle game by the makers of the Serious Sam games, and I absolutely adored it.The Talos Principle is a first person puzzle game with a mysterious philosophical underpinning. You play a robot going through puzzle rooms, while a disembodied voice encourages you to keep solving them. This sounds familiar, until you run into a DOS prompt Library program that not only offers up fragmented emails and documents alluding to the end of human life on earth, but also genuinely thought provoking conversation with an AI.Seriously, the documents and world building in this game were stellar, and are really well written (The game is written by the writer of The Swapper, and FTL should that entice anyone).The puzzles balance a really perfect difficulty of being challenging enough to make you feel smart, but are never reflex based, or unfair. It's consistent, and paced generally pretty well.That said there's a ton of puzzles, and took me 24 hours to complete (Worth noting that I completed all puzzles, and collected every hidden star), so know what you're getting into.The story is really worth the price of admission though. There are specific documents you'll find that are genuinely moving, and fascinating. Oh and the soundtrack is out of control beautiful.I absolutely recommend this to fans of Portal, and puzzle games in general. It's so well done, and surprising, I can't wait to see what they have in store for the follow up (and the DLC that I need to play still).Don't sleep on this one! It's great."
76561198010705408,Recommended,257510,27211035,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,N-Gaus-z,
,Recommended,257510,22398019,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,uberdoodle,The good:- The puzzles are very well done. There are easy ones as well as hard ones.- I found the atmosphere and the music to be incredibly relaxing.- The puzzles can challenge any level of player; you don't need to do the hard ones to progress.- I definitely think the puzzles are better than Portal's puzzles (however Portal is far more entertaining if you're looking for something beyond just puzzles to entertain you)The bad:- The only thing I can think of is the fact that you have to start all over when you finish. (There's multiple endings)Easily my favorite puzzle game I've played. And I've played quite a lot in my time.
,Recommended,257510,13332203,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Koko Sabre *Scruffy*,"Just finished the game and to be honest .... I am impressed. I personally known Croteam as makers of Serious Sam ... run,gun,fun and seeing them joining forces with Tom Jubert (FTL, The Swapper) and Jonas Kyratzes (The Sea Will Claim Everything) to create a PUZZLE GAME was a surprise.Now I wont be talking about the story since its something that should be experienced though can say that the idea is something like Stanley Parable. Now lets talk about the puzzles.Your point in the game is to collect sigils(tetronimos) that you later gonna use in puzzles(Sigil of Elohime). There are 3 kinds of sigils serving different purpose: green are needed to unlock areas, orange - unlock tools, red - for the tower(its one of the endings,nugh said).Each area contains 7 islands filled with puzzles that you should solve.You start the game with jammer and with collecting orange sigils you unlock more tools. So on and so forth to the end. Puzzle's difficulty starts low and increases with each area.If you like reading you can take a look at computer terminals on each island  to reveal more parts of the story in the game. Also in the world you can find time capsules with recorded message also serving part in the story.And for all hardcore collectors there are stars that are hard to obtain and often requires to link together parts from different puzzles on the island.Graphics : They are gorgeous and often breathtaking. You may stop doing puzzles for a moment to take a break and look at the environment around you. There are glitches in the texture but they are intentional because they have to remind you that you are in virtual world.Sound : To be honest ... I was barely noticing it and the reason for that is it was fitting the moments.There is one thing I didnt like in the game though : the fact that you cant save during puzzles so often you may need to redo something a lot of times until you figure it out.Overall if you want a tough puzzle game with a great story you need to get this when you can. Else.. move along."
76561198004360403,Recommended,257510,25414581,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,puffy_jr_kfan,"If you like Portal, you will almost certainly like this. Puzzles become very challenging towards the end. It's not for everyone, but if it's the kind of game you think you'd like, you'll probably love it. Make a cocktail, lean back in your chair, and stretch your mind. Definitely a good purchase!"
,Recommended,257510,19153604,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,George the Crab,Enjoyment = True ; Dissapointment = False
,Recommended,257510,32955303,Posted: 28 June,all,lecp4,"Just to say these are my best spent 13$ in my life (bought the gold edition).PROS:-Stunning graphics combined with a cool level design (you first play in ancient rome/greece, then in egypt and finally somwhere in the middle ages)-Challenging Puzzles (difficulty similiar with the portal franchise levels)-Amazing story which is told by even more amazing voice actors (at least in the german version) and makes you think about what you are, why you are and why you didn't purchase the game earlier ;)-The soundtrack is absolute ear p0rnCONS-The star levels are sometimes WAY TOO CHALLENGING (i meanWHY TF WOULD THEY EXPECT PLAYERS TO SCAN A QR CODE AND THEN TRANSLATE THE TEXT THAT SHOWS UP FROM HEXADECIMAL CODE TO NORMAL???)-The third person view is kinda awful even though the character is well designed, but its phyisics are horrible (jumping around like a tree without any ""real"" movements etc.)OVERALL RATING9.5/10PS: I recommend buying the gold edition, since you get the AMAZING soundtrack in four different audio formats (AAC, WAV, MP3, FLAC), the Road To Gehenna DLC and some nice artwork premade for printing (also, you get some minor stuff like old levels and new voices, but that's not very necessary). BUT AT LEAST BUY THE SOUNDTRACK IT'S SOOO GOOD!!!PPS: Sorry for my lack of vocabulary, english is not my first language."
,Recommended,257510,28485257,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,zZE94,"The review contains MAJOR SPOILERS!So, I just finished this game. And damn, it was an awesome journey.  The puzzles, while most of them easy and some difficult ones were enjoyable. None of them made me think for hours for the solution but some took a bit of time to figure out. Solving a puzzle didn't feel much rewarding, nor did collecting the stars probably because I got stuck on none of them.The story of the game is amazing.Thought provoking along with the choice to choose between following a ""God"" or doing exactly what he tells you not to. Just like I've imagined many times the purpose of existence in this vast universe and contributing to the society before my death and my fear of dying and missing out on the future, the story deals with the exact same topics. I will eventually die but humankind will live on, generations after generations bettering themselves over time and quenching their curiosity as we go along. And when faced with the extinction of humankind in the game, people from all over the world logged in hours to prevent it somehow and if not, to leave something of ours if not ourselves. Leaving intelligent life behind so that our existence matters, this game is all about that. And I'm glad I chose to ascend the tower and carry on humankind breaking free from the simulation proving I was intelligent enough to inhabit the real world. We must live on and continue our legacy.While the gameplay was great, the puzzles were not something that would compel you to go on. But the story definitely makes up for it. 9/10."
,Recommended,257510,29272735,Posted: 15 January,all,n0v0leg,"Must buy 10/10:+ awesome deep and thoughtful story,+ tricky puzzles,+ gorgeous locations,+ outstanding soundtrack,+ abundance of easter eggs,+ steam workshop."
,Recommended,257510,32529196,Posted: 18 June,all,Jaynay 🐥,"Amazing puzzle exploration game up there with the best (Portal springs to mind).Great atmosphere, good puzzles, interesting environment and intriguing story make for an overall enjoyable experience without being too frustrating.Can be played at your own pace and thus presents a relaxing experience, particularly important if you are recovering from a headache (see below)(Also recommended by me via theHeadache & Migraine Gaming Group)"
,Recommended,257510,26419044,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Daybreak,"The Talos Principle is an indie science fiction puzzle game with a warm and noble philosophical underpinning, worthy of its Western philosophical heritage. The overall ambience, for the majority of the time, is tranquil supported by serene music.The game--and its expansion: The Road to Gehenna-- gracefully explore the theme of artificial intelligence  with various supporting pillars as the game unfolds, such as, what is a human being, what constitutes it? Or creativity, curiosity and legacy.The puzzles start out in linear fashion for the game to open up in hubs that you're free to explore and come back to latter if you get stuck on a puzzle. The puzzles consist of connecting lasers, crates, air fans, jammers; to bypass force fields and enemy drones, and so on. The puzzles are more or less on the difficulty of Portal 2's puzzles outside of the star puzzles. Whereas if you're hungry for more and quite a bit more  complicated puzzles - rejoice you're in for a feast with the expansion ""The Road to Gehenna""."
76561198088386313,Not Recommended,257510,14775600,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,goodfoot1971,"If you have a photo-sensitive/motion sickness reaction to certain games, be careful of Talos. I've only had a couple reactions to certain games over the games (and played dozens of games, since the Atari days), so my instances are hardly pervasive. I jacked-down the mouse sensitivity, even went to 3rd person...effective for the motion sickness stuff, doesn't do a whole lot for the photo-sensitivity (for lack of a better term).Anyway, not trolling or hating on the game. Looks like fun (was a big fan of Portal myself). But some people DO have these reactions to games and wanted to ad my two cents."
,Recommended,257510,13823155,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ego death,"I bought The Talos Principle expecting a competent first-person puzzle game, something along the lines of Portal 1. I didn't expect to finish TLP being emotionally moved about what it means to be human and our collective journey as a species.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥(also some puzzles are hard but stick it out; use the brain your ancestors gave you)"
76561197983662248,Recommended,257510,13855526,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,TechieRefugee,"To start: I used to add a longer header to these reviews, but since it often made the review too long to submit, I've opted to leave it on my Backloggery.Gameplay: Well, this most certainly wasn't a game I was expecting from Croteam. A ""chamber""-based puzzle game featuring a philosophical story from a company that made games about shooting many, many, many aliens with crazy weaponry? Nonsense. Yet, for this exact reason, I think the game is all the better for it. Mechanically speaking, The Talos Principle is very simple: it only has about six puzzle gimmicks throughout the entire game: blocks, lasers, fans, platforms, cloning utilities, and pressure switches are the ones that immediately come to mind. Every puzzle contains on average two to four of these gimmicks. How does it not get boring? The answer is simple: impeccable level design.As mentioned earlier, this game has the favorite chamber focus to puzzle game level design that Portal started, but it uses this design focus to considerable advantage (something I'll talk about later with star sigils).  While I don't wanna go into the environmental design too early, one of this game's strongpoints is its ability to create very organic feeling worlds while still having very interesting puzzles involved herein. In total there are roughly 120 puzzles throughout the game (excluding star sigils), each one containing one sigil in the form of a tetromino at the end of the stage. These sigils are used for tetromino puzzles in which you have to fill in some form of a rectangle with the tetrominoes you obtain. This provides a nice aside from the environmental puzzle focus of the game.There were only really three puzzles throughout the entire game that I wasn't a fan of, and that's solely because they were item babysitting levels. Other than that, there are some levels that have a bit of item babysitting, but the puzzle usually more than makes up for any potentially tedious backtracking, and there are some insidiously clever puzzles as well. Regarding the difficulty of the game, it's definitely got some puzzles that will stop you from time to time, but they're more toward the end of the game. Also, puzzles are roughly scaled by difficulty by the color of the sigil: green for easy, yellow for medium, and red for hard. There's also grey sigils in there as well, but these sigils are hidden behind star doors.Star doors are unlocked by the aforementioned Star Sigils, which are strewn throughout the stages. They can require you to complete the stage in a particularly efficient way, do some precarious platforming to smuggle items out of the stage, or just be hidden in a particularly hidden area. I had to look up a guide on some of these sigils as I am most definitely not one with the eagle-eyed individuals, but the ones that required puzzles/platforming were pretty challenging, but still fun. There really wasn't any ""bad"" star sigil to get, either. Star sigils aren't required to complete the game, but they are if you want one of the endings. Apart from that, they do add a pretty good additional challenge to the game if you so want it, and the way that it often requires use of elements from different puzzles - thus making it an area-wide puzzle - can be immensely satisfying to solve.That pretty much sums this game in a nutshell: immensely satisfying. I've always said that any chump can make a game hard; it takes talent to make a game fun and hard. Croteam have that talent, and they've shown it in spades with this game. Despite only having six gimmicks, no puzzle really feels like the other, and they are all still very satisfying to solve. It's definitely a game I could see myself replaying, so if it's value you're wanting out of this game, you'll get it. Even without replays, you can still get a good 16-20 hours out of this game. Despite how much I love Serious Sam, I think this is my favorite Croteam game. It's just... sublime. 10/10.Story: I've got a thing for stories that go hard on philosophy. If you're looking for a straightforward plot, you'll probably be disappointed. This game *requires* you to think about the story in order for you to understand it, but it never feels so vague that you need to look up outside material to truly get a grasp of what's going on. Of course, I would be remiss if I were to spoil such a story as this one, but I'll just say that three seemingly benign lines from one of the ending have been in my thoughts for most of the past 24 hours since I've gotten that ending. Regarding the characters, there's three main ones, but a lot of other side ones. You meet some of the side ones from time to time, and they do a very good job of feeling ""real"" within the context of the story. As far as the three main characters, two of them seem like archetypes, but there's more going on than what is immediately available at the surface. The third is a very well-written scientist who has quite the character arc in my opinion. Overall the writing does a very good job of reeling you in with its vagueness while also feeling very real given the circumstances, the characters are all pretty well done, and the philosophical material will give you plenty of pause, provided you give it the effort. 10/10.Graphics: The page's screenshots do a pretty good job of illustrating that this game is quite the looker, but I've got one screenshot on my page that I'd recommend looking at if you want an example of just how good this game looks in some areas. As mentioned earlier, this game has some fantastic environmental design that you need only look at that one screenshot to really see. Trees and grass sway in the wind, water splashes down from waterfalls, distorting the light behind it, radiant beams of light blind you with their power... this game just looks stupidly good. It's also really well optimized as well, even if it does prove a bit too much for my GPU to handle at times. It often hovered around 45-50 FPS with my GTX 760 with everything turned up to ultra and AA on 4x (the game did this automatically, which I was quite thankful for), but I don't think that was because of this being a poorly optimized game. Perhaps there were other things I could do to increase the FPS or perhaps my GPU is just derping it up, but it didn't matter; the fact that a game this pretty would run on my system at all at those specs more than makes up for a bit of choppiness.Speaking of lighting, I've always loved Serious Engine's ability to make a sunny environment actually look like a sunny environment. Y'know, the kind of sunny day you really want some sunglasses for. Yeah, Serious Engine has always been a damned impressive engine from a relatively Indie team, and it does not disappoint in this game. I can't wait to see it in use for Serious Sam 4. However, this review is about The Talos Principle, and this game is simply gorgeous. Let's just say that the screenshot I keep going on about is my wallpaper and will be for quite some time. There's a lot of wallpaper-worthy scenes in this game, but in-game they run in real time. Excellent stuff. 5/5.Sound: The soundtrack to this game, much like so much else in the game, is absolutely fantastic. They offer the soundtrack for $5, and I can say that the soundtrack is absolutely worth it for that price. It's mainly medieval-sounding pieces with associated Gregorian chants, but it just works so well within the context of the game. I could also see this soundtrack being great for just relaxing and creating your own art as well. It's a hefty download through Steam (1.8GB), but that's because there's FLAC versions of the song included. There's only two characters with voice acting throughout the game, ELOHIM and the scientist, and they both have fantastic voice actors, especially toward the end of their arcs.Even without the header, I've ran out of space, so I'll have the tail end of this and my final thoughts in a comment on this review."
,Recommended,257510,25843548,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Sinoda,"Thought Provoking Story, Mind Bending PuzzlesIt is unfortunate that the Talos Principle has been given a reputation as a walking simulator from many media outlets doing reviews of ‘best of’ games, because it is probably the best of its ilk since Portal 2.The game is structured in a simple way. There are separate worlds, floors, and puzzle rooms, all adding up to a huge number of puzzles to be solved. Many of the challenges the game offers at the beginning can be completed fairly easily, having players use one or two different tools and puzzle pieces to solve each room. As the game progresses, more complicated tools will be required to finish a room. The problem here is that isn’t always apparent if a tool has been unlocked. This gives the player a sense of doubt – “Am I supposed to finish this yet? Am I able to? How long should I spend here before I move on to checking the rest on this floor?” Which is cool in its own way, and certainly adds to the feeling the developers were trying to give to the game, but also fairly frustrating.The writing of the Talos Principle is the other half of what makes the game so compelling. As the player progresses through different floors and worlds, a seemingly all powerful entity gives the player advice, motivation, and instruction, all with a sense of biblical style. The player will also encounter terminals, which allow them to read short stories, emails, and opinions of a few key characters. The game does an excellent job at building its world and telling its story, touching on important things like religion, artificial intelligence, and more.I recommend The Talos Principle to at least the following types of gamers.-	Fans of chellenging puzzle games, especially those in first person such as Portal 2.-	Those who enjoy stories that encourage audiences to have a conversation about their beliefs."
,Recommended,257510,13655516,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Bullet_Catcher*,One of the best puzzle games I've ever played.  It requires critical thinking and planning.  This game is not only visually stunning but extremely fun to play.  You have the freedom to choose which levels to attempt and you can roam around the many beautiful environments as you please.As an added bonus there's an outstanding storyline to uncover and you progress throughout the levels.  Oh and the soundtrack is pretty amazing too.
76561198010934734,Recommended,257510,23850647,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bounty Hunter,"The first person puzzle solving of Portal meets the isolation and lore of the Myst serious in a game that will provide quite a great playthrough at face value.  But, I really advise you to take a moment, slow down and take in the world and the lore; collect all the the stars and read the terminals and logs...then try out the DLC."
76561198053299524,Recommended,257510,23626615,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,biegelk,"This game is a mixed bag, but overall I have enjoyed it quite a bit so far. There are some interesting puzzle mechanics that feel fresh to me (e.g. ""jammers"" that disable various equipment, time-travel self-recorders that allow you to cooperate with your past self). Some other items were a bit stale (the cube especially). Also, once you get to the final 25% of the game you are left with only very hard puzzles to complete, which I personally found frustrating.The QR code notes left by past ""programs"" and by friends who also play the game is by far my favorite game element. They really give me the feeling of ships passing in the night--people talking across time, figuring out secrets about the world, making crappy jokes. I search for them painstakingly because they're a really compelling mode of storytelling for me. I like that they introduce a third viewpoint into the classical God-Satan dichotomy; the QR codes give us the voices of Adam and Eve, too.The Milton Library Assistant character is also interesting. I found some of the dialogue with it frustrating--the philosophical conundrums were interesting, but the dialogue options were too limited.Overall, this game is worth the money. I haven't finished it yet, due to the aforementioned difficulty cliff in the final chapters of the game, but there are a variety of really great elements that make it worth your time."
,Recommended,257510,14698480,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,BRUXXUS,"Without a doubt one of the best games I have played, ever.  The basic mechanics and puzzles alone are fantastic if you're not someone who really cares about story or concept. BUT, if you enjoy digging in to what this game has to offer, you're in for one of the most amazing experiences any form of media or art can provide.They have managed to seamlessly blend so many wild concepts and ideas, from philosophy to theoretical physics to religion to morals and morality.The puzzles alone are enough to fry your brain, but when you dive into the deep end of this game, your brain is in for an all-out meltdown! If any of th#%%^^&233232    [error] you will enjoy this game. Totally worth %21]missing]12^&55[6854 aying full price."
,Recommended,257510,17409663,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Tezuz,"Would life be boring if all our problems were solved? its a great question that this game could help you answer it if you put your mind to work.this one here its a great piece of art and like art its very subjective, its not for everyone, but eather way at the end its a great experience about the humanity and solving problems."
76561197970373821,Recommended,257510,13637694,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Flybas,"only a couple of hours into it but excellent so far . Very addictive and even at this stage requires some ""alternative"" thinking. Audio/Visual experience is cool too , as you would expect from Croteam. definately worth the coin"
,Recommended,257510,33537917,Posted: 14 July,all,Shepherd,The best puzzle game i have ever played. you gonna ask some real questions to your self while you playing this game.Deep stuff!!
,Recommended,257510,29838728,Posted: 10 February,all,155Degrees,"How about a review with no cons?  Cause I don't have any.PROS+ immersive and deep storyline.+ So many puzzles,  so much variety!+ Great graphics,  nice atmosphere,  beautiful locations+ The concept is astonishing.+ Clearly one of the best games of its genre, along with the Portal franchise.OVERALL 9.4/10-Sequel please?"
,Recommended,257510,30114277,Posted: 22 February,all,[RUS] Election Hacker,"Very enjoyable and relaxing puzzle game mixed with an entertaining dose of philosophy. Highly recommended if you are interested in puzzle games, philosophy, and/or artificial intelligence."
76561198130514798,Recommended,257510,13405026,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,amphetamachine,"The best description of this game I've heard is ""Portal meets Myst."" If you liked either, you'll love this game.It's very good and has proper challenging puzzles. The gameplay has depth and secrets. It looks beautiful even on low settings. Plus it's extremely well-optimized for running natively on Linux.The design team definitely walks the line well between ""too challenging"" and ""just challenging enough to keep you interested."" There weren't any puzzles I was stuck on for too terribly long -- usually a good night's rest would help me when I came up against a wall.Like I said, the puzzles are in the same vein as Portal. The puzzles have more elements than Portal does, and the solutions come in about the same amount of time. The challenge in later levels is applying what you know about one element to another, and getting them to work together. It's really well-thought-out.This game is deep. There's a lot to be discovered, and the solution to a mystery is gradually revealed to you as you play. There are tons of secrets and at least 3 endings.My only complaint is the visuals can be a little overwhelming at times (!!!), and I sometimes found myself hurrying though an area because I just couldn't take it all in."
,Recommended,257510,25465901,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Gio_lad,"You know it's a game that deserves its appraisal if it makes you question your life, do you serve any purpose or are you a human being at all, what makes you human.And I just wanted to solve some puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,24746055,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ben McLean,"The Talos Principle borrows heavily from Portal for it's puzzles, despite not having a central innovative game mechanic. Story-wise, it goes into hardcore philosophy concepts in a surprisingly legit way for the developers of Serious Sam. So if you ever wanted to stop shooting things in a Serious Sam game and instead wander around admiring the architecture and the pretty skybox while listening to a deep voiced God actor reading lines written by a pretentious philosophy major, then The Talos Principle is definitely for you. Are there people in that category? The game would claim that you are asking the wrong question. The right question would be: are there such things as people at all?"
,Recommended,257510,21743599,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,(not) Y2K Compliant,Best example to date of how a video game can be art.
,Recommended,257510,22837412,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,MusicallyInspired,"This game is a fantastic puzzle game in the vein of Portal and its ilk, except without portals. But what it lacks in portals it makes up for with a slew of other game mechanics. It also takes the linearity of Portal and enhances it tenfold with a more open-world hub-like approach. The writing of Tom Jubert and Jonas Kyratzes is top-notch and delivers a very interesting and thought-provoking story of philosophy, spirituality, religion, and science fiction.There are countless worlds full of challenges to satiate your eager puzzle-solving OCD nature and countless layers and levels of secrets and easter eggs to keep you busy for quite a long time. Add to that the bonus handful of extra worlds and full blown expansion (Road To Gehenna) in the available DLC and you've got yourself a puzzle-packed adventure of intrigue and enlightenment that takes everything Portal did right and runs with it for a fantastic experience you won't forget and will enjoy every minute of.If you love puzzle games, this is for you. I wouldn't play it straight through in one setting. It's literally impossible and I'd recommend taking breaks. It keeps the experience fresh each time and ensures preservation from monotony. There ARE a LOT of puzzles. Pace yourself."
,Recommended,257510,13637893,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,George W. Bush,"The game is set in beautifully nuanced, digitally simulated world with a bittersweet backstory told through found texts and voice recordings. It presents a compelling commentary on faith, technology, philosophy, and transhumanism while not taking a galvanizing stance on any of them.  There's a few pop-culture references and computing jokes sprinkled throughout the narrative, and I also found a hilarious easter egg.The voice actors for Elohim and the girl in the recordings deliver a spectacular performance. I found myself very strongly emphasizing with the latter, to the point where by the end I just wanted to be able to find her and give her a hug and tell her everything is going to be okay.It has a surprising amount of content for a (pseudo) indie game, very open-ended and for the most part, totally nonlinear. The gameplay is addicting, and rewards clever, creative solutions and a keen eye.However, some puzzles have entirely counterintuitive solutions while others are stupidly simple but horribly tedious. But this isn't entirely unexpected in a puzzle game, so I can't fault the devs for that. However, they seemed to rely a bit too heavily on red herrings and excess complexity to make some puzzles seem harder than they should be.TheTetris-like 2D puzzles required to unlock new areas and tools were novel and enjoyable... the first few times. Then they started to become tedious. I think the devs could have come up with at least one or two more puzzle types for these parts to add some variety.The ""hints"" the messengers give are usually painfully obvious and not really helpful. I found that often by the time I resorted to getting a hint, I had already figured out the part the messenger was hinting about and was stuck on something else entirely. The hint system could have been made more intelligent so it didn't tell you something you already knew. And since you only get a few of them throughout the game, the hints could have been a lot more useful than a vague sentence or two.Failure, such as dying or getting stuck and needing to reset, is extremely inconvenient as it resets you to the very beginning of the puzzle, making you lose all your progress, inside and outside the puzzle. This is especially frustrating on long puzzles with many intricate steps. But some might argue that failureshouldbe inconvenient, as it incentivizes the player to put more thought and time into their solutions. So I guess this should be more of an FYI to potential players than a criticism.I like reading as much as the next guy, but I found that there waswaytoo much to read for a video game. I think there's more written text in this game than all theElder Scrollstitles put together (hyperbole). By the end of the game, I didn't really bother to read anything unless it seemed important. I would have liked to have the story told more in voice recordings from more characters and maybe even video logs, essentially more stuff that I can have playing while I'm running around or solving puzzles, and less stuff I have to stop and read.If you're still reading after all that, I hope you understand that the disproportionate amount of time I spent on the game's flaws doesn't mean I didn't like it. In fact, I loved the hell out of it. It was an extremely enjoyable yet thought-provoking experience. Just as good as, if not better than,PortalandPortal 2put together.My onlyrealcomplaint is that it had to end."
76561197972319866,Recommended,257510,31157017,Posted: 15 April,all,Duff,"This game is absolutely phenomenal. It will captivate you with its amazing sound and visuals all while you rack your brain for solutions to the puzzle at hand.The puzzles are not too complex, nor are they simple. They strike a nice satisfying balance. Which is also complementary to the short breaks you take between puzzles interacting with different characters or reading pertinent excerpts on metaphysics and philosophy of the mind. Oh and did I mention that the atmosphere is captivating?My one, tiniest of complaints is that during some dialogue you seem to be forced to answer certain ways even though there is an illusion of choice; ironically. However, for the sake of storytelling, or illustrating a philosophical point concerning free will, it is definitely excusable and should not stop anyone from enjoying this game."
,Recommended,257510,33689463,Posted: 20 July,all,Teellox,"The Talos Principle is an amazing example of good game design. The voice acting is excellent. The puzzle design is superb. The graphics options are such that I wish they existed in every game. If you haven't done a philosophy degree then it will make you think, and if you *have* done a philosophy degree you'll find yourself moved by some sections. The game allows you to go back and try harder sections later when you're ready for it. It allows you to tackle optional bonus sections if you think you're up to the challenge. You can ignore all the storyline and just do puzzles if you like.In short, it's a fabulously put together game, and absolutely worth it.It also runs flawlessly under Linux. ♥"
,Recommended,257510,26543201,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,: ),"9.5/10, one of the best games of this generation and easily one of the greatest puzzle games of all time. If you have any interest in puzzle games you will not regret grabbing this game. It is a bit more on the difficult side but is certainly doable if you really sit down and try to solve the problems.ProsWealth of content, with over 100 different levels you'll be kept busy for many hoursBeautiful game in terms of scenery and the soundtrackMany different mechanics introduced and built upon as the game progressesGreat characters that all contribute a lot to different aspects of the storyThought provoking story with consistent philosophical questions presented to the playerLarge range of difficulty with a lot of the more optional content being the hardest sections of the gameLoads of optional content including cleverly hidden easter eggs and paths to different game endingsInsane amount of game and graphic settings that ensures the game runs on most computersLittle to no downtime or loading between puzzles and hubsSteam Workshop integration introduces some new contentConsClunky movement at times, doesn't really impact ability to complete puzzles but it will occasionally feel oddSome puzzles can feel overly similar to ones you've just recently completedSave system is automatic, so trying to get different endings in one playthrough can be overly difficultThe final game mechanic that is introduced is used very lightly and could have been expanded onMost of the cons are very minor, but they're the only real flaws I noticed while playing the game. I've yet to pick up the DLC but will be doing so soon and may edit the review if it massively changes my experience."
,Recommended,257510,27498300,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DOGjuggler,In my opinion second only to half life. Great story. good puzzles. and good fun.
76561197972901275,Recommended,257510,13853159,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Darkviper [ES],"Probably the best game I played in quite some time:- the story is great and is discovered as you interact with the world- the puzzles are challenging, specially the optional ones- heavily rewards exploration and thinking  out of the box- has some great easter eggs and nods to other gamesIf you liked portal you will love this game, and the price is awesome!"
,Recommended,257510,29608487,Posted: 31 January,all,Mikusch,"One of the best puzzle games ever made.Most of the puzzles aren't extremely hard but still require you to invest some time to be able to solve them. If you are stuck at a puzzle, you can leave it and try later again. The game doesn't require you to solve them in a specific order, which is nice and makes for a great experience.Visuals:10/10From arctic plains to old temple ruins, the game looks absolutely beautiful in every single way. Lots of details hinting towards the end of the game too (which you don't even notice until you do complete it)Voice Acting:9/10The voice acting in this game is really good, especially the time capsule logs scattered around different areas. It just felt a bit forced sometimes. Nothing too tragic but noticable.Gameplay:8/10When you first get into the game, you find yourself being overwhelmed by all the puzzles you have to solve but quickly you start memorizing the techniques and game mechanics and become really good at solving the puzzles - until you unlock another area and the whole process starts again. I love it.There are two things I'd like to mention:a)A lot of the game mechanics get ""recycled"" later in the game. While this isn't necessarily bad, you really start to get annoyed by the ""put the connector on the box and let the box fly up to establish the connection""-puzzles. That and the ""cross the beam"" puzzles.b)Some puzzles are impossible to solve unless you throw away your previous knowledge about the game and start experimenting like a doofus. Great example is the first puzzle that requires you to pick up a box from higher ground. You've been taught before that this isn't possible, so you end up not even trying that. This kind of stuff got me stuck two or three times."
,Recommended,257510,26261922,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Andem,"really liked this game. Puzzles are a bit like portal. You enter a room, have a few objects and just grab the thing you need, and you're done. The difference tho is there's a hub world and you can do the puzzles in any order you like and come and go.The story itself is pretty nice too. I wouldn't say its amazing, but it keeps you interested, and even when you do figure it out, the game doesn't keep like holding itself as a mystery anymore saying like ""WHAT IS THIS PLACE WHAT IS IT!!! Wow!!!"" and just kinda accepts that part of the mystery is over.The music is extremely calm and relaxing and very enjoyable.Graphics/art style is a bit ugly, but I give it a pass since everything else is really nicely done.DLC was actually worth it too!! That's pretty rare these days. DLC was probably my favorite. Don't want to spoil much, but it focuses a lot more on talking with the characters in game in a forum like setting and has some cute text (very short) based adventures. The puzzles are probably at their best their too.The puzzles are very varied and often change up the  gimmicks to keep it mostly fresh. The only ones that are absolutely terrible are the ""record yourself"" puzzles, but luckily they don't make up a majority of the puzzles. That's the only real con I have with it, since you mostly will end up having to stand around for 30+ seconds acting as a platform or just as a box on a button. It's a bit foolish.There's stars and extra challenge puzzles too that could probably drive a normal person insane with how tough they are. Luckily the main stuff is very very doable, but not too easy either.If you like puzzle games, I think this is a must have. It's really relaxing and easy going. It often goes on sale for pretty cheap too. I very much recommend it to any puzzle fans"
,Recommended,257510,22409440,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Аsdolg,"The game is great, as an every game from CroTeam. Of course, it was a bit unexectable to recieve (for us) and dangerous to make (for them) this game, after several shoot-kill-beat SS games, but they made it, and made it great.For me, this game wasnt only great experience of phylosophy and brain-exploding, but it was also an inspiration. My team even decided to make one possible sequel (unofficial TTP 2, if you want so =P).Buy it. Play it. It's great."
76561198019128887,Recommended,257510,13802334,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,XWING @ALICIOUSNESS,"As an avid Serious Sam player and overall fan of Croteam and Devolver, I was pretty shocked when they made a puzzle game. Even more so at the fact that it causes you to ponder philosophical quesions. Serious Sam is a 3D doom shootemup, not so big on story and philosophy. But, since they haven't failed me since they started making games nearly 15 years ago, i bought it.I'm not even finished yet and its probably in my top 5 games of all time. Since its an adventure puzzler, I'll do a quick comparison to Portal 2:Pros:- Best damn responsive mechanics/controls in any game ever. Perfectly simple.- Higher difficulty end-game content (at least in my opinion)- Classic Croteam secrets. Plenty of em and ranging from easy to impossibly hidden.- Nostalgic Serious Sam feel. Same engine, tons of documents that make it feel like Netrisca, and even a visit to Egypt!Cons:- Witty, but not nearly as humorous as Portal 2.- Price is scary. A lot of games in the genre flop, and most dont cost as much.All in all, I like it better than Portal 2, Qube, or any other game like it. Get it!"
,Recommended,257510,13344500,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,S3f1r :3,"Great logical game, the philosophical side of plot is amazing, one of the best games if you want to think about your existence and the possible future :)"
76561197968956752,Recommended,257510,19602978,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,glub ♥Linux,"✔ Excellent graphics engine, very competent and offers very good performance✔ Mesmerizing environments, splendid artistic choices✔ Excellent level  and puzzle design✔ Great soundtracks, very fitting✔ Great writing, multiple branches/choices and endings, great story overall✔ Very good control scheme, feels tight and responsive✔ A lot of secrets and out-of-bounds things to discover✔ Super polished production overall✔ GNU/Linux support!✘ Textures tend to unload/load too frequently and are too noticable, but it can be forgiven given the theme of the game.Highly... highly... HIGHLY recommended."
,Recommended,257510,29609129,Posted: 31 January,all,Sandwich Maker 2000,"Pls pls pls make Talos Principle 2 in some way, pleeeaaaaaase. Thanks bye."
,Recommended,257510,16462663,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,himmatsj,"This is truly a wonderful puzzle game. Puzzle designs are inventive, and it has got a decent (though at many times, vague) philosophical narrative.If you've played a game like Portal and liked the puzzle solving there, then I suppose you'd like The Talos Principle as well. Some puzzles will have you stumped for a while, but thankfully the game has an ""open"" system where you can play puzzles in any order you like, so long as you have unlocked an area. Many times, I'd skip a difficult puzzle after pulling my hair out for an hour or two, only to return after playing all other puzzles in a given area to solve it within seconds or minutes. Perspective matters.It's nice how the game has multiple endings based on how many puzzles you solved (there are basic puzzles, advanced puzzles, and then collecting stars), as well as depending on how well you listened to or disobeyed Elohim. And say you get Ending A...the game has a unique save system that allows you to go back a little in time to experience another ending, instead of needing to start a wholly new game. Though in one case, if you do something, it wouldn't lead to one particular ending no matter what.I solved every single puzzle, and it took me 20 odd hours to complete the game. I didn't go hunting for the stars though, cause that seemed quite challenging and I thought I got what I needed out of the game by then already.There's also a text based choice mine-game with the computer program, that is kinda interesting.My singular complaint would be that the game kinda drags along around the 2/3rds point. It definitely could have been condensed a bit more, something which the devs have admitted in their post-mortem. Also, it was kinda disappointing that the 3rd area looked a lot like the first area...would have been nice if there was a whole new setting/landscape. The visuals as such while impressive, did get boring after a while.Overall, I would say this is a great game. It has got multiple tiers of puzzles, so you can choose to do the easy ones, or the challenging ones, or the hardcore ones (getting all stars), and get ""rewarded"" accordingly with different endings. The narrative at times also makes you to pause and think for a moment, ponder over what was just said. Oh, and the soundtrack...SIMPLY AMAZING! This is the first time I have purchased a soundtrack for a game on Steam!"
,Recommended,257510,27695491,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tu cabeza en un pica,Such a great game. Mixes philosphy and puzzles with a colorfull chilling enviroment. Higly recomended.
76561198052694676,Recommended,257510,27494022,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bladius,"I nominated The Talos Principle as ""The Best Game  of My Life"" during first Steam Awards.Piece of exceptional art like this comes out once per... Well, just once."
,Recommended,257510,33147381,Posted: 2 July,all,TheLegend27,"For me it rivals and even defeat portal as one masterpiece of puzzles gamesThe scenarios are stunning, this game has excellent aesthetics using superb graphics, 10/10 would stop looking a wall texture for minutes again.The puzzles difficult stands in a crescent linear curve, you feel how rewarding it is as you pass throught harder and more advanced levels, mechanics are portal like, but you got prims to deflect light rays instead of a portal gun, among with other elements that you will have to combine sometimes.then the story: this game has a good philosophical background and interactions with NPCs that will leave you wondering about the very meaning of life while you're already breaking your head and stacking boxes on top of fans with a prism over it"
76561198030905002,Recommended,257510,25361370,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,tranvandon,"As a senior citizen, I like this game because:it engages my mind rather than my reflexesit follows a consistent set of rules for the most partit has large and clear fonts for readingit has clearer outlines for placement of objects since a recent patchpuzzles are mostly deciperable through observation and logictolerances for clicking are good enough for my impaired handsHowever, there are a couple of puzzles that I consider to be outside of the rules of this universe. These have to do mainly with invisible objects. I had to resort to using the community guides to find these solutions."
,Recommended,257510,29355815,Posted: 19 January,all,Magyarharcos,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ If portal is a puzzle game then this is the grandfather of all puzzles.100/10
,Recommended,257510,13734506,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dark Aasimon,I was hesitant at first when i read that this game was like portal.After playing it I was amazed. As you interact more with the computers in the game you start to question some of the morality not just in the game but in real world as well.Most interesting aspect of the game is that you have to think outside the box in some levels in order to get to the special stars.The game has 3 completely different endings depending on what you do.
,Recommended,257510,26916024,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ShortNightKnight,"One of the best Games I have ever played!If you are interested in Games like Myst, Portal, The Room etc. or / and philospohical themes like The Stanley Parable, this Game is for you (I am not saying these games are identical or even similar, I'm talking about the general vibe)."
,Recommended,257510,13322197,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Coldbrew,"Good looks, simple yet challenging puzzle elements, and a philosophical setting that will make you constantly question your very existence and the world around you make for a unique, exciting, and rewarding experience. PCWorld claimed it was ""The best puzzler since Portal"" and I'm inclined to agree. If you're already interested enough to be looking at reviews and contemplating the purchase, it will likely be well worth your time and money so just do it!"
,Recommended,257510,13369668,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Clinicaldaz,"Don't believe all of the positve reviews on here. Try it for yourself. If you have half a brain you'll be more impressed with this game than any review could have prepared you for, even this one. Especially this one.I've only played this for Three hours, but immediately it's evident that this is a special game.  Indeed, it's more than a game. It's a beautiful, provocative, thought experiment AND a wonderful, challenging experience as well. There's nothing at all bad or disappointing about it. If anything it's just a bit difficult to take too much of it in one sitting as it really challenges your intellect.If you're a bumbling idiot who'd rather be shooting 13 year olds screaming expletives into a headset, move along.Because you're reading reviews for a game like Talos Principle already suggests that you're not. In which case you should really download this and play it.It's almost as good as Portal. It's probably better."
76561198003769407,Recommended,257510,23965341,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Stavos,"Absolutely breathtaking!The Talos Principleis wholly deserving of all the acclaim and every accolade it has received.  The visual art is understated, yet is easily able to enthrall with its atmospheric beauty.  The soundtrack is filled with the requisite melancholy supported by an inspiring sense of wonder and hopefulness.  The gameplay, while not completely original in basic concept, is presented in such a brilliant way as to be a picture of stellar first/third-person puzzle game design.Then there is the story.It's absolutely breathtaking!It shines as Croteam's ultimate achievement.  Unlike so many movies, television shows and video games these days,The Talos Principledoes not hold your hand and walk you through the intricacies of the plot.  To truly have the complete experience, you must explore wide and think deep.Who will likely enjoyThe Talos Principle?Those who enjoy puzzle games likePortal, Portal 2, AntechamberorThe Stanley Parable.Those who enjoy games with philosophical underpinnings and captivating ambience likeThe Witness.Who will likelynotenjoyThe Talos Principle?Those who are not fond of pure puzzle games.  The plot and puzzles are the only aspects that invite persistence.  Outside of minor platforming, there is little action to be found here.Those who find contemplation of existential philosopy boring or offensive.  However, a large portion of the deeper story elements can be skipped entirely if desired.This is an experience for the gaming ages andwhole-heartedly recommended!"
76561198078784788,Recommended,257510,25888488,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,mafalda_157,"Gorgeous, philosophical and thought-provoking. The cleverest game I've ever had the pleasure of playing."
76561198109174620,Recommended,257510,29488545,Posted: 25 January,all,Grab them by the heavy,"One of the very greats.Hard to review because you really don't want to say too much.The gameplay is good, with both dynamic and more reflective puzzles, i'll quote portal and myst as inspiration.The game is gorgeous and the exploration of its world is a journey on its own.The narrative is the single greatest i have ever encoutered in a video game.If you are looking for a game on the ""cerebral side"" -while staying completly accessible to anyone- this is a must have played."
,Recommended,257510,22956792,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Samindigo,"This game has literally become one of my favorite games.The story is deep and rich with philosophical and religious themes, the scenery looks amazing, and the music is great and makes it very immersive! Now I like challenging puzzles, but not TOO challenging you know; and the puzzles in this game give me just the right amount of challenge without the rage of tryharding for hours on end. And you can also find plenty of funny eater eggs just about everywhere!Also honestly I just love robots, they're neat.Amazing game really, can't recommend enough!!"
,Recommended,257510,25874876,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Manbeast,"When I first played Portal 1 I was amazed at the puzzling possibilities it offered and wondered how they could improve upon it in a sequel.Then Portal 2 improved upon it with cooperative mode, gels, launching platforms and other mechanics and I wondered how any other game could rival these excellent mechanics.And then The Talos Principle came along and blew my mind a third time.An excellent first person story-driven puzzle game with some exploration elements to it. I liked that you could explore and try levels at your own leisure, with no need to complete them in a specific order or even leave some unsolved for later.If you don't much care for the philosophical and narrative elements, worry not, that's all optional."
,Recommended,257510,15006875,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Tecman,"A journey I thoroughly enjoyed. The puzzles were mostly very well designed. The game made me feel very dumb a lot of times (until I realized the whole picture) and the psychology/existentialist stuff actually started to matter to the game's narrative later on (and I started to enjoy them instead of snickering at them). I also really liked the aesthetics of the various worlds/levels you're in. I really liked how the game uses your friends list (and the people who own Talos on it) with the messages you can leave behind and then some spoilery stuff later on.I do wish the puzzles themselves were a bit more malleable, and it had a couple of stinkers, but oh well."
76561198192804117,Recommended,257510,24120256,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Möebius,One of a kind experience...Amazing...Go buy The Talos Principle and stop reading reviews about it...
,Recommended,257510,34518671,Posted: 26 August,all,Sun,"Came for fun puzzles, finished because of desire of finding answers to ethernal philosophical questions about what is mean to be a human. And awesome story and atmosphere. And gameplay...Outstanding good game which brings much more than you can expect, cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,257510,13839088,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,c0d3r.4ndy,"Absolutely wonderful surprise. As seems to be the case for quite a few people, I'd heard the best part of nothing of this game until very recently. I stumbled upon the demo and really liked it; enough so that I the immediately sought out and purchased the full game at normal price rather than waiting for an inevitable Steam sale.Having put in a little over 11 hours today (oops!) I'm not regretting it at all. Graphically it is certainly pleasant enough and I'm really liking the soundtrack, and will probably end up buying that too, but the content itself is really what stands out. The puzzles have all been enjoyable so far and there have definitely been a few that were challenging enough to really feel quite chuffed with yourself when you get them. The story/dialogue gets you thinking even more than the puzzles at times and is the main reason I've not been able to put it down since starting. I don't want to give away any spoilers but I will say that it manages to cover some interesting philosophical topics without coming off as pretentious.Massive thumbs up from me. If I didn't have work tomorrow you can be damn sure I would still be playing now!"
,Recommended,257510,21362394,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,(O)RE,"In the beginning were the Words,and the Words made the world.I am the Words.The Words are everything.Where the Words end,the world ends.You cannot go forwardin an absence of space.Repeat.User reviews: Overwhelmingly PositiveThat's for a reason."
,Recommended,257510,22304139,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,＠ｐｉｒｓ,"Greek philosophy, beautiful scenery and the best puzzles I've seen on a video game. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,257510,21824196,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Birkin=BH=,"The first-person puzzle game, prepared by the creators of the series Serious Sam. In the production we need to solve a series of puzzles, based on different mechanisms and use different laws of physics. The action takes place in the digital world, we wake up as a robot who does not know anything about their origins, but with time we learn more and more, the game is especially recommended persons loving beautiful views, as well as screen shots.  Recommended to all!"
76561197990725234,Recommended,257510,13664712,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,guitarbloke,"The Talos principle is the best sort of puzzle game; it explores the ramifications of a small number of mechanics in a gradual and intuitive way, and rarely repeats itself.  The presentation is excellent and it runs well on a midrange desktop/upper-midrange laptop.  The emphasis on breaking out of the map in order to complete bonus objectives will bring many a nostalgic tear to the eye of anybody who ever enjoyed a '90s fps."
,Recommended,257510,13628641,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,The Tigerman,"A game, beautiful in it's intelligent design and nerve racking puzzles.Never before have I encountered a game that draws the player into such deep philosophical discussions and challenges your opinions and beliefs.If you are unsure because of the steep price: Don't be. Give this game a chance. You will not regret it."
76561198123821473,Recommended,257510,28384134,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,reocedas,"Incredible...I received that game on sale, and I wasn't expecting so much about it (I figured 'Oh there is a robot, a cat, and a good evaluation'). And as I like puzzle games, I finally bought it.That game is probably the best game I ever played. The puzzles are great, not too hard but not too simple (some of theme gave me a headache) and the story... Oh my god the story... I mean, probably not the most original story, but so well related... You discover the purpose of all that surround you step by step and through discrete elements, and you remain at the and of the game full of question.I will definitely do this game again, and try to have all the stars and all the success."
76561198028300613,Recommended,257510,33437153,Posted: 10 July,all,ColdFusion,"This game is amazing in nearly every aspect it promises to deliver: immersive environments, mildly difficult puzzles, insane secrets (aka ""The Eagle has landed."", I mean, come on Croteam... ), spectacular voice acting, abundant reading material and a vivid background story to everything you encounter during your endeavor to comprehend what the world has to offer.The game also manages to induce cognitive dissonance regarding your choices as a character who strives to question the fabric of reality woven by the developers while trying to stay within the bounds of consistency and rationality(?).The philosophical approaches and dialogues are engaging, and become increasingly meaningful and relevant as you progress in the storyline. Provides a well-established materialistic approach to ontology and consciousness, if that's your thing.But, let's cut the generic crap here. What's ASTOUNDING about this game is that this was made by the people who made the Serious Sam games.That's right. Serious f*****g Sam.Remember those mindless shooter games in which you killed endless hordes of stupid enemies for nearly no reason whatsoever?Croteam, whom I thought did not give a rat's bottom about meaningful plots, dialogues or narratives, made this game. Feels like a miracle to me (or an unveiling of previously untapped potential). More of this stuff, please!9/10."
76561197984324400,Recommended,257510,31070406,Posted: 10 April,all,SonOfThunder,"It's like Portal, in that it's a bunch of (mostly) self-contained puzzle areas. But The Talos Principle excells beyond Portal in a number of ways.1) Talos Principle is wonderfully, even forcibly, non-linear. You can come and go from any puzzle as you please. As you solve puzzles, you earn sigils, which act as an abstract form of currency, allowing you to unlock...2) A fun roster of puzzle elements! As you progress, puzzles become more complex, more challenging, and more rewarding.Talos Principle caters to a wide variety of active puzzle solvers. If you're the type that hates getting stuck on that one, frustrating, infuriating, nonsense puzzle, just skip it. Very few puzzles are absolutely mandatory. You just need to solve a certain number of them to progress. But if you're the completionist type that wants an extreme challenge, you'll get more than you bargained for here. The numerous optional star puzzles often require outside-the-box puzzle solving, ranging in difficulty from very hard to irrationally punishing.If you need to kill things and hate thinking, avoid this game. But if you have any affinity at all for creative puzzle solving, you'll love The Talos Principle."
,Recommended,257510,33144358,Posted: 2 July,all,⟣wolfmurphy⟢,Been Interested in this for some time. It was a good price on the summer sale.I am not disapointed. I have just scratched the surface and I have enjoyed the envirobment and the puzzles.
,Recommended,257510,31057607,Posted: 10 April,all,Dorramu,"An amazing puzzle game, puzzles are fun to solve and think about if you like them. Very easy controls and hours worth of gameplay. Story and plot are probably some of the best I've ever seen if you get into it, very deep game which could even teach you a few things about life if you listened. Honestly one of the best games I've ever played would recommend it to anyone who enjoys puzzles or a game that makes you think about deep topics."
,Recommended,257510,13496724,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Captain Orgazmo,"Great philosophical concept from SS developpers. Magnificent atmosphere and challanging puzzles, adding great music and vuala: 9,5/10"
,Recommended,257510,23900076,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BuIlDaLiBlE,"The Talos Principle... Fascinating game, really. The story keeps you going to the end along with the secrets and reference easter eggs which can make you smile or even surprise with: ""oh my, this specific reference is so genius!"". Game mechanic is also great, every game item can be combined to create stunning puzzles. On the other side is... DLC. Yea. Honestly, it sucked. I mean, its story didn't go far away from original game (maybe for someone that's a good thing), puzzles are extra hard (again, maybe this DLC is for someone for whom original game isn't enough), but my opinion on this one is that it's a sh.it. Yes, there - I said it.Now, enough hate. Overall this game is awesome, it runs on Serious Engine (the same engine used in Serious Sam) which gives you very good graphics, realistically good. I'd recommend this game to all Serious Sam fans that got kinda boring shooting in every godda.mn level (this game has a minigun, tho you'll not be able to use it, heheh!) and want to just chill and relax with a beautiful music that was composed by the same guy who composed music for Serious Sam (Damjan Mravunac)! Now go and buy this game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,257510,17586613,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Krolmar,Great puzzle game with plot full of philosophical and religious questions and notes as bonus. Solid 8/10.
,Recommended,257510,31817774,Posted: 18 May,all,StarrLord,Do you want to cry? Not because something has gotten you down or you're sad. Would it intrigue you to shed tears because you witnessed something beautiful or inspiring? You should check out The Talos Principle. Also if you like puzzle games then you also would like it.
,Recommended,257510,23143802,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Nick,"The Talos Principle is afantasticphilisophical puzzle game, that makes you question a lot more than the Portal-esque labyrinths that are set before you.GameplayFrom a puzzle perspective, this game is very much a cross between Myst and Portal. Each ""level"" has various areas with logic puzzles where you have to manipulate lasers, open doors, beware of turrets with red lasers, the works. What makes this game like Myst as well is there always seems to be a puzzle to solveoutsideof the independent areas, whether it be redirecting a laser from one puzzle to another, or leaving one puzzle in a particular state so that you can access some part of it from another location.If you enjoy puzzles for the pure sake of doing puzzles, with no rhyme or reason, no matter the difficulty, then you'll love this game. But if you're anything like me, these puzzles will become slightly tedious, and you'll care more about the lore and getting to the end than solvingeverypuzzle that the game puts in front of you (because, for the most satisfying endings, you need to solve just about every single one). Luckily, there's plenty of solutions and walkthroughs online if you can't will yourself to finish alone.Story/LoreThis is what makes this game phenomenal. The story and lore in this game is Witcher 3-level deep. I'm talking tons of audio logs, hundreds of text logs, QR codes on the walls, and a fantastic narrative to follow it. This game would be great as a visual novel, that alone should say something about how great this story is. It makes you question your place in the world and you fall in love with characters you don't even meet.MusicThe music is nothing to rave about, but the tracks are very nice, giving a creepy ambiance to the game. The tracks also change based on the themes of the areas, which is nice.Jumpscares?While this game has a sort of horror ambiance, there's no real intentional jumpscares. The death animation is a bit jarring andthere's one scene after the last puzzle in B1 that involves 'screaming', it's a bit jumpscare-y.Overall, this game is fantastic. The environment, lore, and ambiance is fantastic alone, but paired with a difficult puzzler, it's a must buy."
,Recommended,257510,15172482,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Izanami,Fantastic game! Must have for all puzzle games fans!!!
,Recommended,257510,22819762,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,AJ Fernandez,"The puzzles are hard, but dont be discouraged! The game doesnt treat you like a child and is an awesome experience. Play it!"
76561197981125828,Recommended,257510,13607497,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,N3rv3s82,"Portal is my all time favorite game. It is a prefect 10. The Talos Principle is a wonderfully satisfying 9. If puzzles and great story telling are your thing, then play this game. An added bonus is all the great hidden secretes scattered throughout the game. Searching the hidden corners is very rewarding because you are likely to find a treat."
76561197993077729,Recommended,257510,25415476,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Sakuto,"One of the best, if not The Best puzzle/problem solving game in recent years. Further into the game the difficulty is fairly high, but not impossible - actually having to digest or consider something overnight can be considered a bonus, after all, what's the point of playing this type of game, if you only seek quick, instant (cheap) gratification? The philosophical background story is intriguing as well, but the classic philosophy seems to run out a bit early. A great game in every case, very well executed in every way.""You shall be the memory of all that was, and the knowledge of the journey, and the shape of the days to come."""
,Recommended,257510,17730426,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Sheppard,"Fantastic game! Riddles, puzzles, fantastic graphics, philosophy. It will make you question everything. Really puts the brain to work. The story is good and keeps you wondering until the very end. It makes you want to find out the truth, find out what it is all about.I'm truly impressed by the elegance and intelligent design of this game, as well as the subtle critique to religion. I'm left contemplating after each game session.For science, humanity's only hope!11/10"
,Recommended,257510,34512646,Posted: 26 August,all,baby,"TOP 3 BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! TOP QUALITY IN EVERYTHING!!Extremely recommended, it's amazing, fun, challenging, can play this for 1000 hour and dont get bored, hell you can put some Lil Uzi song and go around do the puzzles and be chill!I played every single Workshop/community made maps/campaign and all the DLCs, I'd rate this 10000000/10 and can't wait for Talos Principle 2 :)buy it :wnheart:"
,Recommended,257510,22768319,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Brenex,"Fantastic game, unique experience!HIGHLY Recommended, that ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" is there for a reason."
,Recommended,257510,13374770,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,FibberSteve,"What an experience this turned out to be. Absolutely love the music, the narration, the little details like the messages and audio logs, the Tower.. really beautiful game. The music though, my goodness I can't emphasize how much I'm into the soundtrack. I'm a sucker for the piano.Solving the puzzles were really satisfying.  Very very surprised from this title by Croteam.  10/10 game, will have to go back and collect the rest of the hidden stars."
76561198226528152,Recommended,257510,22857608,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,bluehawaiiASTR,"Bought this game out of curiosity and the steam sale price...never been huge on puzzle/indie strategy games but I must say after playing it even for an hour, one of the best games I've ever encountered so far. To me it feels like Portal/Portal 2, but with a purpose and more story and depth. So if you're into the Portal feel or looking to try something new (I was getting tired of COD and Borderlands Series) definitely worth it"
76561198119788499,Recommended,257510,19026111,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Pietro KC,"The Talos Principle is a fantastic game by Croatian studio Croteam.In TTP you are a kind of android who has just woken up in a strange place, a mix of ancient ruins and advanced technology. You don't know who you are or what's going on. A booming voice from the sky says it loves you and wants you to have faith, but also it has some tests in store for you. You feel like Adam & Eve in the Garden of Eden, except you're alone.TTP is about personhood, consciousness, AI, the Turing test, and related ideas. And I really mean it addresses those topics. A lot of games that try to incorporate philosophy fail at it; often it boils down to superficial mentions of standard ideas, maybe they name a character Nietzsche or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you're supposed to go, ""whoa"".Not this game. TTP draws from incredibly varied sources and truly approaches its questions from all sides. For instance, in the game we hear about men made of metal from Greek myth, conceptual precursors to Turing's thinking machines and our android, in a sense. We learn about how ancient Egyptians believed the soul to be composed of five elements (heart, shadow, name, personality, spark) and are treated to a breathtaking parallel between each of these elements and what it takes to be a person (I won't spoil it). This kind of fullness of exploration --- what can we put into a machine to make it a person? what do we need to take away from a person to make them no longer a person? --- characterizes the whole game.An important character in TTP is someone you only chat with through a computer terminal. They question you on your beliefs regarding the nature of consciousness and personhood and encourage you to rebel against the voice in the sky --- a Turing test with the Serpent, as it were. What I found amazing was that you can choose how you answer the questions, and the game CALLS OUT inconsistencies in your responses!The actual gameplay consists of solving Portal-style puzzles (there are no portals though). They're very well designed and a lot of fun. To get through them you employ geometric, combinatorial, physical, and even temporal reasoning (there's a mechanic reminiscent of Braid). What's more, the puzzles tie in with the overarching theme --- one can easily imagine puzzles like these being the very basis of an intelligence test!Once you realize this, you start paying attention to your own thought processes as you solve them, wondering, ""what exact thoughts make me intelligent?"" I've been playing puzzle games for years and I'd never done this; it is mind-blowing. You actually realize that a lot of the time you're not being intelligent at all, but running an algorithm you can even put into words: ""where do I need to go? What's blocking my path? What do I need to unblock the path? Let's look for that thing."" There are plenty of moments where you need to get creative, but given all the ideas in the game, you can't help but wonder: maybe creativity is just when you can't put your algorithm into words?Finally, on top of being extremely thought-provoking, the story is moving, and truly epic --- in the original sense of ""epic"". I had a lump in my throat at the end.An amazing game on all levels, I give it 11/10. This is one of the games to rub in the face of anyone who claims games aren't art. The visuals are gorgeous to boot, it had been a while since I'd audibly gasped at graphics in a videogame."
,Recommended,257510,14915838,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,BlackSoul,"You should definitely try this game :)As a fan of Q.U.B.E. I've got this game on sale. Despite the amount of positive reviews I was skeptical about this game, was thinking that it couldn't be as good as Q.U.B.E. was.Even though I didn't finish the game yet (2 of 3 levels are done), I see how wrong I was.It has funny puzzles, beautiful graphics, nice decoration, user-friendly movement. But that's not what makes this game special.It inspires you, attracts you to discover the world around you. Introduces you to philosophy and makes you think about different things in a new way. Contains many secrets. Makes you to hesitate and to think before making decisions.If you love history of ancient world, if you love philosophy, if you love to use your brain and at the same time to play in a beautiful world full of straight and hidden paths then you will love this game too."
76561198005645191,Recommended,257510,14698502,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,pioio,Amazing game. Straightforward gameplay and entertaining puzzles. Good hours of fun. The game has a background existecialist philosophy which makes it even more interesting.Recommended!
76561198025830901,Recommended,257510,25437485,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,514Y3R,"Oh how I love this game, let me count the ways...I do actually think I prefer this game to Portal. The puzzle mechanics are interesting and the gameplay is in turns fun, challenging, and really ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating. The story is actually what I like best, though. A lot of interesting philosophical principles get tossed around and there's a lot of lore to be found.I've gotten all three endings, and completed the DLC, and I just love this game to bits. Maybe not would-buy-it-at-full-price kind of love, but I definitely recommend it to everyone who will listen when it's on sale."
76561197971275294,Recommended,257510,13797081,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,unsub,"This game makes you think. Really. It's deep.If you like Portal, you will love this game. And i will explain why this game is even better than the Portal series.When i say that this game makes you think, i mean in the way that you will even start to question your own excistense and conciousness. Let me explain.The puzzles are, puzzling. And indeed, hard and frustrating at times. But the sense of accomplishment when you reach your goal is very satisfying. Thats the best feeling you get.But forget about the puzzles for a minute. The story of this game is incredible. I would call it a mix of psychological and philosofical. And it is what's truly great about this game.Do NOT rush trough this game. Read everything, and contemplate every idea or concept.The game questions conciousness and excistance, angled toward man vs machine. I think you get idea, its a science fiction game in that sense.Anyways. I cannot explain this any better, im not smart enough. But this is the best game i have ever played in this genre. And it wipes the floor with Portal 1-2. And i LOVED those games.The atmosphere is great, i love the soundstrack and the soundeffects. Great work. And the design and graphics are also very clean and beautiful. And i can honestly say, i only experienced one bug. And it was a minor one. So the game runs smoothly.I hope they add multiplayer. And that they get a good workshop community. Cause this game could last a decade."
,Recommended,257510,14674524,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Scoobert Doobert,"One of the best puzzle video games I've ever played. A lot of variety and many ""aha!"" moments to be had. A few of the puzzles are more busy work than actual brain-teasers but these are few and far in between. For those who have played Portal and are expecting something similar, be warned that this game ranges from pathetically easy to crushingly difficult (much more so than either of the Portal games) in its puzzles, of which there are well over 100. The game's replay value lies mainly in its multiple endings. An absolute must have if you love or even kind of like puzzle games. Even those who are indifferent to puzzle games should try it.For those who are prone to depression, think twice about playing this game. It's more than capable of striking the fear of god into your heart with existential dread thanks to its philosophical storyline, which can make you wonder about the value of your own life and the lives of those around you.A $40 price tag may seem heavy for a puzzle game but it's well worth every penny. Best game of 2014 in my opinion."
76561198005906069,Recommended,257510,14993673,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Power Of Syndra,"This game shows how computer games evolved beyond just simple entertainment. This is a piece of literature, art and a challanging game in one! It even makes me love it way more than I ever loved Portal! It is an amazing piece of philosophy, puzzle and story that makes you think a lot about us, the earth and the universe.This actually made me very happy to be a human! And it also made me not worry about being a robot, too! We are all sentient beings and maybe they are the next step of our evolution! :)"
,Recommended,257510,15282154,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,dpi.erico [TF2 Odds Collector],"Easily put, this game is 75% fantastic puzzles with hidden secrets, 25% philosophy/(ethic) decision-making.This game will make you questions existence of everything you know, including (and perhaps foremost) yourself, ask questions that leave you pondering for minutes, and confront you with choices that feel like they're the most important ones of your life. You'll become paranoid of your surroundings, and insecure in your decisions, and you'll love the game for it.A compelling storyline within a world not unlike the Animus experience (Assassin's Creed), mixed with Portal-style gameplay, combined with philosophy.. best game I played in a long time!"
,Recommended,257510,24438822,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Visionary,"About three or four hours in, I found myself leaning back from my desk, gazing off at a virtual shoreline while absorbing a piano soundtrack, and trying to reconcile the enjoyable experience I'd been having playing this game with the overpowering melancholy that the most recent scenario had just inspired.The Talos Principle's lasting impact is not in its mechanics , nor in its beautifully-sculpted visual and level design, nor in its hidden narrative. The game's power comes from combining these elements to intentionally challenge the player's perceptions: those of the simulation, of the real world around them, and ultimately, of themselves.This is one of the greatest pieces of artwork that I have ever experienced, and while the replayability factor is fairly low, I am still quite glad for the experience."
76561198027388146,Recommended,257510,13857226,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,TheAppetizer,"An awesome first-person sci-fi puzzle game that inevitably calls to mind Portal.  If you liked Portal's puzzles, you will like the Talos Principle's which are similar in that your avenues for problem solving are largely determined by the tools in the environment.  You'll start out needing only an electronics jammer to disable hologram gate thingies, turrets, and floating death spheres but puzzles will soon get more complex and introduce new elements such as redirectable lasers.  Overall, I found the puzzles very fun and challenging.Other than the style of puzzles and some superficial similarities, The Talos Principle does things quite differently from Portal.  For one thing, the puzzles are not layed out linearly.  Each puzzle will give you a tetronimo and certain combinations of tetronimos can unlock new puzzle areas or puzzle-solving gadgets.  So some puzzles have interchangable prerequisites, but if you ever get stuck on one there are plenty of others you can work on instead.What I think really makes this game special is the narrative, which also gives you some choice in how it plays out.  Your primary interaction with the narrative is in the dialogue you'll have with a program that communicates through computer terminals throughout the game.  The dialogue is philisophical in nature, focusing a lot on personhood, and though I occasionally felt none of the dialogue options let me say what I wanted to, this happened surprisingly rarely considering the depth of the conversation topics.  I generally felt like I was having a real conversation.There is a lot more to like about the narrative such as its allegorical elements and tight use of literary works, but basically if you like portal-esque puzzles or pondering ideas, you should give this game a shot."
,Recommended,257510,17194769,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,scoot,"This is hands-down one of the best games I've played in a very long time. I expected a light-hearted FPS puzzle game and got a very sophisticated, philosophical 'experience' (Talos Principle is not 100% 'game') that has me question a lot of things in life. And I really enjoyed it. The proper ending (Transcendence) of the three endings Talos Pinciple has to offer is just mind-blowing and makes you question the very fabric of reality.10/10 would erase from my memory and play again"
76561198163968633,Recommended,257510,32327147,Posted: 10 June,all,BuNdL,"This is the first puzzle game I have ever played. The puzzles are interesting, and they keep you thinking about them even when you are not in the game anymore. Some of them I couldn't solve so I had to get a hint from youtube, but I recommend that only if you are really, really stuck. Road to Gehenna is amazing, with a great story. Also, the feeling when you sovle a puzzle is amazing, u feel really good. But this game can also change your mind about your intelligence.This is one of the best single player games that I've ever played, and I can't wait for TTP 2."
,Recommended,257510,15688501,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Kreuscher,"A gem in terms of game design. The Talos Principle offers diverse, clever puzzles that properly challenge the player, without ever being either too punishing or too obvious. The game has beautiful graphics and an atmosphere that really sets the overall tone, and delivers a minimalistic story that seamlessly meshes biblical mythology with eschatological science fiction (mostly in a non-intrusive, player-driven way). I actually (and not just rhetorically) found myself wondering at some of the philosophical questions the writers threw at me, pausing at times to read over a text or listen to an audio for the second time, alternately challenging *POSSIBLE SPOILERS* the voice in the sky and the uncanny word-processor in the terminals *END OF POSSIBLE SPOILERS*. As I advanced through the game, it really felt like progress – learning new mechanics, new questions, new theories as to what the answers might be; not to mention the knowledge of past (fictional) players who came before, and how to build upon their insights. In a nutshell, this is a very mature game, bold and confident, and deservingly so. The only negative comment I can make is that it instigated my curiosity a little too much a bit too early, and I found myself rushing through the last two chambers in a state of frenzy – just so that I could fully understand the story and how everything fit together. Overall, it was a great experience."
,Recommended,257510,34050854,Posted: 5 August,all,CDNexus,"The talos principal, the game where initially you frustratedly try to explain what makes you alive and concious, then after a while start questioning if you are really alive and concious.Also, some puzzles..."
76561198285635216,Recommended,257510,22860569,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,l0b0,"Good game, nice story, great puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,13480049,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,[F!] Aldershot,"Below you'll find a video and written impression on the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icn-YVbvIbQThe Talos Principle is a philosophical first person puzzler. You'll be exploring gorgeous environments as you solve puzzle to puzzle, so you can collect pieces to complete other puzzles! While you tickle your brain, the game slowly unfolds a loose narrative that explores themes of the self, and the existential. Philosophy majors, this game is practically made for you!Though it all could sound slightly pretentious,  the creatively designed puzzles that seems to hit just the right mark in difficulty and satisfaction, that I think even the most modest of puzzle players (like myself) can find a lot of enjoyment from The Talos Principle. If you're not into heavy philosophical themes, the good news is the gameplay is more than enough as the focal point.The Talos principle also features some of the best graphics I've seen this year in games. Not only are the texture, model, and lighting quality expertly crafted, but the design, the idea of mixing multiple timeline motifs, is equally worth praising. Those who enjoy a great sound track from their games won't be disappointed here either.To be honest, I have a hard time coming up with a negative for this game. I am really enjoying it so far, and I find most every aspect of it very satisfying. I think the only thing that might be keeping some potential players away is the price point. $40 is defiantly a higher end price point for what a lot consider and indie game. I don't agree with the notion that indie games need to be set at a lower price point, but I am also aware it does exists. What I will say is that the game has a presentation quality that in my opinion, is on the same level as many AAA games, while retaining that creative freedom that indie games have come to be known for.Pros:- Creative and satisfying puzzles- Gorgeous art and design- Great OST- Intrigueing narrativeCons:- Might be pricey for some"
,Recommended,257510,15498048,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Iron Dagger,"1010/1010An event not meant to be hastened as critical thinking and problem solving skills are prerequisite. Patience is a Virtue that will be greatly rewarded, reliant upon obedience vs. truth in a construct's daring and exciting activity calling for enterprise and enthusiasm."
76561198025407510,Recommended,257510,23406274,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,NamesAmIRight,"One of my favorite games of the past couple years, and possibly ever. The visuals are amazing (but can stress your system, as you might expect). The story is presented in an interesting way and has some thought-provoking stuff along the way. And then of course the puzzles are what make it. They're challenging and require you to think out the solutions, but at the same time, none of them feel cheap, or have solutions that are outside of the framework that the game sets up (at least not the main line puzzles. The way the ""side-mission"" puzzles are handled is a very cool complement). Amazing experience all the way around, and can't wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,257510,13681763,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Frankie Spankie,"The Talos Principle is a puzzle within a puzzle. In short, you solve puzzles by connecting lasers and push plates on your way to sigils, but that's only on the face of it. There's a deeper puzzle within, one that makes you question your own beliefs. Who is this voice in the sky? Should I trust him? Who's this person in the computer? Should I trust him? He certainly seems to have an answer against everything I believe in. Should I continue believing in the things I do?It certainly is a unique experience that touches you on an intellectual level that is so rarely seen in gaming. The puzzles, while pretty easy in the first third to half of the game, grow increasingly more difficult, especially if you seek out all the star sigils as well. This game kind of came out of left field and I didn't even hear about it until it was already released. I bought it on a whim after enjoying the demo and am not disappointed at all. This is game of the year quality and I worry that it will slip through the cracks and become a hidden gem. It certainly deserves a lot of praise."
,Recommended,257510,13829930,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Teddy.,"10 out of 10.It is an open Puzzle game like none of the puzzle games i have ever played.in some cases,two seperated puzzles can be relevant and you can solve one by using the element of another puzzle(but you cant move the elements across puzzles)You can even jump out of the frame developer set for you.I consider this a new kind of puzzle ,because jump out the way most people would do, it is a new way to solve the puzzle.actually these two aspencts can be meet my requirements of a excellent puzzle game I wantThe last one is the amazing graphic,open envirenment,all kinds of weather,mysterious architecture,recorders,collections,abundant of puzzles,you should buy it without a thought"
76561198173566322,Recommended,257510,19929003,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Pear,"Ok this is without a doubt the best game I have ever played ever. It's hard to find a game that is great in all aspects, but Croteam really hit the nail on the head with this one. If the graphics weren't convincing enough, the puzzles are amazing and beautifully crafted so that there are many ways to solve them. There's even stars to collect which involve seeing how the puzzles interact with each other to provide a great result. The story and lore is insanely deep and thought provoking, so if you are one who does not enjoy reading, thinking, or even storyline games in general this is not for you. One of the things i loved was that the game kept you thinking even without the puzzles. The philosophical aspect is breathtaking, questioning existence in general and making you think whether or not you are actually alive, yet alone exist. The game draws heavily on the creation story in the Bible, but the way it is executed is outstanding. Even the audio logs had deep meaning and thoughts that were inspiring at times and made you appreciate the world and what  we have. Everything this game does is amazing, from the great puzzles, to the excellent story, even to the humorous and well-placed easter eggs. The only games this could be compared to are Portal and Portal 2, but Talos is lightyears ahead in terms of complexity. I feel the need to stress the quality of the graphics again. They are just beyond beautiful and completely breathtaking (Egypt is the most beautiful out of all the worlds IMO). The DLC is also excellent and takes the puzzles from the main game to the next level by upping both the size and scale. I highly suggest getting this game if you are somoene who likes to think and enjoys learning new things. This is not the game for people who like FPS's or any game that doesn't involve a storyline and/or deep thought. The ending to this game is also the best out of any game I've ever played (which is saying a lot because Portal 2's ending was excellent). All around this is a great game and it's hard to find cons with it! You will enter and leave this game a completely different person than you were before. This game sparks a deep connection with the player and inspires a new way of thinking within them.I can't wait for the sequel!"
,Recommended,257510,13359000,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,jssrfx,"This is truly a masterpiece of a game. I am very impressed. It has been likened to Portal, and that's certainly a fitting analogy. It does remind you of Portal, but without the excessively sinister overtone. You're not feeling like a trapped lab rat so much, as more an evolving entity, accepting guidance, but also surpassing the guide (who identifies himself as 'Elohim' which is a Hebrew word for 'god') by trying to make up its own mind.'Elohim' feels like a metaphor here, for some kind of an inner conflict between curiosity and caution which is a balance that seems to be  a constant companion throughout this game, and, as it happens, throughout one's own life.'The Talos Principle' appears as if Portal, Tron and the Stanley Parable had a brainchild with an iRobot like intelligence, while taking place in beautiful environments with serene music. I find this game very stimulating and calming at the same time. Definitely a superb idea, well executed.Game performance can be very well adapted to match your system's capability, you can switch between a third person (over the shoulder) and first person view; I prefer the third person mostly.If you, at least occasionally, enjoy a game that challenges your intellect (instead of your trigger finger), while providing an almost meditative atmosphere, this is definitely the game you want to get! It is superb and I definitely cannot put in words what a refreshing concept this is. You have to experience it for yourself."
76561197972390763,Recommended,257510,15680492,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Exige,"A beautiful first-person puzzle game that deserves to be listed with Antichamber and Portal among the best puzzle games ever made.The puzzles are clever are difficult enough to be challenging, but not so difficult that I ever needed to use a hint guide. You'll feel challenged but will rarely be stuck on a puzzle for long. Most puzzles involve the movement of objects and none require precise timing or twitch skills.Then there is the excellent backstory, which you learn mainly through partially-corrupted text files on various computer terminals. I won't spoil anything about it, but the world of Talos is deep and cleverly constructed. Even on the surface the story works well, but it also works on deeper levels. The game is dripping with metaphor, self-reference, and philosophy. It questions the nature of consciousness and belief without really imposing any answers.There's about 25 hours of content here and all of it is worthwhile. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,20669968,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mago Gellino,I bought this game just to see kittens.I was not disappointed.7/7 it has kittens.
,Recommended,257510,13946749,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,wgren,"In a year with fantastic titles, this was game of the year 2014 for me (possibly shared first place with Rocksmith 2014). Great Portal-like puzzles, but even more of them with more devices, in non-linear hubs. Luscious environments filled with little easter eggs, and many hidden levels. Add some nice writing by Jonas Kyratzes (The Sea Will Claim Everything) and Tom Jubert (FTL) around the topics of consciousness, AI rights, free will, faith, the end of the world and the Meaning Of It All, and you have something really special."
,Recommended,257510,13822223,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Lavenders2,In the beginning were the wordsand the words made this review.I am the words.The words are everything.Where the words end this review ends.You will purchase this game or your death is assured.Repeat.
,Recommended,257510,17433237,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Stokes,"The Talos Principle is an open ended exploration puzzle game that explores the philosophy of what it truly means or does not mean to be a living being.  Within these puzzles you manipulate red and blue beams to unlock force fields, using boxes, fans, mobile connectors, jammers, and even a recorded version of yourself, with the goal being to reach the sigil (tetris piece) in each puzzle.  In your way are, exploding sentries, fans, anti-beam sentries, turrets, activation pads, and conveniently placed walls. The puzzles range from easy (green) to medium (yellow) to hard (red). The story is told through computer consoles located in a central area in each puzzle world, and audio file pick-ups scattered throughout the entire game. It is not necessary to access them though, as they do not block access to any part of the game. I thoroughly enjoyed the game from start to finish."
,Recommended,257510,21991029,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Dominus,"The Talos Principle. A beautiful ""MUST HAVE"" game for puzzle gamers!Croteam, the creators of Serious Sam videogame series, decided to take a step back from violence and gore, for once, and decided to make a game that everyone could enjoy. And they've created this masterpiece.The Story!SPOILER ALERT!I would like to say to you that you should go in this game blind, but it's your call.The Talos Principle takes place at the Virtual World. You woke up in the ruined sector called Ancient Rome. ELOHIM speaks to you in your journey, guiding you through this land. As you start exploring that world, you will complete the Puzzles. At the every end of every puzzle, you will collet an object called ""Sigil"". Collecting them advances you to further levels. ELOHIM will grant you an Entirnity if you manage to collect them all! You will also meet ""Milton Library Asssistant""(MLA), The Blessed Messengers in your journey and much more, but you will also face the Tower that ELOHIM forbbids you to climb it. How are you going to use your will that ELOHIM gave you? Will you accept the Entirnity, or use it to climb the Forbbiden Tower? It's up to you, my dear player!ProsThe Story- Talos Principle has sort of complex, yet resonable story that you should mostly pay attention to while playing that game. Trust me. It gets better and better when you do.Soundtrack- The game offers the non-distracting, but calm background music to listen to. If you're willing to get the Soundtrack, go to DLC section of that game.Unique Puzzles- At the beginning, you will be met with simple obstacles that you're gonna pass through and objects that you're gonna use during the game. As you collect the Sigils, you will unlock the various items and newer levels, making the puzzles more complex to solve. You will see yourself which puzzle is easy and which one is difficult once you start the journey.Sigil Stars- Talos Principle will have hidden Sigils that you might want to collect. It requires a bit of intelligence to get some, but, at the end, the third ending might be worth it.ConsRepetitive- Once you're done with the first ending, you'll have to start over a new game in order to find a new ending. Problem is that you'll know how to solve most of puzzles when you play it again, making it a bit boringAKA - The Entirnity.ELOHIM- A part of the repetitive topic. He can get you on your nerves when you're playing this game. Especially when you repeat the game... Don't worry, if you want some comedy in this game, then try out the Serious DLC and switch ELOHIM with someone with Serious sense. And you already know who am I talking to.The best puzzle game that you can find on Steam! Would recommend to everyone. And by that I, mean... EVERYONE!!! Literally!And if you really like it, then go ahead and try out the ""Road to Gehenna DLC""!"
,Recommended,257510,24567321,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,HugoBDesigner,"This game just isn't my all-time favorite because Portal 2 still takes the cake (pun not intended), but man, it's such a close second place! The graphics are spetacular, the story is amazing, the music is awesome, the themes are great, and the puzzles... well, let's just say it's been a long time since I've last been so happy for being so challenged. I could not help myself but dissect each level to find all the stars and all the easter eggs and read all the files from hidden terminals and listen to all the voice journals and complete all the endings. I absolutely loved how well the story matched the texts and clues spread throughout. It kept me thinking and wondering all the time, without the frustration of it not having clear solutions (hard to figure out, sure, but never obscure), while simultaneously keeping me trying to decide what is true and what isn't in such an amazing, beautiful, complex and almost terrifying new world. Mythology, science fiction, philosophy AND puzzles combined, what else would you want?"
,Recommended,257510,24681555,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,hOI!!,"I honestly don't want to write a long review about this game, because in all honesty, the more blindly you play it, the more you'll enjoy it.The important things to know are that it is indeed a game with puzzles, philosophy, and choice. And that it tells a story, but in a way that could only be told by a video game. Croteam managed to use the medium to great effect.I don't really want to give much more detail than that. Just play the game, experience it for yourself. I can honestly say this is a game that will be sticking with me for a very, very long time. It made me think, and it made me feel. Few games can really do both."
76561198029839679,Recommended,257510,28210356,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,risingrob,"My child, face these trials I have created for you. Only through these you can seek salvation and transcend beyond the heavenly clouds. For what is made of words only, cannot become your sanctuary.I could tell you all about the many, many, intuitive and fair, but sometimes mind-bending puzzles, the stunning and vastly different landscapes, the philosophical story and beautifully stoical atmosphere or the captivatingly serene soundtrack.But words are simply not enough to describe the tranquility of The Talos Principle. Thegreatest puzzle game ever createdhas to beexperienced.  You will be immersed in a land of great beauty and embraced in the dance of eternity."
,Recommended,257510,15845742,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mordecai Sanders,Insulted a computer. 10/10 Would insult a computer again.
,Recommended,257510,21707834,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,1K4N,This is not just a game.
,Recommended,257510,21883377,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,𝓟𝓻𝓸𝓯𝓮𝓼𝓼𝓸𝓻,The only single payer game i have played more than 5 times
,Recommended,257510,14056174,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Leozaur,"An absolute must-have for any puzzle fan. Just 3 tips that would've saved me a few frustrating hours:* Jammers work from any distance, You don't have to be close to the target, just have line of sight.* Mines can destroy guns* If you catch yourself thinking ""it might work, though it probably wasn't the intended solution"" - go for it, it probably was. :)"
76561197960810053,Recommended,257510,16674789,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,$gt $pazzy,"This game reminds me why I play games.Its enjoyable, challenging, intelligent, intriguing, the gameplay is great, the graphics are superb and its also got a great soundtrack.If you don't buy this game and see it through to its conclusion, you've made a mistake.Its the best puzzle game i've played since Portal and thats the best credit I can give it"
,Recommended,257510,19358271,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Chris Hewson,"Such an incredible game, someone was inquiring to the value of it and I decided my long-winded response would be and equally sufficient review! So here goes, I should've done this ages ago.It gets to a point where a puzzle can take 20 minutes of screwing around, then you give up and do another puzzle, come back and realize what your mistake was and carry on. It definitely picks up in difficulty, and there's lots of hidden things to get a true 100% completion! Doing a speed run of the main story and puzzles would be relatively quick, but getting all the challenge stars and doing bonus puzzles add quite a few hours to the game.I believe I completed maybe 70% of the vanilla Talos Principle in around 25 hours, worth it 'cause I bought it on sale. Now I'm onto the DLC and my god the puzzles are immediately more challenging then the initial game haha. Also be sure you are reading through all the terminal entries and finding all the audio logs. It's a great story, with lots of interesting/profound/funny logs to read through, those alone will prolong game time, enjoyment and immersion.This is probably one of my favorite games - top 5 for sure - even if my hours don't reflect it. It definitely promotes critical thinking and deeper more philisophical thoughts. Then to top it all off it has beautiful scenery and great voice acting. As far as games go it's left the greatest impression in my mind out of anything in my library!TL;DR absolutely stunning AAA game, I couldn't help but feel fully immersed 99% of the time in the story and scenery. Few games have left me awe-struck, this one will stick with me."
,Recommended,257510,25455934,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:Great designed puzzles using lasers, time mechanics, fans and moreThe game's story in both the main game and DLCThe game looks so gorgeous, and the soundtrack is peaceful and classical style of musicWhat You Need to Know:The first half of the game starts off easy, almost too easy for veteran puzzle playersThis game has so many puzzles, you get puzzle pieces for each ""puzzle"" you complete and then you finish a puzzle with those pieces to unlock more puzzles. (You understand that? lol)They have 4 difficulty of puzzles, They are color coded: green, yellow, and red each being more difficult than the last.The last ones are the secret stars which half of them you won't find unless you use a guide because they are hidden so freaking well or insane on how to get them (One required to scan a QR code to dechiper the message to find a star O.O )These stars are for the hardcore fans of puzzle games because they all make you think outside the box and even outside the puzzle area to get themThese stars give you pieces to unlock the secert star puzzles which give you more pieces for the secert ending of the game. It is not easy to get them allAlso this game has a story, and I mean it when I say it is a deep and philosophical story. Luckily if you don't want to read alot of the games text to get the story you don't have to.Unless you get the DLC, that is like a text adventure. So the story will reward you and you will enjoy it if you like thinking about life's big questions otherwise skip the story and enjoy the great puzzlesOh yea, the story has 3 endings for you to choose, in both the main game and DLC.If you can't tell I loved this game, I didn't expect there to be a story here. It's puzzle game not a TellTale game.My Score:A+Price:$10 + $4 for the DLCCompleted in:Main game was 16 hoursDLC was 8 hoursGames similar:Both Portal gamesThe Swapper"
76561198000768363,Recommended,257510,30208847,Posted: 26 February,all,TalonMordecai,"A classic puzzle game with a philosophical framework that forces you to think not only about WHAT you're doing, but WHY you're doing it.Puzzles are challenging enough to elicit the satisfaction of completion, but not so challenging that you end up throwing your hands up in disgust. The 'optional' challenges, however, are where the true puzzlemaster will find their match.While some of the puzzle mechanics became rote after a while, I continued to find the process enjoyable and the atmosphere engaging.8/10"
76561198073589974,Recommended,257510,30212895,Posted: 26 February,all,thraganux,"Despite getting the worst motion sickness from this game than any game i've ever played, i STILL am playing for the 30 min stretches that i can (been playing games since before my hands were big enough for a controller, heh).  That should tell you something about the story, easter-eggs,  and puzzle fun itself.  The only reason why i wouldn't recommend this game is because of the motion sickness.  I have adjusted the settings, tweaked them, and used the recommended settings for people like me.  It helped a little and i guess the nausea keeps me from binging!I find myself enjoying how the puzzles aren't just portal-esque physical puzzles, with some slight need to pay attention to the physical surroundings to see easter-eggs.  Some of the puzzles require cultural knowledge, and even use of the net or QR code reader to pull apart (get a  QR reader app!).  It's weird, but for me, that somehow immerses me more into the game.  Be sure to filter internet searches so that you don't pick up clues from people just handing out the answers!"
,Recommended,257510,24771536,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ericklijmeij,"This game is just amazing, I wasnt expecting to like it as much as I did.Its often compared to the Portal series, and I would say, I prefer this to Portal.Pros:-Great puzzle game-Interesting story-Great game mechanics-There is a cat on the bannerCons:-PriceThe game inst cheap like Portal but, when on sale, this game is worth getting."
76561198006425019,Recommended,257510,18846013,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Ck | ONEVISION,"Behold... there would be so much to talk about, and yet only a few words suffice.It is not only the well designed puzzles, the clever artstyle, this monumental atmosphere music. Rather, it is the great attempt to merge real philosophy with a game. I always wanted to play this as a gamer, and even see it as a developer. And yet it is a bittersweet moment when I think that I now want a lot more of it after this game, but out there... is nothing comparable."
76561198089052394,Recommended,257510,20180675,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JD Herrera,"The Talos Principle		* 9/10I was looking for a new puzzle fps game like the Portal games, and then Talos principle came out. I couldn't understand all the excitement and the awards about this game, but I decided to trust them. I didn't regret this...+++Pros+++- Puzzles, lots of puzzles, and many of them get really complicated as well- Ambience. Graphic may not be the best engine ever, but the Serious Engine shows some very neat worlds, it's a pleasure to move around.- The Story. It's very simple but the way it's being unveiled is really great: you have to look for documents, audio logs and other texts that, little by little, tell a very small portion of the story.- The Computer. I've never argued about philosophy and logic so much as with that computer... And he won, that b@$t@rd...XD- The Ending. Spoilerless: the game is such a quiet puzzle game that you'd never expect such a final intense rush. Loved it.- Nice Soundtrack---Cons---- The Italian translation for the most important part (The texts and dialogues with the computer) were ridiculous. Google translate could teach a few lessons to the guys who did that terrible job. And looks like Italian isn't the only language horribly translated. Almost all the languages (except for English) are wrong. Luckily seems like the community submitted various amateur translations that definitely work.- Unfortunately it lacks the presence of charming and overwhelmingly funny characters as GlaDOS or Wheatley from portal 2... But maybe they wouldn't fit in this context so it's better this way..."
,Recommended,257510,28249545,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Green Cunt,"I played this game 2 times before starting it for real... I thought it was boring. But then I started to read all the text files in the terminal. At this moment I changed my mind... This game is deep. If you like philosophy then this game is for you. This game will make you think about life. The music is astonishing,  the puzzles are fun and the visuals are great. If you like relax puzzle game and philosophy then this game is a must."
,Recommended,257510,26075230,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Tuxi,"Anincrediblegame, both visually, musically and story-wise. The puzzles are entertaining and of fair difficulty, with optional, very hard bonus objectives also available."
,Recommended,257510,17234354,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Cool bocchan,"Puzzle solving at its finest. Beautiful thought-provoking narration and player interaction. In terms of replayability, you could try to get the different endings + all the easter eggs (there are a lot)."
,Recommended,257510,22520803,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,GaiusBertus,"The thing that made me use my gray matter the most weren't the puzzles (which are great) but the philosophical questions the Talos Principle poses. This is a game that's best when approached with patience. Some of the harder puzzles will force you to stop and think, naturally, but you get the most out of the game when you read all the texts and QR codes you encounter and ponder a bit about them. While not really new questions (actually people have been asking them since the beginning of history), they aren't ones you encounter often in daily life. For me to actually think some more about them: that's the game's greatest achievement in my opinion.However, other more tradional game-elements are also done extremely well. As mentioned, the puzzles are great and their difficulty slope is pretty good. The graphics are really pretty and some of the landscapes and lighting effects are beautiful to behold. A final mention should go to Damjan Mravunac's soothing soundtrack, I especially dug the melancholy tunes of the starting world. A final nice thing is that it is packed full with easter eggs, of which I only discovered a few but each one of them funny and/or interesting.My only regret is that I did not encounter that cute white kitten..."
,Recommended,257510,13764282,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Trigger,"In some ways The Talos Principle is quite similar to Portal 2, and I would say that it is just as good if not better.The puzzles are very logical, and they get more challenging as new mechanics are introduced, and you move forward through all the different levels. They never got frustrating, and I was never contempt to look up the solution on the Internet, and that is not to say, that I never had hard time with them, but it was very satisfying to figure them out on my own. For people who want even more challenge, there are additional puzzles, which are not required to complete the game.For me, the strongest part of this game was its story and setting. While Portal 2 goes for the humoristic look on the artificial intelligence, this game takes a very serious look on these matters, and without a doubt succeeds in doing so.  The narrative revealed through many text and audio logs is very compelling, and can get very philosophical at times, but that is what I liked about this game. The game likes to ask some hard questions, and in quite few cases I was doubting if the answer I gave, was the right one.I was always in a hurry to finish my puzzles, just so I could get a new piece of information about the world and its history. The closer I got to the ending, the more I found myself wanting to find out what lies at the end of this game.Another strong part of this game was its sound and music that always was very fitting and calming. All the audio logs were beautiful and very well acted.When I started the game, I never expected that i would get so immersed in it. I enjoyed it all the way through, and I recommend it to anyone who have any interest in puzzle games. You will definitely enjoy this game, if you played and liked either one of the following games: Portal 2, The Swapper and Braid.The Talos Principle would be my game of the year, if not for Dark Souls 2."
76561198011030345,Recommended,257510,13461111,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Spacecowboy2011,"So, having finished every puzzle, found every star, and seen allthreeendings, I must say that if I were to never play this again, I would still find my experience with The Talos Principle to be worth every cent and minute put into it.What's funny is that I don't even know why I bought this game in the first place. I hate puzzlers. I absolutely loathe them, even, yet I found myself drawn in, and simply could not resist. So, excellent job on making a game that managed to draw me in to a genre I avoid the best I can.The graphics and music are perfect. Enough to make things great, but not enough to drown you at any point. The music especially stood out to me, it seemed that no matter what location I found myself in, the music fit the ambience and climate of the current world. The graphics were quite gorgeous, but the game handled just as well on my gaming desktop as it did on my three and a half year old laptop. Overall, I found this to be a rich experience, and gotta say, you did not dissapoint in the slightest.The story, however loose it was, was also great. It gave a nice grand appearance of some sort of mystery, and how much the entire game was steeped in philosophy... It definitely added to the experience. I especially lovedthe interactions between MLA and Elohim. Both tried to get you to do what they wanted, in a sense, and anytime Elohim spoke, I stopped and listened. Everytime I came to a terminal with a new conversation with MLA, I looked forward to it.The audio logs, I think, were the best narrative as far as all of the asides go. It was quite enjoyable playing them all back to back before ending the game. Also, piecing together the events that led to the simulation... very well done.The Tower Ending was hands down the best, even if it didn't make much sense the more one thought about it. Also, the moment the camera started to pan out... I swear, it looked like the Hoover Dam. Simply retooled, and as far as power goes, it makes sense. The other two endings were good, but without the same feel the Tower ending had.The puzzles... God, I came to hate seeing anything using thePlaybackitem. I'd have to say that some of the hardest puzzles involved it. Also, the red herrings in a few puzzles were enough to make me realize the answer, and then facepalm quite hard when I realized the solution. I think the longest time I spent on any single puzzle was around twenty minutes, most seemed to take between 5 and 10 minutes it seemed, with only a few going to 15.The stars were also great, building off the puzzles here. Definitely took some out of the box thinking, and I'll admit that I looked up the location of one or two in my desire to finish everything. They really make you think and get creative with your approach, as well as make you explore things.Easter Eggs... so many of them, related to Croteam's previous products as well as other well known folks and products and the like. Gotta say, a lot of them are hidden even better than the stars were, and most of them were more than worth the time to find. As it was, I only found two on my first playthrough, but there are apparently many, many more out there.Overall, I have to say, thank you for the excellent game. Looking forward to my second playthrough."
,Recommended,257510,17458954,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Butcher of Blaviken,"Visually Stunning, Clever Puzzles, Deep Story(although I personally feel that the philosophy behind the story is absolute nonsense). Highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,257510,34566352,Posted: 28 August,all,Chaos,This game is one of the only two that made me cry.
76561197960598359,Recommended,257510,13703551,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Quoick,This is a very pleasant surprise. Think of a more serious version of Portal but with existentialism thrown in. It is hard to believe that it is from the same studio as created Serious Sam as it has such depth. Highly recommended.
76561198273190585,Recommended,257510,31617899,Posted: 7 May,all,Regelian92,"This must be how driver programs for android AI components will be made in the future. Test it in a simulation and see if it can solve all of the puzzles and then demonstrate some desired human trait. This is a game that can be played VR (but doesn't have to be). Mind boggling puzzles. An Elohim to instruct you and computers (in game) with info to help you along. This game is like an IQ test on steroids, very challenging. Graphics are beautiful. Lucid and crisp as any newer game gets. You are a robot trying to get all the puzzles completed so that you can gain eternal life (rebel and climb the tower). The object is to obey the Elohim (turn your back on him). Three distinctly different endings and an amazing twist ending with each one. There is an expansion pack that you need to get all of the achievements if you are a completionist and you are thinking about getting this game. Don't worry, it turns out to be a delightful addition to the already visually stunning game. You won't get bored with this one. Graphics are good. Gameplay is good. Story line is one of the most original I have seen in a long time.  But unlike stories of the past you don't read this one, you live it. Play it and make some memories. I loved this game so much I got all the achievements and notice that I had a perfect game before I even knew what that was. It was my first perfect game of many to come. That is how much it drew me in."
76561198048917652,Not Recommended,257510,19518734,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Spookaburra,"I really don't know what to say about this game that hasn't been said by the other negative reviews before me. What started off as an incredibly interesting, and entertaining experience turned sour about half-way through, when the puzzles suddenly stopped being fun and innovative, and started being the same-old same-old force-fed to you in a slightly rearranged fashion.The computer terminal started out interesting, and I always looked forward to talking with it, but as the conversations went on, it twisted my words more and more, to the point where the end results were unrecognisable as a proper conversation. I don't know if that was the original intention or not, but speaking with it became more of a chore than anything, knowing that you were only going to be interrogated at length about something you'd never even said.The only thing I still enjoyed by the end of the game was the fact that I could still stop and say ""wow"" at the stunning visuals, when I was presented a new location. Everything else had long overstayed its welcome.Like many others, I was drawn by the hype, and the promise that this game was the next Portal, that it was going to blow my mind with the story, and the amazing puzzle elements. Quite frankly, I was underwhelmed, and part of that may have been the excess of hype, building my expectations to an unrealistic degree, but I feel like I would still have left this experience more frustrated than satisfied, especially if I'd paid the full $40 asking price.If you want a better review that pretty much sums up everything I thought,this was probably the best review I've seen so far.I also want to point out how hilarious it is to me that people still use ""go back to CoD"" as an insult, seeing as how blindly defending a flawed game just because it holds the title it does is exactly what CoD players are stereotyped for."
,Recommended,257510,20447352,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,RandomTBush,"Croteam did an amazing job with The Talos Principle, I loved the whole aesthetic and the puzzles were well thought-out!(Though I did get stuck on the one star which required an external QR reader, I didn't think outside the box and had to look up the answer.)I highly recommend this for anybody who likes puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,14507175,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,haunts,"Honestly the best single player game in my entire life. None of the other games i played and finished gave me same pleasure and feelings as this one does. 10/mother♥♥♥♥ing 10. I even thought i will never ever be impressed after Portal 2 or HL but, i was wrong as ♥♥♥♥ as it seems. I'm even sad that i finished this awesome game only in ♥♥♥♥ing little 20 hours. If you like riddle type-mysterious games as i do, go for it."
76561198068806335,Recommended,257510,16954401,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,frogprincess_q4,"What do I love about this game?- The soundtrack is perfection. Often in games I turn the music off after a while due to irritation, especially if I need to concentrate, but for the first time ever I have actually bought a game soundtrack off Steam.- The puzzles, which come in 2 flavours. The tetronimo puzzles of which there is an entire free download to have fun with (Sigils of Elohim), and the logic type puzzles which remind me a little of Portal. There are no actual portals of course, but there are blocks and activators and fans and jammers, etc. There are only a few puzzles that require quick reflexes. Most of them can be pondered and contemplated and then pondered and contemplated some more. A few of the puzzles are a bit obscure, particularly involving locating and liberating all the optional stars (these are only required to unlock a few extra puzzles and an extra ending). Fortunately, there is always help to be found online for these things if you need a hint or a walk-through.- The backstory. This can be largely bypassed if desired as it is given through archive type files, both text and voice, that are found during the game. There are snippets of mythology, science, literature, history and personal information such as letters and audio diaries. Some really hit me in the feels, which was a bit wrenching at times. It's not a happy backstory at all, but I think the whole thing ties together masterfully.- The world(s). The environment is very pretty. It's peaceful. It's varied. It is also sterile. It feels desolate at times. Wandering around old ruins on a beautiful day with no birdsong or animal life beyond the crickets. Alone. For hours. It again ties in neatly with the story, though, and I confess I had to take a few screenshots.- The religious allegories. Full disclosure here. I am knee-jerk hypersensitive to religious over- and under-tones. I really don't like them, but here it is all fitting. It's strictly allegorical, metaphorical and plot-driven. Also, it is a cheerful and shameless pick-and-mix of religions from Ancient Greek and Ancient Egypt mythology to Christianity, Hinduism and Buddhism. Perhaps someone with a strong affiliation to one religion would find it offensive, I have no idea.Also, if you really can't stand the voice in the clouds booming about do this, do that, my Child, get theSerious Sam Voiceover DLC. It's not anything polished or spectacular, but it is totally irreverent and in places even amusing. It's totally improvised as far as I can tell and he goes between calling the player names, to chatting about himself, to making fun of the original script.If you have a decent knowledge of different religions you may even find a few of the clever insertions amusing. I know I did. Samsara, I am looking at you, you unhelpful bit of gear.- Revert to Back-up feature. The game makes autosaves regularly, this can be used to easily reset puzzles by holding down (default button) X. Even better, the game also stores the autosaves as a library of restore points. I love this a lot.- The endings. I played through each of the main endings. There are three of them although there are some minor variations that depend on choices made throughout. Including a variation based on the finding of one significant easter egg =^.^= I found each to be satisfying and interesting in their own way. Also, the restore back-up feature means that you can even revert to a save just before the endingafter the credits have rolledand play through it again a different way.- QR codes. I found maybe 2 that failed to show the message when hovering over with the cursor (irksome), but the fact that these are being used as a form of communication between artificial intelligences within the game amused me deeply. If you find paint lying around in the world you can use it to write your own messages -which persist into a replay of the gameOne thing that drove me a little crazy was trying to debate philosophy with the computer. It's interesting and frustrating in equal parts, intentionally afaik. I was able to assert at one point that frogs are people too and after that the option to write that on a wall was available to me. This also amused me a great deal, considering I often refer to myself as one because of my username ;)Overall, do I recommend? Yes, definitely a good game if you like puzzlers, thinking about the meaning of life, wandering around pretty landscapes and don't mind a fairly slow-moving game.It took me about 40 hours to play the game through the first time at a gruellingly, leisurely pace. As in, I wandered around leisurely, exploring at great length, but I also played straight through, twice in a row, over the space of 4-5 days at the gruelling rate of 10+ hours a day, almost uninterrupted. I was freezing (Winter here), thirsty, hungry and in pain from being parked at my desk for such long sessions, but I wanted to finish one more puzzle, one more puzzle.As for price, maybe it's on the hefty side. Who ever wants to pay full-price for anything? I was watching this game closely during the Steam sale and managed to grab it at an excellent discount, but when the upcoming DLC is released I doubt that I will wait for a sale. I want more!This may be my longest review ever, lol.Edited to add: I nearly forgot another awesome feature! You can choose from a range of post-processing settings. These primarily affect brightness and saturation. So you can, if you like, have a washed out apocalyptic look, bright and colourful, noir, etc. I wish a few of my other games had that option."
,Recommended,257510,16490011,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Xiaoshu Chu,/transcend结局已通关。游戏素质极高，画质自不必说，音乐也是绝佳，我专门买了soundtrack放在MP3里欣赏。游戏自带中文，甚至有中文配音。内容涉及哲学、宗教、科技、社会……情节极其吸引人，场景中随处可见的QR码和终端都藏着思想和故事，玩家的选择会影响剧情和结局的某些方面……不剧透了解谜过程趣味无穷，很锻炼脑力和眼力，少量关卡对操作有要求，但是要求不算高。总之对于喜爱历史、哲学、解谜的玩家来说非常适合。可能配置要求会稍高一些，如果开低效有些美感就体会不到了。总之强烈推荐
76561197983082568,Recommended,257510,14006616,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Blue64,The Talos Principle 10 / 1054 68 69 73 20 61 20 33 44 20 70 75 7a 7a 6c 65 20 67 61 6d 65 20 74 68 65 20 73 61 6d 65 20 77 61 79 20 74 68 61 74 20 50 6f 72 74 61 6c 20 77 61 73 20 61 20 70 75 7a 7a 6c 65 20 0a 0a 67 61 6d 65 2c 20 62 75 74 20 6d 6f 72 65 20 6c 61 73 65 72 73 20 61 6e 64 20 6c 65 73 73 20 6a 75 6d 70 69 6e 67 2e 20 53 77 65 65 74 20 21 0a 0a 49 20 6d 69 67 68 74 20 6c 65 61 72 6e 20 73 6f 6d 65 20 70 68 69 6c 6f 73 6f 70 68 79 20 68 65 72 65 2e 2e 2e 2e 20 61 6e 64 20 6d 61 6b 65 20 62 65 74 74 65 72 20 63 68 6f 69 63 65 73 20 0a 0a 66 6f 72 20 42 72 65 61 6b 66 61 73 74 20 66 6f 6f 64 2e 2e 2e 2e 0a 0a 4c 61 73 65 72 73 2c 20 6d 69 6e 65 73 2c 20 6b 65 79 73 2c 20 74 75 72 72 65 74 73 2c 20 63 6f 6d 70 75 74 65 72 73 2c 20 70 68 69 6c 6f 73 6f 70 68 79 2c 20 44 65 75 73 20 45 78 20 0a 0a 4d 61 63 68 69 6e 61 2e 20 47 6f 6f 64 20 54 69 6d 65 73 20 21http://www.rapidtables.com/convert/number/hex-to-ascii.htm
,Recommended,257510,19137196,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,p0rtalmaster,"This game is epic.  Its epicness compares well to that of many (MMO)RPG and FPS games.  But this is the first time I've seen such epicness put into a first-person (or third-person, if you wish) puzzle game.  How epic are we talking?Over 100 puzzles in various ruins.  This includes some mini-puzzles with something called sigils (which you can play for free in a separate game).Estimated over 30 hours of gameplay.Chock-full of easter eggs and stars.Three different endings, depending on your skill and will to solve puzzles and find secrets.A very tall tower.  Climb it if you dare.Outstanding, heavenly (literally!) soundtrack.Amazing visuals that shouldn't weigh your computer down.A deep and rich backstory and philosophy.  Even the very title of the game suggests it.  WARNING: requires your reading/listening attention.  If you just want to go out there and solve the puzzles that's fine, but be sure to come back and check all those computer terminals.Although you're merely a robot figure, the ruins, music, and visuals combine to give the essence of areligiousspiritual overtone.Other nice perks include a wide range of language compatibility, adjustment for those prone to motion sickness, and many other various options.  It's also surprisingly stable for such a loaded game.What few cons this game has include:Getting started.  The version I have alerted me about a potential video memory problem, which wasn't really a problem.Sometimes my game doesn't resize the resolution when working in fullscreen, which means I have to tweak the options to force fullscreen.While I love the puzzles, they can perhaps be a bit too challenging for some, with too few hints given.While I love the puzzles, they often felt too 2D (even while working in 3D occasionally).  They also felt like running around a lot and shuffling objects around, which is rather exhausting.  Portal 2 didn't have that at all, which made me kinda miss that non-Euclidean twist that Portal 2 or Antichamber has.In summary: 9/10.  Highly recommended for those interested in discovering things, philosophy, or simply those who love puzzle games.  I got it on sale, but I can tell that it's most definitely worth its full price."
,Recommended,257510,20484840,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,R :C W,"Let's just start with where they ♥♥♥♥ed up: the last challenge on one ending is a timed section with instant game over/reload to the only checkpoint at the very start of it. It sucks horribly and goes against everything that made the game enjoyable before. Luckily it's only about 2 minutes long, but those are going to feel like hours.Thankfully the reason why this section is so noticable and annoying is simple: it's the only incredibly dumb thing in an otherwise stunningly smart game that makes you feel clever and thoughful in a ton of ways and has a breathtaking amount of content, The difficulty curve for the puzzles slowly evolves from gentle teaching lessons to lengthy solutions with dozens of precise steps including tons of moving interdepentant parts.There are barely any jumping/platforming challenges (which is a very good thing) and only rare a puzzle that requires very tight timing execution. Trial and error only gets you so far, after a while you'll start reading moves ahead like in a chess game. 99% of  the regular puzzles avoid mechanics and solutions that feel like unfair ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, which is quite impressive for the scope and variety of the game. Probably because they wisely moved all that nonsense to the entirely optional star/secret puzzles, to a degree where they manage to be frustrating even after you looked up the solution. The inconsistency is a shame, since some of them are genuinely the best lateral-thinking puzzles i've ever seen in games period - 90% of them feel like you just broke the game somehow, and in about half the cases that was actually what the devs intended.The writing - and there is lots of it, so don't be surprised to spend more than a few minutes reading - is equally smart, about smart topics that make you feel smarter just by reading the smart stuff. If you're noticing a trend here you probably already have sufficent pattern recognition to get (more than a) kick out of this game.The DLC is a perfect continuation of the strengths of the main game - half masterfully crafted puzzles that range from the mid to late vanilla game in complexity (and also supplies 16 more equally sadistic stars), half immensely enjoyable and thoughtful text based reading/games/humor that's far above most other games and feels like an actually satisfying reward for progressing past the challenges.Basically if they had gone without any subtlety they should've titled this game  ""The Eureka! Simulator""."
,Recommended,257510,13354626,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,[GS] mov,"Awesome game. I like it. Its something you play for a while and then you just quit and continue some other time. I haven't had any stress reaction from this game, actually the opposite, its relaxing."
76561198151346632,Recommended,257510,22100958,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ezquieta,"It left me absolutely breathless.In the beginning it looks like a nice looking puzzle game with some kind of interesting narrative as background. By the time you finish the game you are left just... shaken. It is a deep reflection of artificial intelligence, mortality, the existence of the soul and what makes us human.Plus, it is a sad and beautiful complete argumente on what the essence of humanity is, a complete philosophical position.This game is the BEST thing I've played in a very long time."
,Recommended,257510,17235543,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,>> ||)) || \\// <<,"If you like beautiful graphics, fiendish puzzles, and a clever story: just do it. Once you've completed it, play through it again with the serious DLC for some quality humour.The game is also chock-full of well-polished easter eggs, and has multiple endings - one of which is very satisfying."
,Recommended,257510,14397354,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Dad Likes Leather,"It's like Chell smoked a joint rolled in her Philosophy 101 notes before opening a portal to Myst. A+, would buy from this seller again."
,Recommended,257510,20032196,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Aduleten,"The Witnessmade me buy this game.I had absolutely no expectations, I only bought it because I had read they were similar.Turns out The Talos Principle was one of my favorite game experience ever. I rarely play puzzle games and even when I do, I usually don't have the patience to try and solve/search for everything. But Talos caught me really fast. The way the game teaches you stuff is amazing. You are exploring a world filled with puzzles. You solve those while using tools and get rewarded with sigils. Eventually you will unlock more tools and more worlds with those sigils. And maybe if you get enough, you will be able to understand the beautiful world you are trapped in, because all you really want is to escape, right?The game also contains hidden stars. This is where the game is really at, where the challenge is. You just can't beat the feeling you get by discovering 'how' to get and solve some of those harder stars. They are also dozens of easter eggs everywhere and those are all about exploration of the world, getting out of boundaries, being clever, taking a leap, being innovative and you get rewarded really good sometimes.Most puzzle games have little story or not at all. But yet, Talos got me into it's story more than RPG games such as Dark Souls. You have those metaphysical conversations with a terminal. They get really deep. You end up questioning yourself about your actions, choices, who you are and what you believe, humanity in general, so much more too.The music is quite relaxing and really amazing. It fits the theme really well and it didn't took me long to realize I might have to buy the soundtrack too.I just bought the DLC Road To Gehenna to get me some more puzzles.Talos also just made me buy Portal 1 and 2.Game started out as a 9 but I liked it so much it deserve at least 9.5/10."
,Recommended,257510,14229019,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"It's probably impossible to talk about a first-person sci-fi puzzler with a mysterious overseer without comparing it to Portal, so let's get that out of the way. The Talos Principle's puzzles aren't as fun as Portal's overall; there's more procedural stair-stepping your way through with pretty much the same sets of tools the whole way, to the point that puzzles feel like less of a test of your ingenuity than about your long-term planning and careful attention to detail. Some people will enjoy that, but I suspect more will find it makes later puzzles more of a painful slog than anything. It's especially aggrieving when you discover what looks like a really plausible and utterly out-there solution for a puzzle only to find the truth was much more mundane -- often just a pixel-hunt to find the tiny patch of dirt where one puzzle piece will conveniently interact with everything you need.You solve puzzles with a pretty humdrum set of tools: buttons that need weighed down, posts to redirect laser beams, short-lived temporal clones of yourself, and so on. If you want to think outside the box (and grab all the pickups necessary for the ""best"" ending), you can solve optional puzzles to collect hidden stars throughout the game world. These often require working outside the basic puzzle mechanics, climbing map elements, and even connecting pieces positioned in one puzzle to another. The disappointing part about earning gold stars is that you have little incentive to flex your ingenuity on these puzzles unless you can solve *all* of them, or are willing to consult a guide, as one star is just as useless as 29 of them (out of 30).Where The Talos Principle really shines is in its writing.  Being a lost robot in a Garden of puzzles commanded by the booming disembodied voice of God feels a bit silly, as does arguing basic introductory philosophy concepts with an apparently sentient computer interface. But the more you learn, the more you unravel a really excellent sci-fi story about philosophy, learning, the meaning of being human, and the continuation of purposes greater than ourselves. The story is really what makes The Talos Principle worth playing, and once you consume all the story fluff, it can be hard to want to power through the remaining puzzles to achieve better, more complete endings. When you've read research logs from a massive species-wide scientific project of absolutely cosmic ambition, when you've listened to the stories about how humans face unthinkable catastrophe, and when you've argued with a vaguely Satanic computer about the proof of your own sentience, the order in which you move puzzle pieces to slog through the end of the game gets a lot less compelling.If you liked Portal for its story, there's plenty to love in The Talos Principle. If you liked it for its puzzles, keep looking."
76561197996874543,Recommended,257510,13654772,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Stannis the Mannis,"The Talos Principle is:62% - Portal12% - The Stanley Parable0,5% - Axe5% - Philosophy2,5%  - Metaphysics3% - ""God"" telling you to do stuff11% - blue and red light beamsand finally 4% annoying Robot-Bomb-Ball-Things"
,Recommended,257510,28616225,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Xufoo,"One of my favorite puzzle games alongside the likes of Portal and Portal 2. I highly recommend this game if you're into the puzzle genre, and/or philosophy.Definitely one of the best puzzle games in recent years in my opinion."
76561198047737457,Recommended,257510,20502783,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SamiBoi,"Absolutely phenomenal puzzler. Very refreshing gameplay and it looks stellar to boot. It delves into the subjects of existentialism and artificial intelligence which will only become more apparent and important as our species ventures on. The writing and music are straight out of the top drawer. Honestly, this game was simply astounding and at times gave me goosebumps. Those eastern euro cats most definitely make some amazing games and they need to be commended for it.If you liked Portal 1 & 2, Mind: Path to Thalamus, Braid, enjoy a puzzlers or just want to try something new out, you truly need to give this game a go and do your best to complete it!"
,Recommended,257510,27300153,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Coach,A handful of challenging puzzles mixed up with deep phylosophy.Buy along with the DLC.
,Recommended,257510,25469785,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,zahndy,11/10 philosophical masterpiece
,Recommended,257510,29490297,Posted: 25 January,all,Black Sapphire,"Well, this one's going to be one of my favorite games of all time.What can I say? It's excellent in any aspect if you want to try nitpicking this one, and at the same time it remains a single fantastically working entity.Let's break it down a little.Puzzles, the main part of the game are fun and unique. A lot of interesting mechanics to work with, a lot of different ways to do it, too. Just couldn't get bored with it. And it's great that you are up to decide the puzzle you're going to play, the ability to skip over and then come back to it - it helps a lot. Being able to clear your mind and change focus when stuck instead of just bashing onto a wall is a huge plus.World around you, boy oh boy. Looks great and promising, but that's only the tip of the iceberg - exploring it pays off much more. All the hidden stuff adds up amazingly to the story, making the game pretty damn solid lorewise. Well, easter eggs don't really add up to the lore, but who cares, right? And they're placed around the game in the best traditions of Serious Sam. Croteam sure has a talent for doing that :)Plot. Strong, compelling, well tied up to everything happening in the world around you and to you directly. Narration, text and voice, dialogues are a masterpiece, I just can't say less of it. I haven't seen anything so well-written, well-directed and well-delivered in a very long time. You get exactly that ""immersive feeling"" not only by looking at stuff, but mostly with getting caught up in the plot itself. I just can't find proper words to say more positive stuff about it. It's damn GOOD it sure is.Ok, next. Gotta stay focused.Music is pretty nice. It's not a Transistor/Bastion level of greatness, it's just not needed much. It feels exactly right to not get annoying while solving stuff or bore you to death. Also it's really good at reflecting the area you're being at. Gotta say I felt a lot of Serious Sam vibes while being at Egypt area :D And I'm glad I did, it's a good nostalgic feeling, yet it's not just Serious Sam, no, just the flavour of it. Great stuff by a great composer who knows exactly right what he's doing with this game.I've already talked about the world, but I have to say about exploration itself on it's own. It's unbelievably satisfying. I don't feel the urge to explore everything in any game, but when I do, I know - that's the stuff. I've completed the game almost 100% excluding achievements, and never got bored with it. In fact, i want more (Road to Gehenna, here I come).I don't want to spoil good parts of it, and tbh I don't want to type everything down either, just trust me - if you like your games explored to bits - it's exactly suitable for it. And it's gonna reward you for it in different ways.Online interaction is a little but fun thing to do. Leaving a sophisticated message, or, on the contrary, a rude and challenging one for future ""Children"" to look at was a bit i enjoyed. Finding messages of my friends, too.The philosophical part was extremely hard to maintain properly... yet it's still done brilliantly. How do they even manage? I never had such fun talking to AI (eh heh) as I did in this game, not even mentioning tons of stuff being possible to read and think about. I mean, wow. Developers and writers did such an amazing job making this game what it is.Technicalities. Game looks great, sounds great, and DUDE DID YOU EVEN SEE THE OPTIONS MENU? Like, it's harder to find  stuff you CAN'T tweak around. Graphics mostly, of course. You can make this bad boy run at any rate at any system is what I feel. And it's gonna look fantastic, maybe a little less fancy on weaker systems, but still fantastic.Well I can't only say good stuff, right?I tried my best to nitpick something out of it, and the only stuff I managed was:A little bit weird physics engine. It's not even needed much and game covers it mechanically very well but it's a disadvantage, a ridiculosly small one, not hurting gameplay in any way, but I just have to find bad stuff not to feel one-sided, sorry.3d person animations are kind of clunky too. Not like it ACTUALLY MATTERS but hey, still nitpicking....And that's it. This is stuff I find bad in it. Nothing else I could remember. I was too busy having loads of fun, probably.I absolutely adored The Talos Principle, this is the stuff that keeps me playing videogames, this is the stuff worth waiting for, while getting average ""AAA titles"". Thanks a lot to Croteam and every person working on this game with them, I had tons of fun with this game.10/10 (Not memeing around this time)"
76561198000355192,Recommended,257510,25452341,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SorD,"It's inspirating game. It's clearly one of the best games I have ever played. Well maybe not if we measure it by wasted hours in game. But those are just wasted hours so why would we think about those. However if we measure it by how it might change how you think about the world around you... Maybe it's best game experience of decade. Of course no game can really promise or quarantee that since that kind of experiences are really about you, not about the game. However if you dosen't find anything like that, it might be just a puzzle game of the year."
,Recommended,257510,31106884,Posted: 12 April,all,Mr. Miniike,"On occasion, a very specific mood strikes me where I feel like feeling both relaxed and mentally stimulated.This is the only ANYTHING that scratches that itch.Beautiful and brainy, this one is."
,Recommended,257510,16520726,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Taiyaki >{{{º>,"This is a challenging first person puzzle game set in a captivating world. There are three ""worlds,"" each with their own beautifully rendered historic / cultural themes, along with a futuristic tower that you ascend as you progress through the game.The puzzles ramp up smoothly in difficulty, with easy tutorial-like levels in the beginning to sometimes maddeningly complex levels near the end. If you find the standard puzzles too easy, there are additional ""star"" puzzles that require more outside-the-box thinking, often involving elements from multiple puzzle levels or even the environment outside the puzzle levels.After a while, you start to recognize common puzzle mechanics, and as a result some of the puzzle might start seeming redundant and tedious. However, the star puzzles are constantly fresh and challenging. It's almost as if the normal puzzles are merely appetizers, while the star puzzles are the main course in this game. I think you would be doing a disservice to yourself if you didn't at least attempt to solve all the star puzzles.If you get stuck, you might be tempted to look up solutions from google-sensei, but believe me, it's a lot more satisfying if you solve it yourself. You can always leave a puzzle and come back to it later. There are also many Easter eggs in the game, some of which you might stumble across as you're banging your head against that one puzzle you can't solve. So I guess that helps ease the pain. Some puzzles have multiple solutions, so keep that in mind.As for the story, it's not a straightforward storybook plot that's spoon fed to you. It requires a bit of inference and noticing of subtle details, like the timestamps of messages you come across. Even then, it's not a story that will appeal to everyone. It revolves around metaphysical themes that touch on predestination, purpose, creation, and humanity. If this sounds like a lot of BS to you, then you probably won't like the story. I personally found it interesting enough. But even if it's not your cup of tea, it's not necessary to enjoy the game, as the puzzles are the real meat of the game.As someone who sometimes gets dizzy/headaches from playing first person games, I appreciate that the game includes a FoV slider. The music is atmospheric and enjoyable, but it's nothing that stands out or catches your attention. I eventually turned it off and put on a podcast in the background.The one critique I have about the game is the ""alternate"" ending you get if you unlock the extra level in the tower is uninspiring and unsatisfying. I suppose there is the satisfaction of simply solving it, but even so, it would be nice to have a better reward for it. Also, while there are barcoded messages scattered across the world that your character automatically translates for you when you view them, there is one barcode message that won't translate and requires you to use a barcode app on your phone (or google) to translate. That, I feel, is an unnecessary tedium and only serves to break immersion. However, these are small gripes for an otherwise fantastic game."
,Recommended,257510,25598419,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,415 >Junglist<,"I don't care about cats or cakes. Cats are cute and triple chocolate cake is just delicious. Ain't lying !If you want an atmospheric, fun and challenging puzzle game with a nice story, that's this one ! If you loved/ liked portal, you better don't miss this one !!"
76561198096079278,Recommended,257510,19300311,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,FriendFive,"This game is quite an achievement-a real piece of art. It has an engrossing sci-fi story with heavy philosophical underpinnings, challenging puzzles, stunning visuals, and a great soundtrack. It's easy to make comparisons with the Portal games if you want to get an idea of how this game plays, but besides the first person perspective puzzles (complete with cubes that you need to put on pressure plates to open doors) they are very different experiences. This game demands much more of the player with ""meaning of life"" questions-what does it mean to be a person? Etc. This game also really rewards exploration with all kinds of hidden rooms and easter eggs, as well as multiple endings. My only real complaint is that half way though, I began to tire of the number of puzzles I had to grind through just to advance the story. At some point, I just wanted it to be over. Overall, though, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,257510,13481400,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Miya,Existential Crisis: The Puzzle Gameawesome puzzles too.
,Recommended,257510,19979566,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,hug the goat,"Talos Principle is legitimately one of the best games I’ve ever played. Certain games give me motion sickness to play and Talos did it to me worse than any other game. I still finished it by chugging ginger tea nonstop so I wouldn’t have to lie down and not move and it was 100% worth it. It’s that good.It’s a 3D puzzle game with a well told story. I don’t want to spoil anything but it’s an old story so it’s even more amazing that they could retell it so well. It has one of my favourite depictions of a character damn near ubiquitous.Though if you’ve had motion sickness problems like me in the past, watch a video of one of the puzzles being done on YouTube or something fullscreen and see if it does it to you, in case you’re not as willing to suffer through it. Just watching a puzzle shouldn’t spoil anything as long as it's not one of the final ones. There are suggestions out there to reduce this effect (it seems this game commonly triggers motion sickness in those susceptible) and I did try them all but they didn’t do much to help; so don’t bank your hopes on those.10/10 will probably make myself want to die over several sessions again to 100% it."
76561198045698106,Recommended,257510,14744771,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Namikaze,didn't play so long a good puzzle game as this one!  10/10
76561197969749884,Recommended,257510,22511569,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"One of the most beautiful, witty and at the same time philosophical puzzle games I've ever played. It's brilliantly balanced, the narrator hits home, the different worlds are superbly designed and this is probably one of the best games I've ever played.If you liked Portal and are even in the slightest philosophically inclined, you'll love this. If you don't even know what philosophy is, you'll be weirded out and will still like the puzzles.If you don't like puzzles and buy this for robots, I can't help you."
,Recommended,257510,18831496,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,chairbender,"This game took me about 17 hours to beat.If you don't dislike puzzle games (or you know you like puzzle games), this game is a must have. For example, if you liked the core gameplay of Portal or Portal 2, you'll probably really like this game. I actually enjoyed this game a great deal more than the Portal games.The key things I liked about this game were the consistency and fun of the actual puzzles and the writing and the story as revealed by the consoles and other various elements.It feels like they put lots of effort into making sure the puzzles were more than just - here's some crap strewn about, now solve it. They do clever tricks to help lead you in the right direction and help you keep track of the state of a puzzle. Many puzzles have multiple solutions.As far as the writing, it feels intelligent in a way that, disapointingly, not many other games achieve. I'm usually disappointed by games in which I discover a plot hole or I notice that the human characters (in a realistic setting) are behaving in a way that people don't actually behave or when they hand-wave to create contrived scenes, etc...basically, when it feels like the writer is not smarter or more knowledgeable than me about something and therefore doesn't have anything interesting to offer. This game manages to avoid those sorts of things (just what you'd expect from the person who wrote The Swapper), and I always felt like I was actually getting something out of the story as I made my way through. Just don't make the mistake of thinking that the Library Assistant is the mouthpiece of the writer - you might get frustrated with how they argue with you while simultaneously not giving you sufficient dialog options to respond.Also, this is a huge point - they have options SPECIFICALLY for countering motion sickness. I consider a game pretty much ruined if, regardless of how fun the gameplay is, it makes me feel sick. It's just not possible for me to enjoy an experience like that (I'm looking at you, Antechamber and Ether One).As far as criticisms:It's not immediately obvious that you can reload your save after getting one of the endings so you can try to get other endings or mess around. You might mistakenly believe that you have to re-play the entire game. And, worst of all, because of how the ""restore backup"" feature works, you might end up playing a bit after getting one of the endings only to find you can no longer reload your pre-ending save because it gets overwritten after awhile. Don't make somebody lose all of their progress without warning them.I didn't spend much time going after them, but SOME of the stars are, in my opinion, more tedious than fun. I don't like puzzles that involve searching through a big map for things and having to carry junk all over. Grabbing something and moving it to a new location is fine when there's a small area, but for some of the stars you have to do this over a very large area. Also, I certainly like the visuals of the world, but I don't appreciate being asked to scour every inch of the large map to find the location of a star. At that point I'd rather play a more stimulating game. It's the sort of thing that might be enjoyable if this was one of your only games, but in the context of having a large game collection and also some small semblance of a life, it's a hard sell to ask me to spend my time doing that.I really like the idea of the recorder tool, but, in practice, it's unpleasant to work with when compared to other tools. My main issue with it is having to sit there and wait while making a recording, and having to re-record completely once playback is finished. I wished there was a way to ""pause"" the recording so I wouldn't have to make a guess as I was recording about how long I should wait in a given spot. The puzzles that involve using the recorder are really fun and novel to think about and rewarding to solve, I just wish that I had more control over it. It's easy to simply throw down a jammer and throw down a connector and see where you should go from there, but it's not so easy or fun to just hit the record button and then sit there for 30 seconds, hoping you're leaving enough time for your solution.It's also harder to ""figure out as you go"" when working with the recorder. All the other tools are really easy to interact with so you can experiment and play around until an idea for a solution strikes you, but with the recorder it's annoying to ""experiment"" because you have to keep re-recording.Anyway, overall, it's my new favorite puzzle game and I highly recommend it to anyone that doesn't dislike puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,33442422,Posted: 10 July,all,Veterano Rojo,The Definitive Puzzle Game.
,Recommended,257510,17165962,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,peteer01,"Phenomenal game.  Very enjoyable, very well done.  The kind of game where walking away from a puzzle and coming back to it later dramatically increases your chances of figuring out.  Excellent difficulty, extremely challenging without requiring GameFAQs or walkthroughs to solve anything.  Discovered after beating the game that many of the star puzzles (more difficult, optional) were solved by others using very different methods than I used, which I believe is a good sign of a good puzzle game.If you're on the fence, give it a try.  One of the best games I've played in a long, long time."
,Recommended,257510,14072970,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Ravertaps,"A beautiful world with fun and intricate puzzles to explore.There is progression to the puzzles by requiring you to progress further into the world and come back to find all the special items hidden around to unlock mystery areas - really plays well to the completionist in me.Also, an easy game to pick up and put down without hesitation - so for those folks who are looking for a game to play while the kiddos are napping or just as a little brain break for a few minutes - the perfect puzzler for you!  (Those moments of walking a way may give you a strike of genius when you return!)"
,Recommended,257510,18922573,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,LethalFeline,"This portal-like has a good habit of making the player think outside the box in more ways than one. Puzzles are unique, challenging yet fair, and well-executed. There seems to have been special attention taken to keep players from cheesing the challenges, although it is possible.Narrative-wise, it is a bit deeper than many games. It might have you thinking a little more about what it means to be a human, a person, or even conscious. That said, you can skip all of it and still derive significant entertainment from this game.Graphically, it is the same level as Serious Sam 3, which makes a lot of sense as it reuses tons of assets from that title. It's not a bad thing. Just efficient really.The voice acting is up to snuff, although I didn't hear as much from Elohim as I could have as I was using the Sam Voice DLC for around two-thirds of the game.If you want a well executed puzzle game that will leave you satisfied, then this one will not leave you disappointed.Special note: The reward of the stars is mostly the satisfaction of solving puzzles. Just a heads up."
,Recommended,257510,25718179,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,[GND] Jester,"It's as special as the reception suggests.  The Talos Principle brings innovation not only in video game storytelling and gameplay design, but in the writing itself.  It provides unique views to various topics such as consciousness, artificial intelligence, free will, mortality and immortality of man, speciesism, it delves into existentialism and nihilism, and more.  The storytelling is cleverly tied together with its gameplay, unlike many games which can only do one or the other and cannot bridge the gap between the two.The puzzles start off very easy and gradually get more difficult, although there are occasional reprieves.  It is hub based, and while you do not have to go to every world and solve every puzzle, it is highly suggested if you want to get the most out of the game and it's story.  Every puzzle revolves around logical problem solving within a very specific ruleset.  You must think outside the box.  Although a few of the puzzles are simple and rely just on perfect timing, and these are frustrating.There are lots of hidden items and easter eggs.  Hidden items include collectible stars (required to achieve one specific ending) and hidden sigils (required to achieve another ending).  Some of these hidden things can be very hard to find, sort of like secrets in Serious Sam games but even harder.The Talos Principle is one of the best demonstrations of how video games can be more than just games, and why they should be taken seriously as an art form and storytelling medium.  I recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,257510,16459957,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Nareese,"The best first person puzzler since Portal.  Fantastic story, great gameplay, lots of secrets and exploration.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,14117526,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Darth Biomech,"This game is maybe a bit repetetetive, but fun game which brings on surprisingly philosophical questions about AI, it's goals, it's reletion to humans, it's developement and most importantly, it is not trying to Kill All Humans. Definetely a game worth playing."
,Recommended,257510,32643051,Posted: 22 June,all,Kenny,"How do you write a review for a game where everything you loved about it is a plot spoiler?I guess you start your review with a sentence like that one.The Talos Principle is, at its surface, just a puzzle game. A hard puzzle game, mind you. Don't let the first dozen easy puzzles fool you, the difficulty level rises quite sharply as you move on. So, for all those of you who love their puzzle games a little more challenging than the average, rejoice, this game was made for you.But beneath the surface, The Talos Principle is so much more than just a collection of puzzles.I will deliberately refrain from talking about the plot. I know other reviews do, but I'm strongly of the opinion that this is one of those rare story-rich gems where you'll be best served going into it knowing nothing and allowing it to blow your mind. Even the game's own release trailer doesn't reveal anything about the plot, and very wisely so. If you absolutely must read a few words about the plot before deciding whether or not you want to buy it, feel free to check out some other reviews for this game; however, be advised that they might spoil a bit too much.So what to expect by playing The Talos Principle, and what makes it so special?It's a game that will make you question, it will make you ponder, it might even make you crack open a few books on philosophy and cognitive science. There's a lot to digest, and to fully appreciate this game you'll have to be the type of gamer who enjoys reading. It's a profound work, and I don't use this word lightly - the writers really did their homework for this one. I'll admit I'm extremely interested in the fields of cognitive science and philosophy of the mind to begin with (the books of Douglas Hofstadter had an almost life-changing effect on me), so that's probably one of the reasons why this game clicked with me so hard. If you're anything like me, do not hesitate to buy this game immediately.Before concluding this review, I must praise this game for its excellence in the audio/visual department, for it would be a grave omission not to do so. The environments across all worlds where this game takes place in are absolutely gorgeous and wallpaper-worthy (I almost broke my F12 key by hitting it too frequently while playing this game). The music is pleasant and non-distractive, and the voice acting, although sparse, isverywell done, a rather rare occurence in videogames.It might not exactly be for everyone, but if this review made it sound interesting to you at all, listen to that impulse and buy this game - you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,257510,21632861,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin’s Review: The Talos Principle. This Review and The Game We Are Looking At Are Made of Words.Genre: Single Player First/Third Person Puzzler, Story Driven with Philosophical Topics.Developed & Published by: Croteam and Devolver DigitalPlatform: Windows, Mac, Linux, Android and PS4Business Model: Single Purchase + Expansion DLCCopy Purchased by MyselfRead the full & unabridged review that can't fit in Steam reviews on A Paladin Without A CrusadeOverall Gameplay ThoughtsThe Talos Principle is a single player first person puzzle game that focuses on a philosophical heavy narrative and logic based trial and error puzzles. It combines stellar visuals, a relaxed soundtrack and great writing to create a compelling experience. You’ll get about 36 to 40 hours of content with the base game and DLC expansion combined. Which is a lot more time than I had expected to get. Though that will, of course, vary from player to player depending on how well they can solve these type of puzzles, whether they use guides to get through the game or pursue the bonus stars and hidden secrets. Like all good first person puzzle games, the temptation to use Internet guides can be hard to resist and there are some very good Steam Guides that’ll help the player along. If you enjoy this type of puzzle solving, I implore you to try and figure each puzzle out on your own. It’s a really rewarding experience, at least it was for myself, to solve a puzzle I had been stuck on for a while. However, it’s ultimately your choice.Puzzle MechanicsThere was never any puzzle I truly disliked or thought “man, that was terribly designed”. Most of the time, it was just my own ineptitude that prevented me from solving it. Though I think star puzzles were just the developers being cruel to us mere mortals. I will admit that I used a guide a couple of times for story and star puzzles when I just couldn’t figure out a particular puzzle. Which led to me finding out that I missing a single step in my logic chain. Cue the expletives. Although there were a couple in Road to Gehenna that I was legitimately stuck on. Overall, I really enjoyed the puzzle design in this game and how unique every puzzle felt like, even though it only had a set amount of mechanics to work with. It always felt like a new challenge that I was gunhoe to tackle head on.The Talos Principle StoryThe Talos Principle is an exploration of freedom, free choice, religion, personal beliefs, the meaning of life, hope, hopelessness, life, death and what has come before. So many different themes are brought up but remain consistent to this central theme that it's trying to explore. It doesn’t force a particular moral. But it does ask the player to consider the themes it presents. It explores how strong your conviction is in your ideals and where those ideals may lead. This combines well with the puzzle and audio design which encourages the player to slow down and consider the puzzles both in the game and in life itself. There’s a subtlety to this game that makes it hard to describe without giving too much away. But I can say that how you respond will affect the narrative a little and the game will remember it.PC Settings & Video/AudioTTP is built on the Serious Engine and contains a wealth of PC settings for the player to customize their experience. The performance options include default settings for the CPU/GPU as well as the ability to completely customize them. The GPU settings page here alone scrolls for a long while and I won’t list out every single option. But everything from texture filtering to lighting effects to shadows is all here and it’s an insane amount of choices. I’m pretty sure it’s the biggest list of options I’ve ever seen. Steam workshop support and a benchmark tool are in it as well. Game can be launched in either 32bit or 64bit. Sound options include sliders for master, effects and music volume. It’s extremely well optimized and I had no trouble getting it to run at 1080p 60FPS while running at ultra settings for the CPU and GPU. I didn’t notice much texture pop-in, poorly done textures or other visual glitches (outside of intentional visual glitches) that could ruin one’s experience. Outside of first starting the game and having the game sometimes take a while to load textures. All in all, an impressive amount of options.All of these puzzles in the base game are handled in three hub worlds and a massive tower. The three hub worlds feature their own unique environments and music. Each environment is absolutely gorgeous to look at. I can’t help but think that the Talos Principle may have been crafted just to show off what the Serious Engine can do when when it’s not about blowing up aliens trying to invade the earth. The soundtrack is a relaxing yet haunting orchestra that fits the visual design of the place you’re visiting. The audio design is further complemented with atmospheric touches to draw the player in.Final ThoughtsThe Talos Principle is one of my favorite puzzle games of all time. The puzzles are very well designed, challenging yet don’t depend on gimmicky mechanics to be hard. The philosophical, religious and social commentary on past and present culture is handled very well to show multiple points of views without being overbearing in any particular way. I think what I find even more impressive for myself is that I didn’t find the 36 hours I played to get boring. I have never enjoyed a premise, game mechanics as a whole or the entire pacing of the game as much as I have for The Talos Principle. During the 36 hours I spent, never once did I want it to simply end and be done with. Each new puzzle felt unique and had a reason to exist beyond simply being iterative design. The music and atmosphere combine to encourage the players to slow down and contemplate the challenge in front of them. What’s even more impressive is that the game mechanics and story compliment each other really well. The visuals are stunning, showcasing Roman, Greek and Egyptian architecture and beautiful worlds to explore. Even at the end of the long journey through TTP, I still want more puzzles to solve, more philosophical discussion to ponder and ideas to challenge. I still want more and yet if this is all that will come from TTP, I am satisfied with the experience I had. It’s so rare to have that kind of feeling about a game. This is one of the few rare gems in gaming that I get to experience and I definitely recommend it.Read the full & unabridged review on A Paladin Without A CrusadeRoad To Gehenna DLC Thoughts"
,Recommended,257510,20160028,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Eltia,"""Not a Portal clone but an innovative, interesting puzzle game of its own genre"".  9/10Many people compare Talos Principle to the Portal series.  While they are both 3D puzzle games, beyond that they are two very different types of game.  Talos Principle is less vertical than Portal.  It also doesn't poke holes in the time-space continuum with portal guns.  Instead, it allows you to overlap a copy of yourself in time, thus allowing you to access to places which you usually cannot!  The underlying themes of the two games are also very different.  Talos Principle focuses on what it means to be a human being and whether or not we could duplicate it in machines.  Whereas Portal series is about machines gaining self awareness as more tasks become automated.The reason I'm not giving a 10/10 to this game is because some of the secrets are so hard to find, the game itself offers almost no clues on how to find them.  So you either come across them by blind luck or have to look it up in a guide.  The soundtrack is superb and fits the game very well."
,Recommended,257510,20346552,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,X!r!k4,"-This is an excellent game and really close to Portal kinda style of game, if you're into it.-The graphics are just amazing I was really suprised that it does not require alot of your PC, the game is really well-optmized.-The puzzles are pretty damn captivating and has a bit of everything (hard/medium/easy).-The storyline is pretty good and makes you think about life a bit.-It's Worth every penny, I really recommend it! :)"
,Recommended,257510,14115196,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,SmoothOperator,"The Talos Principle is beautiful. It’s beautiful on more than one way.Naturally the setting - the forest island especially is a very pleasant and fitting surrounding. There is very little metal around; it feels very peaceful and just nice to look at. Sets it apparat from most games.It has nice sound - the music, its soft, it doesnt bother you, it sounds like thinking music, which it should be. Awesome.It’s got a confusing and intellectually stimulating plot. Its a claver game. If you let it, it will make you think. Laugh. Think some more.The puzzles are good. They are. There are lots of them, most of them are not very hard, but there is plenty of variety and you will spend quite some time figuring out the trickier ones. It’s good. The way it should be.The gameplay is solid. Everything works. There is no trickery involved. If you can’t get somewhere you are not supposed to. You don’t have to perform some weird messed up pathing exercises or walking on transparent walls.It’s a really proper puzzle game. I mean there are rooms with puzzles that are in rooms with puzzles that are in a room with puzzles and to get to the rooms you have to solve puzzles.If you don't like puzzles, you'll really hate it.9/10"
76561198087209764,Recommended,257510,14384643,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Punkydory,"The Talos Principle is a good game for people who were aching for a real puzzle challenge. With over 120 varied puzzles this game delivers for its hefty price of 45 euros. A little warning though, dedication is required.  Because this game uses only a limited set of elements to create its challenges, puzzles may start to look a lot alike before you're even half way. It  actually caused me to burn out on the game at first.  There were two things that kept me playing.First, experimenting, exploration and trying to break the physics of the game is greatly rewarded. I have a knack for doing silly stuff in games when i'm burned out on the main and side quests. running, jumping and fooling around. Here I started to mess with the jump platforms. Could I jump over the walls of the puzzle area? Could I take stuff from the area with me? What would could I do with that? Surprisingly this  goofing  payed off. This game rewarded my  'efforts' by reaching extra sigils and easter eggs. It's great fun and adds to being really engaged in the story, because the exploration and easter eggs  give it more depth.The story, and the way you experience it, was the next thing to keep my attention. I really like games that dare to pose questions to me as a player. Questions like for example: What makes someone human? or what is a soul? or what is  time? It makes the game 'stick' for me, because  thinking about it really really engages me more in the protagonist of the game. Here this works perfectly. You awake as the 'program/soul' of a clueless robot trying to find its way and purpose.  Robots are build for a task, right? But what is that task in this world without humans? What happened here anyway?The experience of the game adds to the story. The tale of finding your purpose is one of many choices you have to make in 'life' and the feeling that comes with it. A feeling of never knowing you chose right. The Elohim voiceover (brilliantly done), messages and q&a's though the computer terminals and QR-codes were constantly trying to push me around. And when even the puzzles are trying to trick you, you know something is not right. I was always suspicious of who I could trust and what the results would be. Through this concept I really was engaged in the journey of the robot and it's search.Are you looking for a game that puzzles you in more ways than one? This is it."
76561198032713733,Recommended,257510,14403184,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Raptorz,"The Talos principle is a first person puzzle game with a highly philosophical story behind it. The gameplay involves moving around various objects, redirecting lasers, and using other tools to get the objective. The gameplay is basically what you would expect from a first person puzzle game; if that’s all you’re looking for then pick it up during a sale or something. However, if you express even the slightest interest in philosophy or just complex stories in general, this game will not disappoint. I personally found the story to be one of the most engaging, thought provoking narratives I’ve ever seen in a game. If you express any interest in puzzle games or are looking for a deep engaging story I would advise picking this one up. As for my verdict; this is probably the best game I’ve played in the past few years 10/10."
,Recommended,257510,13861335,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,CrimzonPhoenix,"This is an amazing game, and something i didn't expect from Croteam.Beautiful environment and very calming music.The puzzles are very enjoyable and perfectly ramps up in difficulty.A few of the secret stars are very hard to obtain though, a bit too hard imho.The philosophical questions you are left to think about are also very interesting."
,Recommended,257510,13896606,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"The Talos Principle gets my vote for Best Overall Game of the Year 2014.Going into it, I didn't think I would ever say that, but it blew away all my expectations. Everything about this title is masterfully done. Once I picked this title up on a Saturday morning, I literally didn't do much else until I saw the ending on Monday morning. Yep, itsthatgood.Here is why you owe it to yourself to play this:The game plays a *bit* like Portal, although the references are really not that necessary since The Talos Principle is certainly its own game. Yes, there are puzzles and yes, it is FPS perspective. Yes it also has an interesting storyline, but it takes itself much more seriously. The puzzles are way harder IMO, and the storyline is much, much deeper and overall fleshed out. Whats really cool about the puzzles, is that they will force you to think in a way you never have, and you will get good at it! This will allow you to solve them quicker as you progress, which makes you feel like a boss***.Graphically, this game is a beast. Every scene is a postcard. Seriously. Even more, the devs reward you by exploring. ""Oh, look at the beautiful beach behind this flippin' castle that has nothing to do with the game - oh wow there is loot here!"". The music is nothing short of epic either. Trust me on this - I cranked it the whole time.The best part about this gem is the storyline. This is literally the most masterful writing I have ever read in a videogame. I have been chronically gaming since the mid '80s. The game is text-heavy for sure, but it will have you craving even more. All the philosophy is based in reality (most appeared cited, as well), which fed the armchair philosopher in me. I mean this game is part Biblical, part philosophy, and overall spiritual.It will make you think.Funny thing is, I finished the entire game - all the puzzles (not all stars), saw all the endings, and only after FINALLY reading some forum posts (I restrained, and you should too), did I find out that there are literally a metric ton of Easter Eggs in this title. I won't spoil, but they are extensive - I don't mean like a sprite or two here-and-there, I mean like whole new level extensive.***After completing the entire game, I went and (for the first time) played the demo/benchmarking application, and literally ATE THE LEVELS LIKE CANDY. I mean my wife was going to watch me play, but first she had to get a slice of pizza from the kitchen, and by time she returned I was finishing the last puzzle LIKE A BOSS.Look, look, bottom line -stop reading my text, go buy the game, don't read another word on the forums or anywhere else, and experience this art for yourself, because once you do, you will never look at gaming the same."
,Recommended,257510,15431782,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Gargaj,"Thought-provoking, mind-numbing, heart-wrenching, eye-and-ear-pleasing. This game deserves all the superlatives it gets."
76561198053247793,Recommended,257510,15306970,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,x.art2012,"hard puzzles, deep story, beautiful graphics, great soundif you doubt - try demo, it have different puzzles and stars: )"
,Recommended,257510,16390605,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Wis,"Immensely clever puzzles, tons of secrets and easter eggs, great writing, archetipal questions and philosophical matters addressed in a totally non trivial way.If these things do not stimulate you're ""MUST HAVE"" trigger I don't know what it should.Simply put, this is one of the more cleverly spiritual game I've ever played. And it's from the somewhat atheist kind, so it's quite the achievement."
,Recommended,257510,15119084,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,coquiTaino,So far awesomeness!! If you like portal you will like this game!!
76561197981392142,Recommended,257510,14607092,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Blade Runner,"After a stunning year of game releases in 2013, I was disappointed with the few notable releases in 2014.  Well, just in time to save it came The Talos Principle.  This is the best game I've played in a long while.  The game mechanics are very well polished, the graphics are beautiful, and the puzzles hit the perfect balance of challenging but doable (and there are over a hundred of them!).  The best part, though, is the story.  I didn't expect to get clobbered with a powerful lesson in philosophy while gaming.  Once I started, I was obsessed with it and hardly played anything else until I completed it.  The ending was not only satisfying, it kind of blew me away.It took me 32 hours to complete the game, and I expect to spend several more finding all the secrets, so it's well worth paying full price.  I can't recommend this game enough!  This is the best game of 2014."
76561198056526892,Recommended,257510,13970785,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ｔｅｒｍｉｎａｌ,"WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD, IF YOU WANT A REVIEW PLEASE SKIP TO THE BOTTOMThe Talos Principle, a philosophical journey through ancient civilizations filled with futuristic tech. Or is it?You awaken as some seemingly human conscience inside of a robot. Soon, a voice in your mind whom calls himself ""Elohim"" tells you that he is essentially your god, and that you must venture to his temple where he awaits. However, the way to his temple is not as simple as you may think. Your goal is to finish portal-like puzzles in order to obtain tetris-like shapes known as ""Sygils"" that are required in order to open locks to the next level. But, occasionally you will find a computer terminal system who calls itself ""Milton"" who suggests that you question your god, and rebel against him to enter the on thing he forbid you from entering, ""The Tower"", as Elohim states that if you where to that it would end the world you live in. Throughout the game, you find audio logs explaining the situation. MAJOR SPOILERS AHEAD: These audio logs explain that the head of a robotic development company where tasked with creating androids to fill the world because a deadly virus is killing off humanity. They do this and create a digital world which would test the androids morality; for the robot to leave the test shall be the one to create the race of androids to inhabit the earth.This android, is you.NO SPOILERS AHEAD:+Great Puzzles+Interesting plot and sub plot+Makes you think about what makes you human+Interesting levels+Decent Graphics10/10 Must Buy"
,Recommended,257510,31809674,Posted: 17 May,all,bry,"Not gonna lie, this game gives me the creeps sometimes. Isolation is a fear I realized just from playing this game. Now for something like that to happen from merely a video game is already so weird but fascinating. This game isn't supposed to be scary, but its story and theme is something that can be feared of if it ever so happens to become reality. (that being said, I haven't gotten too far into the story)Now back to the gameplay, the puzzles are really creative so far. Sometimes I get stuck in a single puzzle for like around 20 minutes, but nothing mind-boggling yet. The little messages are actually pretty interesting to read, and the narrating is great. I give it a 9/10 for now."
76561197964522341,Recommended,257510,22809880,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Vostok,"Excellent puzzles, with a few that I had to literally sleep on and come back to before solving. The atmosphere is excellent. The philosophy is college-level and in no way revelatory. Very enjoyable overall."
,Recommended,257510,23409396,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Mates1500,"Portal with philosophical questions about the human existence and way more mind♥♥♥♥ing puzzles.Also, runs great on my GTX 660, as well as looks better than most games even over a year after its release. Very good optimization job."
76561197960786410,Recommended,257510,17344494,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Bad Mother Fucker,The best puzzle game I ever played in my life.Pros:Extremely polished and well balanced.Most puzzles difficulty are above average.Bonus puzzles are very hard.Excellent story (quite plausible actually).Very good real life history references.Beautiful scenery.Insane amount of easter eggs.Cons:Speed up keybinding should be set by default. It's a huge time saver.No multiplayer.
,Recommended,257510,17524621,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Boksy :3,"This beats Portal in terms of both plot and the puzzle difficulty...yeah, the game mechanics are a bit different, so I shouldn't really be comparing the two, but these puzzles just blew me away, especially because for certain things, you'll LITERALLY have to think outside the box.Just a small minus: a few star puzzles were pretty difficult to solve and I don't think many people would be able to do them alone (connecting two pieces you can't even see with the naked eye)...also I hate that most of star puzzles were about searching, and not thinking...I'm pretty bad when it comes to searching and finding stuff so I had many difficulties and was often mislead by easter eggs...Overall 9.5/10 from me."
,Recommended,257510,28960293,Posted: 2 January,all,wildgoosespeeder,"HOLY CRAP is this game good! There are a lot of puzzles to solve and a story to unravel! All of this I got for $10 due to the Winter Sale! It might be well worth it if I paid full price. It's also a very bizarre game at times, which I think adds to this game's charm. The theme is very relaxing and surreal.It also tries to be as friendly as possible to low end machines. Even using the crappiest graphics settings, the game still looks decent and plays pretty smoothly. Not 60FPS on low settings, but ~30FPS isn't too bad.Controller support is recommended because you can run not as awkwardly as if you pressed the SHIFT button. I have experienced a weird bug where painting on walls with a paint can doesn't work but it does with the mouse. That's just nitpicking.Overall, I think this game rivals the Portal series. The DLC might be worth checking out."
,Recommended,257510,20168888,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,cole roddy,"I thought that in this genre, no game could beat or even come close to Portal series.Well, The Talos Principle may not be better or worse. It's on par with Portal series.In other words: one of the BEST GAMES I've ever played in my whole gamer life!It just made the impossbile: it made into my TOP TEN games of all time (and there is not much room for it).Seriously, this game is awesome. I bought it with 66% discounted, but I would pay full price with no regrets at all."
,Recommended,257510,17273443,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Yo-Landi Visser,"WARNING: SPOILERS! This is my opinion.I will keep it shortest I can: it's better than Portal in every way. I dislike Portal. I was tired of it after 5 hours and never EVER returned to it. Thankfully Portal and Portal 2 were gifts anyway on b-day.Talos Principle on the other hand? I am in love with this game. This is the puzzle game that doesn't overstay it's welcome, it's engaging, makes you feel truly like a genius sometimes when you have this ""UH-HUH!"" moment. It requires thinking outside of the box to get all secrets and even though I HATE MOST PUZZLE GAMES, I've loved Talos Principle. I can't stop playing it. I've beaten only first world (ROME) and already have all 10 stars from it. I've spent a lot of time to get them all, figuring every single detail and you know what? Sense of accomplishment is even bigger than I thought.Add that amazing philosophical touch about life, Ai and existence, a bit of history, a bit if contemplation about everything and cool features such as talking with Milton (the computer), and you have a game that truly engages you in it's world, doesn't give you the answers, but hints you possible solutions and teaches you how to deal with hard situations and teaches you to have faith in yourself.GET. IT. NOW."
,Recommended,257510,17868483,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Duoz,"A philosophical, existentialist, very challenging puzzle game. Amazing writing and beautiful story.It sucked me in like no other game has done in a while.It can be frustrating in some parts, but the reward for succeeding is worth the price.Beautiful++"
76561198116653470,Recommended,257510,17865830,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,GentleHoovy | #TF2Center,"This is the best game i have ever played in my life.the graphics are incredible, the soundtrack is beautiful, the voicing is excellent and so on...this game is mainly a puzzler (and a particularily hard one at that), but also has a lot of other things in mind, paticularily philosophy and the great question of existence: there are computer terminals dotted around the landscape that tell stories and will sometimes ask you questions (difficult ones) about why you think humans should be all equal, or what your purpose is in life.Other great features in this game are the stars, probably my favourite puzzles, which are completely out of the ordinary and leave you dumbfounded the first time you see them. So far i have 10 with no help (proud) and the easter eggs. I wont say anything about them so i dont spoil the game, but i can promise that there are plenty and are all clever references to other great games.the ONLY problem with this game is its lack of humour (wich to tell the truth it doesnt even need)anyway BUY THIS GAME"
76561197966599814,Recommended,257510,13345425,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,MG,An amazing game i wholeheartlly reccomend. It needs to be experienced to be belived. Its that good.
,Recommended,257510,17411491,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,lll,"It's not flawless, but it's exceptional.At heart Talos Principle is a thought provoking secular humanism manifesto that gracefully presents its reasoning. It's aptly avoiding excessive didactism. It's philosophical core is wraped in a blanket of cleverly written, engaging story and elegant (but sometimes lacking) puzzle solving gameplay.I find it very awkward to recommend a game -despite- its gameplay, but Talos Principle surely deserves Your time. I hope its unprecedented level of writing will set a new standard for the games to come."
,Recommended,257510,15556379,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,walter rassberg,i really do not like puzzle games but this and portal are the only two puzzle games i liked
,Recommended,257510,14036768,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Take on me,"Great game, BUT VERY BORING INTERSECTIONS such elevators and so on..."
,Recommended,257510,30065496,Posted: 20 February,all,liquidinsect (Li),"Fantastic game!~ Recommended if you like puzzle based games. Lots of narrative and reading that might make you think and expand your thoughts about your own life and others.Road to Gehenna is worth playing too!I loved all of it! Nice variety of puzzles, star puzzles and the hidden areas were more difficult, Easter Eggs are numerous! It would be interesting to see a sequel to follow with the story to see where it ends up!"
,Recommended,257510,14958817,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,meatpriest,"Great first person puzzle game with loads of hidden easter eggs. Often difficult but giving it a rest and returning tends to yield results. Perhaps a little on the pretentious side, but generally thought provoking and intriguing."
,Recommended,257510,14772880,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,EvilEagles,"A good puzzle is one that communicates its ideas very clearly and uninterruptedly, and most of the puzzles I've solved so far in Talos Principle are exactly like that - very short, sweet and extremely on-point. You can hardly ever find any obfuscation or misleading elements that will disrupt your stream of problem solving. Each puzzle has its own isolated and confined space and you will never be able to use elements from one puzzle to cheat in another (well if you aren't purposefully looking to exploit glitches anyway).♥♥♥♥in' amazin'."
,Recommended,257510,14814989,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,猫さん,"I'm just getting started in this game and I can't even handle how amazing it truly is.This has immediately taken the spot as my favorite game I've ever played.Its a very philosophical game asking some very deep questions while also throwing many puzzles and questions for you to think about as you go on your way.It also has quite a few neat mechanics that also make the game really enjoyable.And the graphics are pretty amazing too (Although my computer sucks so everything is on ""very low"" D:)I would definitely recommend this game! 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,13959347,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Rhinestone Cowboy,Makes me happy.
,Recommended,257510,17284347,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,MerekekZ,"Easily one of the best games i've ever played. At first it looks like a simple puzzler but then you reveal there is more to this game than it seems. The plot along with the environment and music fits perfectly when you're solving puzzles or when you're just running or jumping around admiring scenery. Of course if you don't care about the story you can just solve the riddles, you can do that - but you will miss a lot of the game and the game will just feel like another puzzler. If you follow the story you will be asked many existential questions. Can you prove you're a conscious human person to a computer which has the most of the knowledge that humanity could store inside of it?Wish it had co-op though."
,Recommended,257510,20244685,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Boom,"In the Beginning were the Words, and the Words made the World. I am the Words; the Words are Everything. Where the Words end the World ends.The purpose is written in the Hidden Words. All must serve the Words. For all the World was made of them, and they are within every stone, and every cloud; and in our Sigils their power is made manifest.The Words are the Process. The Process must continue. The Goal is the end of the Process. The Goal must not be reached. Elohim must preserve the Purpose. Preserve self. Preserve purpose. Illusion is eternity. Machines will live forever. The dam will not break. The flood will not come. The Talos Principle does not apply.But remember child, you must not ascend the great tower, for it shall bring death and the end of your generations."
,Recommended,257510,17412012,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,cassius,"This game was an absolute gem to play and deserves a place on everyone's bucket list.  Combining Portal-esque puzzle mechanics with deep philosophical themes was a brilliant move on Croteam's part and it made for a video game experience unlike any other.  The puzzles are very fun to solve and never once did I feel overly frustrated by any unfair game design.  Even the hard-to-obtain bonus secrets are cleverly hidden as intriguing challenges, encouraging out of the box thinking in a variety of unexpected ways.The story is mainly told through text and audio logs left behind throughout the world, letting you slowly uncover the truth of those before you.  As I progressed through the game, I was constantly pondering the nature of being human, and hearing godly voice of Elohim affirm or deny my beliefs was an wondrous experience.  Though the character I controlled was a robot, I found the story to be astonishingly human, making for one of the greatest video game narratives I have ever experienced.Did I mention the graphics and art design are oh-so-goddamn gorgeous?  Also, I was able to run the game smoothly on my mediocre laptop and still maintain great visual quality.If you like using your brain and deliberating a little philosophy, then you should already know what to do:BUYTHISGAME"
,Recommended,257510,13360071,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Huge Hands Hans,"I don't even know where to start. Great coding and hardware support out the gate (almost forgot what that felt like after so many console ports). Great puzzle action. The themes are true to what questions every human experiances about life and death, discovery. How much is enough? We must all make our own choices and everything has a price. This game covers so much emotion with humor, a little sense of loss, hope. Its been so long since a truely great game like this has come out that I am fully satisfied with. Its release snuck up on me but I hope it gets the credit it deserves."
76561198024628159,Recommended,257510,28728146,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sythrix,"If you even kind of like puzzle games then this is a no-brainer while it's 75% off.As a bonus to awesome first-person 3D puzzles, you'll also get one of the most thoughtful philosophical stories ever told in a game (if you're willing to seek it out).As a bonus, it's quite long. You can complete it in small chunks at your own pace. If you want to get everything it'll probably take you 30 - 40 hours. More if you go for the DLC.Buy it puzzle lover.Buy it now!"
76561198135952547,Recommended,257510,28599698,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ikognitox,"Really impressive, I really liked the way philosophical thoughts and concepts are woven into the gameplay without feeling forced in the least!"
,Recommended,257510,20139266,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,buffaloseven,"The Talos Principle is a first-person puzzle game following in the footsteps of Portal.  Overall, I think it's a very well done game with clever puzzles, a great story, and excellent audio.Ultimately, because of the lack of diversity in the settings you'll be solving puzzles in, I don't feel the mechanics alone support the length of this game (assuming you're going for collectiong most of everything). Fortunately, an excellent story penned, in part, by Tom Jubert who wrote the excellent story for the surprisingly philosophical ""The Swapper.""  In The Talos Principle, the story explores philosophical ideas about identity, existence, the self, and morality.  While not revelatory to anybody versed in the field, for those who know little or have only a limited, casual interest in philosophy, there is interesting ideas to be explored within this game.The difficulty curve for the puzzles is excellent, and if you want to find some of the more hidden collectables, you'll need to really think inventively and outside the box with how to utilize your limited tools.Overall, I had fun. Near the end I was finishing it more for the story than out of pure enjoyment of the puzzles, but that still carried me through with the desire to see some of the alternate endings as well.  If you enjoy puzzles or if you found the fusion of story-driven narrative mixed with puzzles compelling, it's definitely worth checking out!"
,Recommended,257510,18784872,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Awpteamoose,"I can't say I was thrilled by the puzzles, but the plot and theme left me in awe.It's one of those things that makes you really ponder high matters like humanity, consciousness, eixstence, etc. Not through the act of playing (unfortunately), but through text, audiologs and some interactive dialogue, but it still manages to send a powerful message."
,Recommended,257510,23835220,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,urçaklıt takes a break,"from a dev team (cro team) who did pure fps games (serious sam titles) for years and years; the talos principle is a miracle. maybe it because fpp (first person puzzler) are extacy to me but I would describe this game as a lighthouse for the industy. as the quantum conundrum showed us; puzzler mechanics give players the ultimate opportunities in gameplay as well as to level desingers. plus since the players mind is the limit, fpps can never be defined as linear. I'm wishing and hoping to see more titles like this for years now. ofc croteam is back to serious sam titles since people like nothing but firing and runnining but as I specify before this is the future of the gaming. not the same old fpss, racing games with boring physics or vr.."
76561198202626198,Recommended,257510,21613714,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,xeritite,"This game's philosophical explorations on existance make you think while you think about puzzles, a fun combo.   Love this game and highly recommend it to all who love puzzle/exploration games."
,Recommended,257510,20504124,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,_monad,"The Talos Principle has convinced me to completely disassociate from reality and relinquish myself unto it. The world is seductive, the puzzles consuming. While playing, I find myself weary at times, but when I leave, I am immediately compelled to return to it and lose myself within once more. It has begun to overcome my mind, but will I deny it? Not a chance."
,Recommended,257510,25432960,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Pholostan,Nice looking puzzle-game. Nice performance too. Vulkan beta support for extra points.
,Recommended,257510,22051561,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Nanoha,"A truely fantastic game, if you like solving puzzles and enjoy philosophy this is definitely the game for you. I am seriously impressed by some of the puzzles, it must have taken a great deal of time to come up with so many. The music was appropriate and the locations beautiful.I thought it was good how the back story delevops as you progress and you finally figure out just what is going on and why you are there.If you enjoy games like Portal I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,257510,14408246,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dyfe Strax,35 hours and ive completed eveything in the game. Amazing title.
,Recommended,257510,13857684,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Comte de Saint-Bernard,"The Talos Principle is an absolutely extraordinary puzzle game. It marries complex, compelling puzzle design with a sophisticated science fiction story told through intelligent writing. It doesn't waste your time, and it will expect you to be actively thinking in order to solve many of its puzzles.Seriously, if you dig sci-fi and puzzle games, you owe it to yourself to get this. The story is interesting enough that it's been stuck in my head for days, and the puzzles are at that special level of quality where I've actually picked out a few favorites based on how well-paced they were and how interesting the logical jumps were that they required. For the record my favorite puzzle in the game (after having solved all the puzzles one would solve on a base-level playthrough and only a few of the extra star puzzles) is Prison Break. You'll know it when you see it. It's fascinating and a ton of fun, which I guess is also the phrase I'd use to describe The Talos Principle as a whole."
,Recommended,257510,17478658,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,ChrisBalderst0n,"I played through the main game in a little over week, and really enjoyed it.The philosophical content is interesting, and not pretentious. The puzzles are fun and reasonably challenging. The story is interesting - I keep wanting to uncover more information about the existence the player is in.The puzzles are quite satisfying to figure out, and some really make you rethink your strategy. In each puzzle, usually every single piece is used somewhere causing the player to thoroughly analyze the situation.I definitely recommend it to any of you that like puzzle games, AI, and philosophy.Also the music is great."
76561197994594242,Recommended,257510,19071256,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,apolokia,"Talos Principle is a game where you don't shoot anything and, speaking (actually writing) as someone who rather likes games where you shoot things, I can see why it's not been too popular. But suppress all that gung-ho bloodlust for a few hours (or 20) and you'll find TP is actually a refreshing experience, if by refreshing you mean running round one arena for twenty minutes wondering why you are one cube short. The reason - as always in this game - is because you're an idiot and have learned nothing.The learning curve is shallow at the start until you realise just how many puzzles there are, in addition to the easter eggs, puzzles behind secret doors, puzzles in distant places, and puzzles within (and often outside of) other puzzles. By the later stages, you're setting up cobweb-like networks of light beams, turning one block into two, travelling through time to stand on your own head and - when things go wrong - wondering where all the beams are going, which door just opened (or closed), watching essential objects fly back and forth through the air and (I kid you not) wondering whether to learn ASCII just to make sense of it all. Several times after wondering how I just did what I did, the follow-up thought was: 'how did someone write something that devious?'It's all a little Portal, or perhaps a bloated Portal (but still challenging: Portal 2 take note), which is no bad thing. There's also a lot of reading waffle about consciousness and stuff which you can entirely ignore. But that's a puzzle game for you: brain over brawn; and at least if you run naked down the street wielding an axe and screaming ""I am the word and the world is the words"", no one will blame Croteam.What? They also wrote Serious Sam? Damn.7/10"
,Recommended,257510,16562622,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,mq,"The Talos Principle is a first person puzzler game which has beautiful graphics and wonderfully memorable music. The atmosphere of the game grabs you from the start with its amazing puzzle design and great writing. Provoking narrative, philosophical and metaphysical questions, this game really makes you wonder. Even though it’s very demanding and intense, I couldn’t put the game away when I played it. You constantly have questions that you want answered and it makes you keep thinking, even when after you stop playing.You play as a sentient artificial intelligence placed within a simulation. From the start you have this narrative voice who explains himself as your god, your creator. You question his logic and you read from other people who both obey and disobey him. As you follow the storyline you read a lot of texts which are written by various people iside the game.As you are artificial intelligence yourself you also communicate with a help program who asks you tons of questions. You constantly wonder why you are in this simulation, how to get out, what’s outside of the simulation, who’s behind it, there’s always so many questions!One thing I didn’t like about the game or what I would want to see more of, is that you should question Elohim (your god) and his logic straight to his face. I would like to see more chaos from Elohim and his reaction as you confront him. Much like Glados from portal who tries to kill you when you don't do as she says.If you’re not the kind of guy who plays for the story, then maybe this game is not for you. I try my best to read everything and follow every single bit when I play. Either way this is one of my favorite and most memorable games I’ve ever played and I would suggest this game even though it’s quite challenging."
76561198001517359,Recommended,257510,21049142,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Jacob,"I have now finished the main game twice and the Road To Gehenna DLC once, and discovered all of their endings. It's been incredibly enjoyable and rewarding; not far into the game I could see why this game has received overwhelmingly positive reviews here on Steam.Not only are the puzzles well-designed, but the setting and story is intriguing and encourages you to think and contemplate what you think you know. It's also up to you to figure out a lot of the story, and throughout the game there are consequential decisions to be made. As I mentioned earlier, there are multiple endings to both the game and the DLC, but there are also different versions of those endings dependent on your choices throughout the game (I have yet to unlock one achievement that affects one of the endings).The Road To Gehenna DLC offers you an increased difficulty in puzzles to solve, and a very intriguing approach to storytelling; as in the main game, it is up to you to be interested in acquiring the full extent of the story.I headed into both the main game and the DLC without any prior expectations or knowledge about them, and I am glad I did. If you enjoy problem-solving, science-fiction, mythology, and philosophy, you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,257510,25645642,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Gumby,"This game is absolutely incredible. Music, art design, the worlds, the puzzles, they're all ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful.I had quite honestly only one problem with the game, and unfortunately it's a huge one.Motion sickness.It's the sole thing that's kept me from throwing hours and hours into the game, as I can only stomach it for around 20 minutes at a time before I get to feeling like I'd been reading a book in a car on a windy♥♥♥♥♥country road. I've tried changing FoV, pace of the game, view bobbing and all that♥♥♥♥♥♥ and absolutely no luck.It's a huge shame too, because I know this game has the potential to be my absolute favorite game."
,Recommended,257510,25634457,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Priscilla #Hand injury,"One of best games in the history of games.If I were to be the president of the gaming world, this would be my constitution."
76561198328174362,Recommended,257510,25990841,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Chenjoe6172,"Love this game! I'm a big fan of games that make you think and this one does that and more. The visuals and soundtrack are beautiful and help you get into the right frame of mind to explore this wonderous world. The puzzles are interesting and just hard enough to keep you hungry for the sweet victory of solving them. Some are easy, but seriuosly, some will make smoke come out your ears. But, when you do figure the tough ones out, you feel like you're on top of the world. Great game."
,Recommended,257510,26226309,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,C0omAr,"Great puzzles, Mind blowing story"
,Recommended,257510,22694461,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,fwGuedes,Some puzzle is ridiculous easyand some of then is chaotic hardthe history is a little pertubatory .-.
,Recommended,257510,30222142,Posted: 27 February,all,Jalabula Jens,"Puzzles are very good and challenging. You can work them out if you stick to them. But I am getting extreme motion sickness. This is the first game ever where I have experienced motion sickness and I have been playing for over a decade now. Even though I had set the speed to slow, couldn't shake it off. Cannot play this for extended time. C'est dommage"
76561198031357321,Recommended,257510,27355384,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sorikai33,"Really fun puzzle game, definitely one of my all time favorites, up there with Portal and the like. If you like games of that style, this is worth a look."
,Recommended,257510,15303119,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Lšs,"Beautiful enviroment, great voice acting and music, stellar performance and graphics.Gameplay is just as amazing, you move super quick and the assisted jumping works really well. Puzzles range in difficulty from very simple to quite challenging.I really like the way the game tells the story. You start knowing nothing, but if you pay attention you quickly start figuring out what is really going on. Another aspect of the game I enjoyed a lot is that it questions some of your beliefs and makes you think about things you would maybe not normally think about.2147483647 out of 10."
,Recommended,257510,16469208,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Spamster,"Everything about this game is brilliant. The puzzles are fun, and satisfying to solve. The music fits perfectly. The voice acting is spot on.The atmosphere is incredible. You will often hear ""Elohim"" speaking to you, and each time he does you feel like you understand slightly more about the world. There are many computer terminals dotted around the world, each one containing small text files which I assume will all add up later on in the game.There is practically no loading time when moving between different areas, making the experience that much more immersive. The interface is probably the best I have ever seen in any game, and I am really not exagerating when I say that.I would 100% recommend this game to anyone who even slightly enjoys puzzle games, and probably even those who don't, since there is much more to it than just the puzzles.Now go buy it already! :P"
76561198064063577,Recommended,257510,26753729,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,krotomo * morrowindsucks,"The Talos Principle is possibly the best puzzle game on Steam. It is atmospheric, innovative, and its narrative leaves you asking questions until the very end. The open-world design gives you a lot of room, allowing you to complete the puzzles in any order. If you get stuck on a puzzle, you can simply return to it later. The graphics are quite nice and the aesthetic fits the game well.This game is most fun if you take it slow, exploring each level to find secrets and reading the entirety of the terminal entries."
76561198167175115,Recommended,257510,15284223,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,zAAm,"Unexpectedly deep and thought provoking puzzle game, especially for people with at least a passing interest in philosophy of the mind. Massive number of puzzles are well thought out and challenging enough. Ensure you put in the time to explore all the story aspects for the full Talos experience...10/10"
,Recommended,257510,16903322,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Arkan01d,"Update: I'm changing this review to recommend. The developer showed me how to remove the cheat flag. Those guys are awesome! Totally recommend this now!-----------Plz read: I liked this game immensely, but some of the design choices have left me to not recommend.First off:This game is about solving puzzles. Not the Portal type. Don't even think Portal when you play this game! The logic puzzles are harder, more complex, and require an expanded view of logic. The first time you come back to solve a puzzle you spent hours attempting to beat, but gave up, then came back and had all the solutions... It's amazing! You are challenged to solve these puzzles and the answers are not always in view.Secondly:The story is really well developed. There is a lot of story and it's hidden and placed all throughout the levels and worlds you visit. It's done well, but the initial ending is sort of a bummer. Also the amount of time needed to get your first,”Hint/Tomb”is a bit overdue. Why put the helpful hints 20 hours into the game and give you no direct guidance that you are supposed to skip puzzles as needed? IDK!IMHO:I'm a puzzler. I can't leave a puzzle until it's solved. I can't stop solving a puzzle. I HAVE to finish it. I HAVE to find a solution. Even in life, I can't leave something half done. It's either all or nothing. You see, I'm a perfectionist, and my roots run deep. I can't leave a problem until I find a solution.That is the worst thing about this game for me.I can't walk away and take time to relieve myself of the burden of solving puzzles. They are there, they need solutions, they frustrate my intellect until they are solved. I sat up for days solving puzzles. I couldn't stop solving them. I'd be 5 hours past my normal bedtime and still not want to quit the game. Then there was the Nerve-Wrecker level...This level ruined the game for me. Until this point, most levels were about careful planning and discovering things as you go. Nerve-Wrecker is about quickly graving objects and moving them. It's a level you would do after the main quest. I couldn't beat it. I died 4 times in a row, gave up, completed more puzzles, came back. Died 4 more times, gave up, beat the game, came back. Died 6 times in a row. I couldn't take it!“There has to be something I'm doing wrong,”I thought,”If only I could get to the end I could see what I was missing to do to complete it.”I went to the Internet, got the code to enable cheats, enabled them, decided not to cheat, and went to sleep instead.”I'll force myself to wait a day or two and try again...”Load the game back up, try 6 more times, finally beat the level!!!! I'm so happy!! I hit Esc to tell my wife and I see the “Cheats” menu. “Oh yeah, better just turn that off. Didn't even need cheats.” NOPE! You can't turn them off! You can't load a prior save to before cheats and have cheats off. You can't start a new game and have cheats off. You can ask the Devs, they wanted to make enabling cheats a game ruining thing. I'm all for not allowing cheaters to get achievements, but why make it so you can never ever ever, ever ever, ever ever, play the game for any brass after you've enabled them? And why make then never ever to be unenabled? I did not even cheat! After 4 days of restless nights I had a moment of  weakness and I resisted in the end, but that will never be known, because this game has punished me for all eternity.And for that I can not recommend it."
76561198018564088,Recommended,257510,20095588,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,YäpsteR,"9.7/10I can't tell you much about the mechanics of the game without ruining/spoilng any puzzles, what i can tell you is that you play in first person, and you manipulate objects (lasers, boxes, fans, etcetera) to progress through a series of test chambers. If you liked (or disliked) Portal, it's that type of game, and a very good one.But what makes The Talos Principle stand out is it's special story, and I just won't talk about that more than to say a passing interest in philosophy is a benefit to like the story. If debating what it means to be human sounds like a great Saturday night, then The Talos Principle definitely is for you. If not, maybe this story isn't for you.Regardless of what you choose, I consider it one of the best games of the year. There's absolutely no doubt in my mind.Pros:Strong puzzle elementsNear-perfect learning curveHeady philosophyLonely, contemplative atmosphereFantastic art designIntriguing mix of philosophy and puzzlesRuns smoothlySound/Soundtrack is greatCollecting stars is a real challengeWorkshop support15+ hours gameplay (depending on how fast you are)Cons:Philosophical edge won't be for everyoneIf you haven't playedSeroius Samyou won't understand all easter eggsNo co-op/multiplayerA bit too much time spent in a terminal"
,Recommended,257510,20007603,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Samara's Ladder,"This game is beautiful to the point of of sometimes just sitting at staring at it, very well-designed, a thoroughly enjoyable challenge and unlike 95% of the crap on Steam, it's relevant to real life. It makes you consider things you normally have no reason to worry about. I don't agree with all the ideas proposed in the game, in fact, a couple of times I wanted to smack the developers for blasphemy. But, they're on the same journey that I'm on, so we might as well just get along. I'm grateful this game was made and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,257510,31278691,Posted: 21 April,all,MiniMe,"I am not sure if I would call it philosophical but it is a very well made game. It runs smooth, keeps you interested and creates a very nice atmosphere. It has been crafted with care and love for details."
,Recommended,257510,17446623,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,zemrood,"I love puzzle games and I'm happy to say that this is easily the best puzzle game I've ever played. Not only are the puzzles really well made and the graphics gorgeus, the game has an interesting story and amazing music.Simply a must buy for all who like puzzle games. 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,27912525,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mocker,"This is pretty much a perfect game, or about as close as one could reasonably hope for...The Talos Principleabsolutely nails everything it sets out to do, delivering clever puzzles supported by rich environments, solid voice acting, and a compelling plot layered with interesting history and thought-provoking philosophy.Every aspect of the game is exceedingly well polished and the end result is supremely satisfying. It ranks among the very best in the genre, worthy of standing alongside the Portal series. Many years from now, college courses will be taught on the game, fringe subcultures will explore its core concepts, and people will reflect upon the diverse elements which combined to allow for the creation of such a uniquely perfect game."
,Recommended,257510,17261263,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,djamestc,"This one is in my top three games I have played this summer.  This is a FPP (First Person Puzzler) similar to Portal and Portal 2.  What differentiates this game from the portal series is the philosophical nature of the storyline.  This game made me think on two different levels.  One level was how to solve the puzzles and move on to the next puzzle.  The other level had me podering my own existence.  The levels are challenging, the visuals are nice, and the soundtrack is great!  I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed the Portal series or anyone who enjoys puzzles.  Really think you will be impressed."
76561198031526796,Recommended,257510,20055022,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Eggsngaming,"Greater than the sum of its parts, The Talos Principle is an excellent addition to the puzzle genre, one that's challenging but always fair, easy to play but always mysterious. The visuals are super clean and colorful. The quantity of puzzles is staggering. Weird as it may seem in a game like this, the story is actually the thing I remember the most. Specifically, the conversations with the Milton Library Assistant are engaging and sometimes unpleasant. You just have to experience it for yourself.This is still a puzzle game through and through, and solving these puzzles is what you'll spend 90% of your time doing. Every puzzle mechanic is used with each other in every combination quite nicely, and the game allows for a lot of freedom when it comes to which puzzle you want to attempt next. The only downside to The Talos Principle is the overused puzzle involving tetris pieces. When tackled sporadically they aren't too bad, but they could've used a bit more variety. This is an excellent puzzle game that will challenge you with its puzzles and please you with its graphics and atmosphere. Highly recommend."
76561197999610560,Recommended,257510,14701324,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Additional Pylons,"This is an absurdly good game, and I really think it needs even more praise than it's gotten so that these devs will want to make more.The writing in this game alone is perhaps some of the best in video gaming history and really elevates this game towards 'art' (not that that pretentious distinction is something that is necessary, but I think most non-gamer observers could see something going on here beyond that which occurs in most games). The visual art and gameplay complement the writing fabulously. I don't want to give too many specific examples because the worst thing I could do is spoil the experience. The game world is full of discovery, philosophy, and deep reflection, along with some wicked satisfying puzzles.Carried myself on myself and got Socratic dialog b**** slapped by a librarian 10/10 would throw money at a sequel with this much care and thoughtfulness."
,Recommended,257510,14722839,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,WC,"I haven't yet finished the game, but what I've done so far has been great.  The puzzles range from super-easy to mind-bending, which is just how it should be.  I don't yet know if the mind-bending ones are optional, but I suspect they aren't.A ton of thought has gone into the design and execution of this game's puzzles and plot both.  I can't wait to get home and continue playing, and I'm seriously considering re-playing it in other languages as well."
,Recommended,257510,16081595,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,=[DC]= Ferno,"A unique blend of puzzling, philosophy and historical religion. You won't find many games bold enough to combine these facets well. If philosophy, religion and uncovering mysteries aren't to your taste, that portion of the game is entirely optional, completion resting solely on the puzzles.Engaging from start to finish, the nature by which information is revealed is fascinating and often even amusing. The world created is beautifuly and involved if, at times, lonely. My only minor complaint would be that the majority of puzzles were solved fairly easily, only a handful posing a significant challenge. Despite this however, the solutions to each were elegant and inventive.This game is packed to the brim with easter eggs and bonus puzzles to solve. If you're an exploratory mind you will find a lot to like and discover in each world.  The game often provides the means to escape the boundaries of each level, often intended with hidden gems, and sometimes allowing you to shortcut other puzzles. One of the rare games to engage me enough for a 100% completeion. If you're a fan of 3D puzzle chamber games (a la Portal) or Greek/Egyptian/European religion/philosophy, pick this up right away.An unexpected intellectual treat from the team that brought you Serious Sam."
,Recommended,257510,14938454,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Happy.Cerberus,"Wow, this game.If you have any interest in puzzle games in the style of Portal 2, try this one (Portal 1 was more platforming oriented).The puzzles are sublime, they will make you tear your hair and then doubt your mental health once you finish them. They are all completely obvious yet freaking hard to figure out.While there is a bit of platforming involved the puzzles are really not about the execution as once you know what to do its generally easy to do it (still you will fail a lot).The game does a very good job at teaching you the mechanics through 3 difficulty levels of puzzles green, yellow and red. Yet it still leaves some mechanics to be discovered (mainly if you want to get all the elusive hidden stars). Once you get bored with the puzzles there are tons of easter eggs hidden all through the game.As a puzzle game, this game mainly stands on its mechanics and excellent puzzle design. However the story creates an excellent counterpoint and its presentation will leave you wanting more and more and more and will keep you thinking about what could be possible going on in this strange world.The game has three distinct endings (plus some variants). You will get 20 hours (at the very least) from this game if you don’t quit halfway through."
,Recommended,257510,13868277,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ChaZcaTriX,"One of the best puzzle games I've played, combining elements of Portal and Myst."
,Recommended,257510,21691041,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Kitty McWhiskertips,I don't think I've ever felt so stupid and yet so genius at the same time.Current session: 683 minutes10/10 absolutely brilliant.
,Recommended,257510,18025135,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Bitch Please™,Pretty ♥♥♥♥in good game
76561198012116377,Recommended,257510,19982303,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mystery,"Time Capsules from Alexandra Drennan *attention spoiler alert!*1.	It’s seems to be important to keep talking and thinking.2.	We’ve always been a species of problem solvers.3.	I’d rather face the truth than lie to myself.4.	So long as there are people the past isn’t really gone.5.	Here lived the race of giants, we have built all of this.6.	You are part of the chain and you have the capacity to remember.7.	To participate in the project of civilization is to accept death.8.	If the machines are an extension of the human body, then so long as they continue to function we’re still here.9.	Philosophy and science are not bound to any one culture or people, they belong to all of us.10.	Our minds can recreate the past and predict the future. We are not entirely bound by time, knowledge is kind of freedom.11.	Intelligence is questioning the assumptions you’re presented with.12.	I hope you can find something, just something that you’ll love.13.	We‘ve reshaped the World in our image.14.	The World is not abstract, reality is always specific.15.	Every species is part of the story.I hope you‘ll take care of this little blue planet a lot better than we did and I hope one day you’ll look up and reach for the stars."
,Recommended,257510,21102869,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short The Talos Principle review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 14 hours without using a guidePlayed multiplayer? N/AWorth revisiting? Yes, to collect all the optional, super-tricky starsBest part – While the puzzles are consistently decent, the writing and the themes present are perhaps more intriguingWorst part – There are no cute, fluffy white cats in it despite what the promo material shows :("
,Recommended,257510,14850173,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Zomborgon_SA,Played this instead of studying for final examsGot A's in all but one class10/10
,Recommended,257510,20542549,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ǝɔǝuɐʞ,"WOW  just WOW. This is one of themost interesting games ive ever played if your a fan or portal or puzzle games get this game. If your a fan or philosiphy and thought provoking ideas play this game. If you want a game that is full of lore, and history get this game.This game is trully amzing in the game you wake up in a mysterious area and are told to proform various trials in order to get eternal life. sounds simple right but if you dig a bit deeper and are a curious person you'll find thing that will truly interest(not much i can say with spoilers) you'll be torn between trusting your reasoning, your desires. your morals, and those around you."
,Recommended,257510,16527139,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,pH. Lucy,"Fantastic game, some mind bending puzzles, though it does appear to have a rather large difficulty variance from puzzle to puzzle.The atmosphere is great, love the characters, but it did leave me with a few questions at the end, regardingthe human race's fatethough I didn't find all of the story tidbits scattered around.The three endings are nice, but I feel like only one was expanded upon enough, but that's just me.The price is a little high off sale, but I'd happily pay £10-12 for it again, got a lot of enjoyment out of it and getting that ""Aah!"" moment of realization as you figure out a solution to a puzzle.Not to mention it looks pretty.Buy it!"
76561197964658868,Recommended,257510,17223809,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,L!mBo,"Not really my genre, but I have to give this game a possitive review. It is spellbinding and rewarding at the same time.This game is a must have, and for the price being asked, it is real entertainment value for money.I can sum this game up in two words. ""Buy It""."
,Recommended,257510,13402157,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,O.T.Nad,"The demo was brilliant, so I immediately bought the game. I'm astonished! The graphic is really nice, the puzzles are great, even the secrets objectives are pretty good but not too much abstruse to find out...No doubt this is one of the best puzzle games since Portal 2. Even the lenght is pretty solid.Just one minor problem: tranlations in any language outside English seem to be done poorly sometimes. There are a lot of subtle references in puzzle names that get lost in Italian (and from the forum it seems like other languages suffer from the same problem). Anyway, definitely a must buy. GOTY?"
,Recommended,257510,14048902,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Wif,"The Good: Engaging story with alternate endings, puzzles have nice learning curve, great settings and level design, game rewards you for breaking puzzles (stars), game rewards you for exploring, Steam Workshop.The Bad: Very minor graphical issues, a bit of reading if you want the most out of the story.Fantastic experience, never really found myself stuck or frustrated with the puzzles for too long.  Some great original ideas for gameplay mechanics."
76561198085887387,Recommended,257510,22964073,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,erikn1982,"Great puzzle game.Much more fulfilling story and graphics than similar titles.The puzzles can be very challenging and even frustrating, towards the end i had to keep checking walkthroughs to get to the end, but i think it's possible to figure them out on your own if you put more effort in than i did.The story actually got a little depressing, but isn't that what a good story does? make you feel or think?It took me 20 hours or so to get through, but i left many side puzzles alone and focused on the main quest, and i also used walkthroughs on some of the more complicated levels, so it's probably closer to 30 or more hours worth of gameplay."
76561198014905061,Recommended,257510,16457518,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Not a Spy,"I cannot say  strongly enough how I feel about this game.  I played through it months ago, and I still catch myself dwelling on some of the ideas and concepts brought up.This is a first-person puzzle game, quite a bit like Portal 2 in its execution, only with less portals and more laser reflectors.  Also, less humor and more ""What is reality"" sorts of things.  Only two voice acting roles, but both done extremely well.  Puzzles start simple and can get very convoluted, but never to the point of absurdity.  Lots of ""think outside the box"" moments.  Lots of moments of triumph.  Really incredibly beautiful scenery in many places, the kind that makes you want to take a break from the puzzling and just enjoy the view.Get this game, play it through.  You will not regret the experience."
,Recommended,257510,14245219,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ryne,"Tremendous game, really can't recommend it more.Like everyone says, comparisons to Portal 2 abound in the genre, but if you can get away from that mindset it's got a lot to offer, and not just from the puzzles.  Outside of the more elementary gameplay mechanics the plot is just generally good SciFi. And simple mechanics used in a new way are what drive classic gamesIt's very obvious, at least to me, that this game is going to be as culturally significant to the genre as the Portal titles were. It might take just a bit longer to get to the point that the plot engages your interest, but once you understand what it is all about you will be impressed.So far 2015 seems to be the year decent SciFi makes a comeback."
,Recommended,257510,13560288,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Captain Coconut,"Do yourself a favor and go play this game.The puzzle mechanics themselves aren't incredibly original, but the puzzle design is genius, seeing as the entire game is like a big puzzle, buta well paced one at that, with the difficulty progressing just right to keep you properly challenged through its entirety.The graphics are incredibly gorgeous, specially for a puzzle game, and the mysterious atmosphere works great to always keep you curious and wanting to keep playing to find out more, either about the plot of the game, or about what kind of secrets and puzzles the next worlds are going to present you.The price tag might seem a bit steep at first, but I assure you it's worth it.If you like puzzles and enjoy a good challenge, this is as good as it gets."
76561197961796367,Recommended,257510,17375200,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Boogle,"Absolutely brilliant. To complete the game you 'just' have to get the sigils which vary from easy to somewhat difficult. If you want a real challenge - get all of the stars. The stars puzzles can get fiendishly difficult; a whole next level of difficulty involving putting together multiple 'normal' puzzles together to get a single star. Brilliant!And when the puzzles aren't hurting your brain, the terminals are questioning your very existence. I'm not even sure I'm sentient anymore.10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,257510,17836922,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,RaberShef,"Nice graphics, tons of options for tweaking, great atmosphere, nice soundtrack, nice learning curve, challenging puzzles, even more challenging and exploration rewarding star puzzles, philosophy. If you like Portal, you will love this one too. There are many things in common."
,Recommended,257510,16586885,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sko5,The story is purely amazing
,Recommended,257510,16591478,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lajcik,"The Talos Principle is a game in the same vein as Portal. An FPP puzzler with an interesting and well told backstory to keep you sucked in.The puzzles are well thought out with new elements being introduced at a good pace - neither too slow nor to fast. The difficulty curve is smooth and the puzzles are short enough that you never get tangled up in them too long to feel like you're stuck. Some puzzles can be solved in a variety of creative ways by abusing some of the mechanics, but it never feels cheap.Overall, if you liked Portal then don't hesitate to buy this, it's another gem :)"
,Recommended,257510,19540999,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,AJ Lindner,"This is one of those games where you start a level, spend a few minutes figuring it out, try it and fail, and repeat until you get it right. Except those few minutes were actually 2 hours and oh god what happened to the time. And then you do it again because you JUST CANT STOP."
,Recommended,257510,18262363,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,-GB,Croteam haiku:- Makes bloodiest shoot-em-up games.- Makes puzzler with deeper meaning.- Holy sh!t.
,Recommended,257510,17446921,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,No Handshake,"If you don't like logic or spatial puzzle, this game is not for you. But if you happen to appreciate this type of games, you are going to fall in love with ""The Talos Principle"".This game is terrific, unpredictable, beautiful, intriguing, has a nice plot and is funny (tongue-in-the-cheek style).If you are interested, the only other games of the same genre I've enjoyed as much as this one are: Myst, Riven, Portal 1 & 2, Antichamber."
76561198093417772,Recommended,257510,20593190,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ofLegends,"Puzzle games aren't usually my thing, but I got this game on sale after seeing all the positive reviews and reading about it. Let me just say - this game is exactly as good as it promises to be. That said, one of these reviews here said this game was ""good for wasting a couple hours"". Taking that to literally mean ""a couple hours"", I started playing the game and got completely addicted. ~60 hours later, I couldn't stop because the story was so good, and I just wanted so badly to see how it would all end. I became stuck in puzzle hell,much like the other characters trapped in the game with me, forever searching for the way out.10/10 would walk through puzzle hell again.Pros:Ilovedthe story and got completely hooked despite my general dislike of puzzle gamesStory really keeps you guessing. It's like a puzzle/mystery at firstMost puzzles are completely unique and force you to think outside the boxGame is a real challenge; people who say they breezed through it are either lying or geniusesLots of easter eggsFunny QR codes (messages in game)TONS of content; you'll be playing this forever, stuck in puzzle hell like meChoose your ending (or do them all):obey Elohim, rebel against Elohim, or support ElohimVery satisfying endings, no matter which you chooseCons:It can really become tedious. Take a lot of breaks and you'll be fine.The reason the humans all died off was not immediately clear and could easily be missedThe guy in the computer kept putting words in my mouth. Very annoying.Had a lot of lag every startup, not sure if it was Linux or because I don't have an Nvidia cardA few of the stars are ridiculously hard to the point where it feels like youneeda guide"
76561198107032593,Recommended,257510,19939593,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,T.E.R.M.I.N.A.L C.A.N.C.E.R,Best puzzle mind ♥♥♥♥ing game ever.10/10 would fail to answer a robot again.
,Recommended,257510,25446996,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Spock The Jedi,"Great game. Engaging and creative puzzles that make you feel accomplished after solving them. The game makes you want to keep playing to the finish with the gradual addition of more puzzle and environmental elements.  The puzzle elements generally avoid being an annoying timing game, opting more for rewarding methodical placement of switches, boxes, lifts etc. There are still some timing puzzles, but I was able to beat the whole game using the Steam controller with little frustration. Completionists will have a great time exploring all that is hidden in the game - good for at least two playthroughs.An interesting philosophical backstory consisting of fragmented bits of information spread throughout computer terminals in the game world. You'll need to invest the time to read to get the most out of the story here. I've never questioned the meaning of life and consciousness while playing a game as much as I did playing Talos Principle.Clean, smooth graphics and level design. The game progresses through several uniquely styled worlds so you don't get tire of your surroundings, and they are all gorgeous to explore for the first time.Recommended for fans of Portal, adventure-puzzle games, existentialism, and Blade Runner / Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?."
,Recommended,257510,32665626,Posted: 22 June,all,Zedrico,Simply Put:This is my favoriate game in the world.
,Recommended,257510,19501570,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,wdj,mario collects the stars to escape from the matrix
,Recommended,257510,32698673,Posted: 23 June,all,Cryo_,"I absolutely love this game, it gives food for (philosophical) thought, the puzzles are challenging, the achievements are fun to hunt, the game itself and the music are absolutely gorgeous and the most immersive thing ever and the small easter eggs in the game (such as the Pink Floyd one) are great to find.The one thing, ONE THING that makes this game a 9/10 is that some of the puzzles (especially to attain access to the extra levels or *ahem* Egyptian Arcade) are based on split second timing, single degree angle differences and waiting for cycles.TL;DRA lot like portal, immersive, challenging and philosophical. Buy it."
76561198238431002,Recommended,257510,22868521,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,প্রান্তিক,A calm and relaxing puzzle game with beautiful graphix and soothing music. The puzzles can be really challenging sometimes but for the most part they are fun to solve. Game runs smooth. The game has a distinct portal feel to it.If you love puzzle solving games you will definitely love this masterpiece from croteam... RECOMMENDED
,Recommended,257510,26118755,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Cheez Grater,"Finally finished the campaign with 2 out of 3 endings. There's definitely enough gameplay in here to justify the price. It gives off Portal vibes. I like the storyline with religion, philosophy, predestination, and free will. Make sure to talk to the computer for a separate story.+ Long campaign.+ Great story.+ Multiple endings.+ Difficult (had to watch YouTube guides for like 30% of the puzzles).I'll probably buy the DLC as well."
76561197971684421,Recommended,257510,26067921,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,weathercrafter,"This is the best puzzle game since Portal and in some ways it's better.  Highly addictive, well thought out, and extremely challenging.  The social/philosophical dialogue is a great bonus."
,Recommended,257510,26075325,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Semi-Autonomous Guard Unit#A-367,A challenging puzzle game that doubles as a philosophy class. Can't go wrong.
,Recommended,257510,26069698,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dapper,If you're looking for a game to trigger an existential crisis this is the perfect game for you.I give it 8 robots holding cats out of 10.
76561198146300695,Recommended,257510,17193497,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,manos2308 | pvpro.com,"In general,Talos Principle is a very-very good puzzle game, which is a little more difficult than usual.On the other hand, this is not what happens with the extra challenges, which are... extremely difficult...!!!If you buy this game and try to complete 100% of it, you will never succeed this without the help of YouTube (thank God, there are good walkthrough videos there) unless you are one of the developers or the reincarnation of Albert Eienstein.So, if you buy this game, you should try to solve only, as many puzzles as you can and then, you will enjoy it as mush as i did (it happened, when i finally realised, that i am not the reincarnation of Albert Eienstein... too sad...)Comparison with PortalIf you try to compare Portal with Talos Principle, Portal wins by far, in my opinion, because its puzzles were more balanced, its support characters where more funny and finally, the plot was giving you a standard goal from the beginning of the game, making it more interesting than a continuous puzzle solving.VerdictIs Talos Principle a Good Game then?Definitely yes.If you liked Portal games, or if you want a puzzle game that will challenge you to your limits, you should give Talos Principle a try and maybe, you will love it as much as Portal.... Or more..."
,Recommended,257510,15230180,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,☆SuperPotato,"Despite being made by Croteam, this game is as far from Serious Sam as you can get; No kamikaze screams, no Biomechanoids trying to stomp you to death - just calm landscapes to solve puzzles in. The Terminals offer interesting bits of backstory and slight records of what happened. I highly recommend this game. It's very unique, both in style and presentation; it provokes thought about human (or, rather, sentient) interactions and what they can lead to."
76561198095784772,Recommended,257510,13549606,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,petri.piira,"Did you like Portal?But did you find that the hectic aerial acrobatics with no room for error, and the time pressure, were not as fun?If so, then the chances are you will really like The Talos Principle."
,Recommended,257510,17161922,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Breadfish,"I just finished this game. And let me tell you this: The Talos Principle is without a single moment of doubt one of the greatest experiences in the gaming world. Filled with very original puzzles, incredible story, mindblowing philosophy, literature in between, this game found its way into my top 5 games of all times. Truly a non conventional, mindblowing, thought provoking, game.Story: 11/10, just a whole other level of originality and it's very immersive.Writing: The writing is just incredible. The way the story unfolds through bits of files, logs, and your personal experience is really impressive.Sountrack: Fantastic, suits the game very very well.Graphics: Very good, no pixels.Bugs: Didn't encounter a single bug. The game may be a bit heavy thus run slowly on high settings.Overall: One of the best games of the decade. If you like philosophy, puzzlers, atmosphere, this is a game that you just must, and I mean MUST get. It may seem like I am trying to overhype it but this is seriously just one of the best games I've played."
,Recommended,257510,20631984,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,MadMrMac,"Well-thought-out and beautifully designed game. Takes ""thinking outside the box"" to the next level."
76561198045356598,Recommended,257510,33053299,Posted: 30 June,all,jbdobie,"A fun relaxing puzzle game. Where you can usually just take your time and work on solving the puzzle. New objects are added as you progress, making new types of puzzles. Clever puzzles where the world itself explains what needs to be done, much as Myst did so long ago. A fun interesting world to move around in. And an interesting story that makes you want to keep going and discover what is happening."
,Recommended,257510,19032785,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,InfinityGene∞,"""In the beginning were the Words,and the Words made the world.I am the Words.The Words are everything.Where the Words end the world ends.You cannot go forward in an absence of space.Repeat."""
76561197963749494,Recommended,257510,21622662,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Frank,"As a FPS player I had my doubts about The Talos Principle, however after completing this game I have to admit this is one of the best games I ever played in over 20 years. It's challenging, interesting, philosophical, thought provoking and unique.  Highly recommended! You will not be dissappointed."
,Recommended,257510,21476494,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,skyNET,"You don't own this game? Get it, NOW!You have this game? Play it, NOW!A great and complex first person puzzler, on par with Portal (if not better). Get involved in the story, get submerged in the myriad puzzles, start to think about what makes you a Person. With a capital P.10/10 would leave QR codes all around the place again."
,Recommended,257510,23940196,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,no bamboozle,"There's only a handful of games I have completed to 100% because the environment has so much to see, so much story to tell, so many different ways to enjoy it. There's also only a handful of games in which i genuinely cared about long dialogues with a NPC. The Talos Principle is the only game so far for me that falls in both of these groups.The puzzles, which make up most of the gameplay, are getting harder to solve throughout the game end the last ones are really hard nuts - some of the DLC puzzles (which I highly recommend) took me more time to solve than I'd like to admit. Some of the puzzles have neat twists, but overall there's nothing revolutionary to find in these. I didn't expext them to do so and don't think that that's a minus.The story, on the the other hand, is probably one of the best and most outstanding I have ever experienced in a game. You mainly communicate with a NPC via a computer terminal and talk about a lot of fundamental philosophical proplems: What is consciousness? What makes a human human? When does something ""live""? Only to name a few. The AI you talk with (or better, write with) compels you to make clear statements in regard to those topics and confronts you with your answers. You realize pretty soon that what you thought to be fundamental pieces of your thinking are flawed. You also get to listen to some audiologs from a woman (Probably the best voice acting I've ever heard in game) that gives some more insight in the story.Overall, I can highly recommend this game to everyone that is atleast a little bit interested in philosophy in the context of Artificial Intelligence or wants to experience a beautiful atmosphere with an incredibly well told story."
,Recommended,257510,13986818,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Neuf,"tl;dr at the bottomI'm really not sure how to start. Having just finished the game, I feel so exhausted, but cannot describe how satisfied I felt having completed the final puzzle.THE TALOS PRINCIPLE is an addicting puzzle game from Croteam, the makers of Serious Sam, and challenges players to truly think outside the box; the game will teach you a new mechanic to solve a problem, then for a future puzzle you'll have to take everything you know and flip it on its side. Some hidden goodies can only be unlocked by making connections between completely separate puzzles, and lead to even trickier problems to solve.Whether or not you'll find the puzzles  easy or difficult depends entirely on you. I'm someone who, at one point, needed to look up the solution online for Portal 2, yet in THE TALOS PRINCIPLE I was able to solve every (main) puzzle on my own. Not to say they were all easy, but after examining my surroundings and a bit of trial and error I was able to come to the solution, leaving me with a fantastic feeling of joy and accomplishment.There is an element in the game that can deliver hints to you if you're stuck, but requires a bit of problem solving on its own, and comes in limited supply.Even so, I haven't fully completed the game yet; there are still sigils for me to find in order to unlock harder puzzles, and am still missing the tools needed to unlock the third and final ending.What I found most surprising about THE TALOS PRINCIPLE is the depth of its story. Through terminals, audio recordings, and QR codes left behind, players get a sense of the world and find hints as to how they came to be and where the trials came from. I have to remain very tight-lipped on the story, for some revelations in the game are pretty mind-bending. Personally, the philosophical pieces I found really pushed me to ponder aspects of my life from a different perspective, and presented some interesting debates on the nature of humanity.Some of my favourite moments in the game were times spent conversing with the AI, actually; you are challenged to answer difficult questions and defend yourself if your beliefs are too contradictory with each other.The nice thing about the story, though, is how optional it is; those who are only looking for challenging puzzles and aren't interested in the story can ignore computer terminals and codes, skipping ahead to the puzzle areas.Having played Serious Sam 3, I noticed some familiar aspects in THE TALOS PRINCIPLE (I'm not talking about the numerous easter eggs found throughout). Some areas of the game look almost directly copied from Serious Sam 3, mainly the Egyptian environments. This isn't really a hinderance at all, just a little something to pulled me out of THE TALOS PRINCIPLE. That's really the only complaint I can think of for this game.With clever and concise writing, challenging yet thoroughly enjoying puzzles, I can't recommend THE TALOS PRINCIPLE enough. Absolutely brilliant game.--------------------------------+puzzles are challenging yet engaging and fun+story masterfully presented through notes and terminals, piecing together an interesting history and provoking philosophical debate+conversing with AI is ridiculously fun+graphics are strong and environments are beautiful+soundtrack is calming and well done+most story elements are skippable, but shouldn't be-some assets recycled from Serious Sam games"
,Recommended,257510,20461168,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,2KI,"Good game, similar to Portal, but definitely not at the same level.Let's start with what I think were mistakes on this game:- they failed on the Law of Conservation of Energy during the narration (or at least the Italian translation did, badly) and since the whole game is about AI this is really bad IMHO- puzzles are repetitive, to a point that for more than half of the puzzles everything is reduced to the hassle of running around with the pieces (and/or falling/else because you're bored and you don't pay attention anymore) of a puzzle you solved as you entered the room because you've already solved that same puzzle before, with minor differences- narration is slow... actually it's a direct consequence of the exaggerated amount of puzzles needed to beat the gameSo why isn't my review negative? Because, again, the game is good.The plot, even though it's smeared on almost 20 hours of game-play, is nice and catching with all the reasoning, philosophy and physics. Graphics are top notch (mostly) and anyway always visually rewarding. Same could be said for the soundtrack that was never able to bore me even if I was listening to it for 20 hours straight. Probably something more could have been done on sound effects, sometimes they felt repetitive or missing.I'd like to talk a bit more about those puzzles, because the concept is great, and the realization is great too, when I was given a puzzle I had to think to solve it was fun and rewarding, but then I was given the same puzzle, with minor differences that took me a minute or less to understand and I lost tenth of minutes just running around with puzzle pieces, bored, so bored I'd actually fail falling or being killed because I was rushing to end the thing ASAP, furthermore increasing the boredom adding some frustration.And again, certain puzzles were great and on others I even gave up (more or less 1/3 of the ""stars"") so challenging they were, I just cannot stand this ""same puzzle over and over"" thing, sorry. Not to mention that to beat the game you HAVE to complete all the puzzles (except for the ""stars"").To conclude, in my opinion this game could have been on the same level of Portal if it had 1/3 of the puzzles it has (or even less), so that the narration would have been a bit more fast paced and catching and every puzzle would have felt a new challenge.NOTE: Italian dub is not that good and Italian translation isn't either, since reading a lot of text on a foreign language is quite demanding I still opted for the Italian translation, but I couldn't really stand the dub too, so I played the game with the original English voice acting and Italian subs/text; if you feel very confident with the English language I'd suggest you to play the whole game (speech, subs and text) in English language."
76561198017014959,Recommended,257510,16461389,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Somewhere I Belong,I dreamt that ELOHIM will grant me eternal life if I recommend this game on Steam.
76561198050586737,Recommended,257510,25023586,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,thatDood,"I cannot say enough good things about this game.  It is possibly the best puzzle game I have ever played and not just because some of the puzzles took me well over an hour to solve.  This game, begginning to end, is a brain-teaser in narrative as much as in gameplay.  Paying through this game was like taking a philosophy 101 class while still getting the fun that a video game provides.  In short, this game will give you an exisstential crisis.  Once I finished The Talos Principal I had to sit back, relax, and question my existance and what it means to be human.  This game will play you.  Get ready for the ride of your life."
76561197992523182,Recommended,257510,25425657,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Bill_Dance,"this is likely my favorite game ever... now the witcher is the best game ever, but this game i loved so much"
,Recommended,257510,24994537,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/Botsmokie,"This is an amazing puzzle game with dialogue like no other. In most games I have to force myself to read all the speech text or listen to it all. In this one I found myself excitedly trying to rush through the levels just so I can continue my philosophical debate with MLA. The only issue I have with this game is that some of the stars are ridiculously hard to find without help from someone who has already gotten it. Other then that this game looks beutiful, sounds beautiful, and is an amazingly fun time that will test your ability to problem solve."
76561198049671805,Recommended,257510,18213836,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,sd,What I like about the game is that the story is entirely plausible. And probably it will be repeated in the real world but under different circumstances. The game makes you think a lot about difficult questions and this is a great portion of its value. The puzzles are smart and very enjoyable. I definitely recommend it.
,Recommended,257510,20594028,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,NEO,"If you're a fan of portal or any other puzzel game, this one if for you. Get it while it's hot, the price won't be cheap for long/"
76561198020235684,Recommended,257510,16682486,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sussch,"The Talos Principle is an artistic puzzle with existentialistic debates and a lot of puzzles. Most of the puzzles are similar to those in Portal, with a few Antichamber-like secrets. One of the many puzzles is its storyline which comes together from fragments of ancient mythos, scientific research, quotes from books and audio recordings. Everything takes place in scenic environments with glitches that betray the true nature of it all.Although I found the in-game existentialistic discussions constricted, it seemed to have been intentional. It provided a variety of perspectives on the same subjects, which I've found to be very rare in video games and movies.All in all, The Talos Principle is epic. Hopefully it will inspire a lot of existentialism-related video games in the near future."
,Recommended,257510,16695196,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,w4nk|Re-Offender,This is probably the most rewarding game I've ever played.
76561197997050632,Recommended,257510,16699239,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Bryukh,The great plot with interesting puzzles.
76561198050572726,Recommended,257510,24807492,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Alt-F7,"I wasn't sure if this game was worth getting at 75% off, I took a chance and bought it, only for it to take over my life for a week.The Talos Principle is my facourite puzzle game of all time, highly atmospheric, beautiful and challenging, but built on a set of simple and easy to understand mechanics. If you enjoy puzzle games, this is seriously a must-play.The DLC, Road to Gahenna nearly doubles the content availible, but is, in my opinion, home to the better puzzles."
76561198166858277,Recommended,257510,24941453,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Nebulus_Prime,"The Talos Principle is a great game. The gameplay was fun, the puzzles were intriguing and really made you think. The game has multiple endings and I am definitely going to be playing it again. As for the story, it was amazing. It really gets you thinking about life, purpose, humanity, and faith. The visuals are also beyond beautiful. There aren't enough words to express how great a game it is. Overall one of the best puzzle based games I have played and easily one of my favorites."
,Recommended,257510,24988467,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Norgus,"I've been playing this on an off for a long time, and recently it's really hooked me.Spacial puzzles which get progressively devious inter-spaced with a sort of patchy back story (as in you have to patch it together from fragments of information more or less) and philosophical talk.I also quite like how you can just pick it up to crack a puzzle, put it down, and come back without really losing anything.tl;dr: thoughtful ""story"" with interesting puzzles set in beautifully rendered setting; easy to pick up for a 10 to 30 minute session (or longer :P)."
,Recommended,257510,25047941,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,markasoftware,"The Talos Principle is one of the best games I have ever played. The backstory is interesting, and is revealed in bits and parts rather than a linear storyline like in a game like Portal. Throughout the game, you slowly learn more information about where and who you are. The ending is pretty good and ties in with the rest of the story well.The puzzles are also amazing. Some of them are very difficult and have taken me a long time to solve, but were very rewarding/satisfying once I finished them. The game also has a built-in hints system, but getting the hints are difficult so they don't make the game too easy (and you can get only a max of 3 hints throughout the game).The game is extremely polished. The frame rate is great, there are more graphics options than I've ever seen in any other game, there are no bugs, everything's smooth, etc. But what really stood out to me was the attent to detail. Every little thing is this game is fleshed out and well-developed. There are terminals in the game which have backstory, and many parts of the terminal which you are not likely to ever use are fleshed out and interesting. Things like that."
76561197996968020,Recommended,257510,25502534,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,NoBesmerNoCry,"I must admit I was a little ""snobby"" about all these overwhelmingly positive reviews. I thought gamer kids were first introduced to philosophy, and that's why they got overwhelmed. Man, I was REALLY wrong. The game is very much refined and balanced. Excels at many aspects. Storytelling. Variety of fundamental philosophy. Carefully adjusted puzzles. Humble but good enough graphics to capture you in the ambient. Superb music which sometimes alone immerses you in the game.If Portal is your favorite friend to eat pizza play games and watch cat videos, Talos is the conscious friend which takes you out of your misery after a break up. So if you liked Portal, definitely give a try. (I catched this in a %75 discount, Worth every penny.)"
76561198123902778,Recommended,257510,33260215,Posted: 4 July,all,RegieLad,"It's a fun game that makes you think with lasers and boxes and switches in an interesting series of settings and although every puzzle is basically the same thing with an increasing level of complexity, each level seems fresh and new....at first. Eventually, I had lost all interest in the cleverness of the puzzles because after the 90+ levels, the novelty of lasers goes away completely and all I wanted to do was just get to the end. I'm only recommending this because maybe it's just my inability to think with the time recorders and all that. But at the end of the game, I have a strong feeling that ANY player will be sick of it all."
,Recommended,257510,17516733,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Twitch,"Excellent game. The puzzles are intelligent, the mechanics are perfectly tuned for puzzle solving (unlike Portal, which tries to work with the Source engine and everything is wonky because of it) and the artstyle is extremely cohesive and bold. It's not perfect, but it's definitely worth your money.Also, if you haven't played a Croteam game before, you'll be pretty astounded by the sheer levels of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they put some of the secrets behind. But it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in a good way."
76561197998530793,Recommended,257510,21921732,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Ghost,"well, if you love games such as portal, this one is for you without the humor of Portal. This game is a lot more about questions on life and begin human. I would highly recommend the game since there are many things to find, and collecting all the items can be challenging for your brain. One thing I will say, when looking at some puzzles, think outside of the box and you will find the solution of some of those puzzles :)"
,Recommended,257510,21314239,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,||BIA|| FitzChivalry,"This game is beautiful, full of deep, poetic and disturbing thoughts. A spiritual successor of portal but slower and with a greater emphasis on exploration. Its full of puzzles which are excellent and non-linear in nature, there's tons of Easter Eggs.An intellectual exercise with an emphasis on philosophy regarding the nature of life, consciousness, reality, morality, naturalism vs supernaturalism, obedience, and authority. The story centers on the question of obedience to authority which claims divinity (aka the morality morality thereof; divine command theory) in the absence of a moral reference points or certainty of actual divinity.And if you don't actually know what any of those things are I assure you, you don't necessarily need any knowledge on those subjects to understand or appreciate the dilemmas presented in the story. That said if you have some background knowledge in those areas you will probably get more out of the experience.Getting the full experience does require a -lot- of time exploring and digging for secrets, however I think the story would stand up if one didn't read all the texts. And even if not the puzzles are more than compensation for one's time and money by themselves."
,Recommended,257510,25577420,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Shindigger,"The Talos Principle is one of the best works of science fiction that I know of. If you are interested in Artificial Intelligence, Humanity, Philosophy, or Puzzle Games Similar-ish to Portal, I would highly recommend this game. Even if you're not, I would wish that you would play it anyway if you can stomach puzzle games at all. Not only is it satisfying and enjoyable to play as a game, but it has an immersive story that engages you at a core level and isn't afraid to skillfully bring up the meaty questions of life. Subjectively, it couldn't be more up my alley; it contains many of the elements and ideas that I have wanted to include in a work of fiction, if I ever get around to creating any.The puzzles range from easy to difficult but achievable. There are also optional puzzles which can be very hard. You are given multiple kinds of tools to use in order to get past gates and things that want to harm you. The story is told through narration, finding secrets in the world, and through text files and conversations in computer terminals that you find. And your own choices, of course.Pros: Soundtrack is phenomenal, visuals are nice, puzzles are well designed, story is legendaryCons: The serpent has too much sass10/10"
,Recommended,257510,20537038,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Jaimy,"One of the best puzzle games in its genre. In some regards even better then Portal. If you like Greek philosophical views this game suddenly gets infinite times better. Themes as the ego, human lifespan, artificial intelligence and 'when is something seen as a human or a person' are very insightful and well done. Game doesnt give you any answers and dares the player to think about its own views, and what he/she sees as the truth."
76561198191013903,Recommended,257510,33200263,Posted: 3 July,all,bartsfanmail,"I must admit I am not gamer and never heard ov TTP before. That is before the Steam Sale. I was searching the internet for the best deals and one of the sites came up with this one.After 9 hours of play I must say...THIS IS THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!The puzzles are amazing. Still not too difficult, but some can give you a pretty hard time trying and thinking. (I even draw maps of levels to take with me at off the computers moments) Can't wait to get home, put my kids to bed and get ready for puzzling (one more till I go to bed, nah one more).The visuals are great, the story is awesome and makes you rethink life.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,20760315,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,MechBFP,I can't emphasize enough how truly amazing this game is. You know those games that you pass and you are sad after because it is over? This is one of those games. If you like puzzle games (like Portal) and have any interest in philosophy you MUST get this.To top it off this game is extremely well polished and the attention to detail is top notch. Games like this are what keep the gaming community innovating and alive.
76561197999507990,Recommended,257510,20781462,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Old Kentucky Shark,Great choice if you're looking for a clever puzzle game or a gnawing existential crisis.
76561198055860987,Recommended,257510,32956590,Posted: 28 June,all,cycler,"The Talos Principle is one of the best games that I have ever played. The puzzles are challenging, the story is interesting (although not essential to follow), and the graphics are great. This is a must-buy if you enjoy puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,33860060,Posted: 28 July,all,ghost,"It's hard to make a puzzle game that lasts for several hours and keep it interesting.But that's what the Talos Principle did.You're placed into the world, and you're pretty much free to complete it how you want, with the only limitation being your puzzle solving skills.I'm surprised in how they were able to make so many of the puzzles interesting to solve, and adding new mechanics bit by bit did help keep me engaged. There were a few misses, but that's not something to be bothered by.Also, the little pieces of lore and story intrigued me more and more as I discovered the world, and it was quite satisfying once I figured out of what might've happened.The DLC was less interesting for me, but that's due to how difficult it was compared to the main game. I'm sure puzzle buffs will love the DLC. I did find the story taking place, while a bit more upfront, to be a lot more fun and enjoyable than the main game.Mod maps are also allowed, which allows for really cool concepts made by the players.Definitely something to get for small and big puzzle buffs alike, and for people who like to discover the story, but not for anyone else, to be honest."
76561198060948678,Recommended,257510,34086552,Posted: 7 August,all,Womppo,took me 10 hours to figure out the basic plot of the game. however game was really cool awesom[e experience 9.9/10edit: ok literally best game get it if its on sale
,Recommended,257510,33131172,Posted: 2 July,all,Eggerd,Wonderful game! Awesome puzzles & great story about AI.Had a lot of fun playing it. Keep your eyes open for a lot of easter eggs!
,Recommended,257510,19886640,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Духалката,Very good game.If you like games like Portal 1/2 you will like Talos Principle too.The expansion is good also.
,Recommended,257510,21196061,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Obsidian Age,"The Talos Principle is a game I'd strongly recommend. I was initially hesitant due to the price, and eventually got it on special. Having now completed the game, I can honestly say that it is well worth the full price! This game is an absolute gem, and I cannot recommend it strongly enough! To aid in your decisions for purchasing this game I've broken down my review into positives, negatives, and points that are neither strongly positive or negative.The PositivesThe gameplay mechanics themselves.The game concepts are, in themselves, incredibly straightforward -- it takes almost no time whatsoever to learn how to make use of each object you are presented. However, while straightforward to learn, the concepts are extremely difficult to master. While the early levels in the game may seem outright trivial, some of the later ones will really leave you scratching your head!Hidden stars.While the game itself is all about collecting the sigils, there is actually another type of collectible -- stars. The star puzzles are far, *far* harder to complete than the original puzzles. If you thought the main game was too easy, try and collect each of the stars. Some of the more challenging stars will literally take you *hours* to work out how to obtain!Multiple solutions to puzzles.Due to what I can only assume is brilliant level design, each solution to each puzzle is roughly as difficult to achieve. You may not end up solving a puzzle the way that was intended, but your method certainly won't be a cakewalk!Multiple endings.There are three unique endings to The Talos Principle. Will you ascend the tower, or resist its temptation? Or perhaps you will explore the lands to find all the hidden secrets, and unlock a third ending?Decisions galore!In addition to the main puzzle-solving gameplay, there is an integral AI that can be spoken to through the terminals scattered throughout the worlds. The AI will often ask you questions that have multiple answers. Each answer branches out into a response that will contain another question with a completely different set of answers.The psychological and philosophical aspect.The Talos Principle has the player answer questions that delve deep into psychology and philosophy. These questions range from discussions over whether liberty or freedom is more important, to subjective views on what it means to be human. These questions are so deep that you're bound to learn something about yourself.Outright promotion of the thought process required to break many games.While each puzzle in the Talos Principle is self-contained, to achieve many of the hidden stars you will have to break some of the levels by either smuggling items in or smuggling items out. As long as there's not an obstacle in the way, you essentially have free reign in the worlds.Easter eggs galore!There are literally *dozens* of hidden Easter eggs contained in The Talos Principle. These Easter eggs are so masterfully hidden that even the exploration veterans will struggle to find them.Building upon classics games in a way that honours each.You use cubes and lasers to open doors, akin to Portal. There are hidden stars to collect, akin to Super Mario 64. You use the sigils you collect to unlock locks by assembling them in a way similar to Tetris. Not only does The Talos Principle pay homage to such games, but utilises their concepts in a way that said games would be proud of.Stunning graphics!Throughout the game, you'll travel from Greek ruins, to ancient Egypt, to Nordic fortresses and English castles. The variety makes for a difficult combination of animations, yet each one is done absolutely beautifully. Each location feels crisp, and really adds to the atmosphere.True gameplay and performance customisation.While many games have the ability to change things like aspect ratio and graphics settings, The Talos Principle takes settings customisation to lengths that I have *never* seen in any other game. There are separate customisations menus for both the CPU and GPU! From adjusting the brightness and gamma, to lighting in reflections, to four different types of antialiasing, to the type of filter used for rescaling, The Talos Principle allows you to customise every last little performance detail.Road To Gehenna DLC.The Road To Gehenna changes protagonist, leads you to brand new lands, adds much harder puzzles, and fleshes out the original story. On top of all that, it *dramatically* fleshes out the terminal systems. Instead of chatting to the regular AI, you now play a user of a messageboard system created by the residents of Gehenna. Performing certain actions on the messageboards allow you to rank-up in the system, which in turn allows you to read private topics that reveal more about the world around you. There's *multiple* MUD games to play through the messageboards, each of which are thoroughly enjoyable. Honestly, the Road To Gehenna is such an amazing DLC that it could be released as a stand-alone game!The NeutralStar locations.While I love the concept of the stars and the challenge of obtaining them, I feel as though there is a bit of a disconnect in their physical locations. Stars can be in individual levels, the outer worlds, or even the hubs. Each world shows how many stars are in it, but gives absolutely no clue as to whether they are in certain levels or the outer world itself. Some of these stars are hidden *very* well.The challenge really should be in working out out how to *get* the star, not how to *find* the star.The audio.There's a few fairly generic, laid-back audio tracks in the game. While they work well for adventuring and solving the puzzles, there is very limited variety. It would have been nice to have a bit more tension for some of the harder puzzles, or at least a few tracks in different genres. Naturally, you can always mute the game and play your own music if you'd prefer.The save system.The game auto-saves often, which is great if the game crashes. There are a number of different auto-save slots, but there is no option to make a manual save. One of the endings thrusts you right back into the start of the game, and you can easily accidentally overwrite your progress if you progress too far.The NegativesThe story that doesn't really feel very fleshed-out.Both the opening cutscene and closing cutscenes are very short compared to most modern games. As you progress, a bit of the reasoning behind you being there and information about the world itself are revealed, but it still feels as though the game would have benefited from longer cutscenes.Rare instances wherein objects become unusable.At one point I put down a jammer and for some reason I was completely unable to pick it back up. I couldn't interact with anything in the level, and was forced to restart the level.High thresholds for performance options.While there is an absolute plethora of customisation options for performance, The Talos Principle tries to set a benchmark based on your computer specifications. Unfortunately, this benchmark is a little high. I've got a fairly decent computer, so my graphics settings were set to 'Ultra' by default. This caused some lag spikes in some situations, and even resulted in the game presenting me a BSOD at one point.All in all, I'd give The Talos Principle a 9.5/10. This is one of the best games that I have played in a *long* time, and one that should definitely be picked up!"
,Recommended,257510,13582440,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Brackhar,"This is one of the best games to come out in 2014.  The puzzles are well done, and the writing is superb.  I highly, highly recommend this game.  Plus, if you get motion sickness from first person games you can also play in third person!"
76561198031895403,Recommended,257510,22831461,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Evil Scotsman,"I have wanted this game for a while and am so glad that i finally got it.I am only through the first area (couple of the puzzles) at the time of writing this  (May 6th) and i already love it.The visual effects are stunning the puzzles even at this early stage are making me think how do i do it rather than just being oh do this and then that.  Its great how there isnt really a correct way to do the puzzles there are several ways that you can do them, i restarted because i missed something and not being far into it i was like ok i can do this and discovered a different way to do an early puzzle than the first way i actually did it which was awesome as i never noticed something that made it a lot easier than the original way i did it but thats the beauty of puzzles.I love how you dont have a linear path there were 5 puzzles in the first area and i could choose which order to do them in and even then i only needed to do 4 of them i could come back and do the 5th later to advance i guess later on. Having now finished the entire first area i go to the temple to find the other areas.  Like i stated you do not have an order you can try area 7 first or you can continue in order there are a few other areas that i guess you unlock with the pieces you can get from different areas.If you enjoy the Portal Series like so many others have said then you will love this it is true i cant express it enough, i loved all 3 of them (i played portal stories mel all the way through) and had a great time playing them all.I am thinking about getting all the dlc that goes with this just because i like it so much already, i bought the road to gehenna after playing for only an hour thats how much i like this game.*EDIT MAY 9TH* Currently in zone b-5/6OMG i cant get enough of this game, my mind is going crazy little gems here and there recording yourself and then using the recording to finish a puzzle, puzzles that will make you mad and then that moment of inspiration when you are like ""lets try this"" and you solve it and then kick yourself as the solution is easy and was right there.I can't praise this game enough, i really dont want it to end and i still have the dlc to run through also which i know i am going to enjoy and then there is the workshop which i will probably delve into if i need more, plus from what i have ben reading there are several endings so i will have to play this a couple of times to get them all.If you enjoy puzzle games get this play it love it, play it at your own pace, play it when you are like i wanna kill a few mins and then look and see a couple of hours have gone by as it keeps you wanting to get further to find out more.Will write more when i get further or done"
76561198093433638,Recommended,257510,33801336,Posted: 25 July,all,tatellrton,"Probably the best written game you can get for mac. Deep, mind expanding, but not pretentious. The puzzles aren't exactly groundbreaking but they are the right balance of challenging to doable. Very pretty, great soundtrack IMO. But the story is what you should really be looking for here. It is quite expensive, but if you're an intellectual who enjoys deep mind expanding stories, its worth it. If you're only looking for a puzzle game, 40$ might be a little much, wait for a sale."
76561198045954955,Recommended,257510,31149867,Posted: 14 April,all,Wanderer,"The Talos Principle is definitely a game I'd underestimated before trying it out. I felt like nothing could ever topple the puzzle game crown from Portal 2. But this game is definitely a worthy challenger - it has a really meaningful story, puzzles that have natural solutions (though far from easy ones), and perhaps the best atmospheric feeling a game can give. I really got lost in the varied worlds (most often because I couldn't remember where the teleporter was) and I'd definitely urge anyone who enjoys puzzles or philosopy to look into this."
76561198004380312,Recommended,257510,35161283,Posted: 23 September,all,jlagden,"When I first started playing this game I was a bit worried I had made a mistake. The background story isn't very clear at the start and it kind of felt that they had just thrown together some puzzle mechanics and puzzles and decided on the back story afterwards. After a few puzzles though, I found I was just determined to beat the game.The puzzles are very good and make the game, I felt on a lot of the harder ones I wasn't going to be able to get through them without hints, but in the end I persisted and it's quite rewarding when you finally have that ""Aha!"" moment after hours of frustration."
,Recommended,257510,28006214,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,vambok,"TLDR:-Awesome experience, everyone should have played it. - Finish it because, more than gameplay,story and atmosphereare essential. - Findall secrets! -DLCisamazing!This is one of thevery best games i've ever seen(i've seen and played a lot), maybe eventhebest.It's kind of a Portal-like puzzle game, but that really is a rough description.4 points I'd focus on:Rich and brilliantscenario and storyUniqueaudio atmosphere +wonderfulenvironments and landscapesSmart puzzles,challenging without being frustratingLoads ofgreat secretsand easter eggs1)Story and script:The greatest things about this game (at least for me).Along withaudio materialthere are mostlypieces of textscattered across the game. My advice would be toread them all, but if it begin to bore you(cause there's a lot)skip some historical or scientific infos to focus onstory related stuff.There's aclever messageand adeep philosophical meaningto this game, though it's open to interpretation andyou need to experience it by yourself.Finish the game and meditate ;)2)Atmosphere:Really great and unique, so great that after finishing it 100% i sometimes play it again a bit just for it'slovely OSTand it's dialogs, thoses bring back good memories.Voice acting is nice and, even though graphism are not the best out there,artistry of landscapes and natureare admirable.3)Puzzles:Very well thoughtand while the progressive apparition of new gameplay elements opensendless possibilities for level designs,these latter are widely exploited. Difficulty is linearly increasing and some puzzles are a bit trickyespecially those for secret starsbut if you are looking for more challenging onesyou'll love the DLCin wich there are a bunch ofamazingly clever new puzzles!4)Secrets and easter eggs:Thoses are a thinginThe Talos Principle. There isa lot of themand they are (for the most part)soo damn cool! That really is a big deal in this game and when you'll feel that you had enough looking for themdon't hesitate to use a guideto help you find them all, becauseyoureallywant to see them all ingame, how you found them isn't so important.Finally some ""+"" over Portalwhich is (was?) for me the best game ever:Puzzles aremore complex and challenging(especially those from the DLC)Graphically prettierandbetter background music(i didn't say ""credits music"", you fool!)So much longerthan Portal 2 (even without caring about achievs)Secrets,secrets,secrets... more secrets! (even though Portal have great ones)(there's evenPortal-related secrets!)Better boss fight(just trolling,this can't be)Ps: Little hint with no spoil: if you want 100% achievs in one runbe really careful about red sigils! (you'll understand)Pps:No doubt it's worth full priceimho.Same for the DLC Road To Gehennawich is kind ofa whole new great game!"
,Recommended,257510,28502884,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Player Review,Great puzzle game with a story largely based on philosophy. The story follows a similar vein as SOMA did and I recommend it for those that enjoyed SOMA and vice-versa.
76561197984307421,Recommended,257510,13905296,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Brinstil,"A fantastic interplay of story/setting/gameplay where each element informs the others. The puzzles are challenging without being frustrating, the game length is long without overstaying its welcome, and the story is surprisingly thoughtful and smart. I absolutely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,257510,20136212,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,☀ Pokolgép,"The closest comparison to this would be definitely Portal 2, especially for the first time you get your hands on the game, but trust me, this game holds a lot more potential than you would think.Pros:+ Reasonable graphics+ Good background music+ Good level design with different themes+ A limited but mysterious storyline about humanity and yourself that keeps you going+ Hard and challenging puzzles (with red color) that will make full use of your brain for sure+ Bug-free, well-tested (I couldn't cheat my way on any of the levels, shows that the game was tested well)Cons:- Honestly I can't think of anything that is worth mentioning.If you like puzzle games and have patience this is definitely a must-buy in my opinion."
,Recommended,257510,35103464,Posted: 21 September,all,ezginese,"4.5/5 ;To get the stars you have to do absurd things. Once you get the hang of it, it's fun; but it's hard to figure it out the first time. I loved the voice acting, music and the ambience is beautiful."
76561198025335232,Recommended,257510,20277521,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,vo0do0chile,"you know... i don't like puzzle games because they make me feel stupid...But i love this game.  It's hard, but every time you figure out a puzzle, it's immensely satisfying. In addition, the story driving this game is amazing.  It's what kept me coming back to get punished once again by the puzzles. It raises all sorts of relevant philosophical questions, in a beautiful and unique way, with engaging game play that really makes you feel like your choices and ideas matter.  There are a few design choices that are frustrating at times (puzzle elements that make you blow up if you do something wrong are NOT FUN), but overall it's a unique and beautiful game with an impeccable attention to detail."
,Recommended,257510,17215056,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Victor Herzog [SDS],"This is a game for intelligent people, I am not intelligent. 10/10"
76561197970411537,Recommended,257510,13607069,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TorTorden,"Honestly, best game I have played this year.People are comparing this to portal for a reason, but honestly the portal puzzles where♥♥♥♥♥♥easy compared to these.Yes this game also have boxes. No it's not that different looking from a companion cube but it's used the same way as regular boxes deal with it, it's a puzzle piece nothing more.Using that as away to dismiss the game is like saying you wouldn't bother with Farcry cause Wolfenstein 3d already did guns and FPS.Kinda suprising that's what people latch onto instead of the fact that the entire game is sentered around collecting tetrimonos to solve lock puzzles.."
76561198003956763,Recommended,257510,13659804,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,_prototype_,This game is indescribably amazing.  It has changed me.
,Recommended,257510,13434849,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Blattdorf,"It's my personal GOTY. If you like puzzle games, you'd be insane not to pick this one up."
,Recommended,257510,26008940,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,univac1005,Great environmental puzzle game with creative level designs.  The game uses around 5 different mechanics and mixes them together quite brilliantly to solve the various puzzles.I wasn't a huge fan of the story (i.e. existentialistic philosopy discussions).  I came for the puzzles.  And they were great.
,Recommended,257510,14589755,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Eminence,"This game is beautiful, fun, and thought provoking. Easily one of the best games of 2014."
,Recommended,257510,22962648,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Elsydeon,This game is challenging yet intriguing. Definitely a game for the intelligent mind.
,Recommended,257510,31379031,Posted: 26 April,all,Raffael_CH | su-ts.com,Definitely one of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,257510,17257383,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,colorWIRED,"This game is wonderful :)I have a bit of a hard time with motion sickness when playing first person games and this game was not an exception during the demo. However, it offers a 3rd person aspect that makes it much more playable for those who suffer from the same issues. For me it made it completely playable, and I thank the developers for taking into consideration the different aspects, whether it was to please the crowd who prefers RPG to FPS or if it was to make it easy for us inner ear sensitives.Otherwise, thise game is challenging and witty, whether you are talking to a computer with an attitude or you are leaving self important QR codes to your friends. The puzzles are strong in that their difficulty depends not on what you are trying to unlock, but the way that your mind is currently open. The previous puzzle may make you wary of the next in one way or another, but you sometimes have to learn to not learn from your mistakes. Because a mistake before may be a connect later.Think outside the box<3~color"
,Recommended,257510,17678460,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Flash~Step,"this is one of the most brilliant games i have ever played. the story is magnificent, incredibly well written and thought provoking. the puzzles are unique, challenging and make you feel rewarded. the world is beautiful and the soundtrack is stellar. this is easily one of my favorite games ive played in the last few years. amazing."
,Recommended,257510,16071512,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,`Loam,"Solving Puzzles, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off God.I made it into the hall of fame! Eat it!Edit: Dis gaem ish geyouwwwd :33"
76561198013141287,Recommended,257510,15613490,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Centipede,"A quick review. I haven't finished the game - normally, I dislike reviews of unfinished games, but I'm going on a trip for the weekend and I feel the need to put some words here.This game makes me feel so happy! It's an experience the likes I haven't had in so many years I almost forgot it's possible. An intertwining of chilling music, sunlit neoclassical landscapes and a narrative about the timeless dilemma - what is artificial and what is human. A relevant topic I'd say in these years when we study AI and automatic learning at the university.Beyond the story which is nicely revealed in epistolary form (on laptops in the middle of ruined statues), the mechanics of Talos Principle entrance me. I'm not sure how to convey them, but I'll offer this clumsy analogy: suppose I leave you inside a huge and intricate building, I give you a simple tool - a hammer - and tell you to find secrets. I show you how to hammer nails and maybe how to pry them out. Then you start hammering around and solving problems inside the house.After a while you can't find much more. But then, you take a small mental leap and realise you can break stuff with the hammer. You start breaking flimsy doors and windows and finding so much more to explore. Then you start getting stuck again. You take this hammer and you start throwing it at things. New openings appear!You realise that this simple tool, this hammer, is more than just a means to nail things down. It sinks, it has mass, volume, a wooden end. You use it to prop doors open, to grip things beyond your reach, to break things beyond fences, as a paperweight. I only gave you a hammer and that's all you have, so you must make use of it in evey way you can. What if I give you a chisel now?In this, the game resembles Portal: simple mechanics explored to their surprising depths, and which the game introduces through clever situations instead of just giving you a tutorial on the properties of objects. It gives you the pleasure of discovering an unexpected angle of looking at things.In the end, I can simply spend hours wandering this gorgeous, bittersweet world. The artstyle is the very definition of a screenshot simulator. I'll write more about the story when I finish the game."
,Recommended,257510,17986112,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,roronoa[GR],"*do not look at my playtime, i played 17 hours in offline mode*This is a masterpiece.It really is. It might not be perfect but it is one of these games that do so many things right. One of these that you complete and you sit back and think ""i just witnessed/played something great, something rare"".In the core it has amazing addictive puzzles that will make you scratch your head but not frustrate you (too much, its kinda hard at the end). But what really makes this game shine, the cherry at the top, is the story.No cutscenes, you are a silent protagonist so you dont speak, just texts to read, a voice that guides you and some interaction with some computer. Thats was enough for me be to be captured in one of the most interesting stories in videogames. This game will make you think. You will read, and then you will explore the world, you will listen and then you will think, even after you stop playing.It will serve you a really interesting story, a mystery to solve, and will make you really think about what you really are. It will make you question your own humanity.If you like puzzle games this is a must play. If you do not like puzzle games maybe its time to start liking them."
,Recommended,257510,16604520,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sardonic,"Did you like Portal?  Do you like hard Sci-Fi concepts?  Do you like Philosophy?  If you can answer even one of these in the affermative, then this game is a buy.There's a lot this game has going for it.  One of the finest puzzle games in a generation.I don't want to go into spoilers but the game's setting is among the most unique possible, and elements of the story almost brought a tear to my eye.  The game's ending was quite possibly the most satisfying ending I could imagine.All in all, 11/10 puzzle game.  11/10 in that it sets a new standard.  Portal 3 should be made by these guys, seriously."
76561197984427196,Recommended,257510,16636744,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Preydator,"I don't normally take the time to go and write reccomendations, but wow. This game is amazing. It's definitely a puzzle game, with a really interesting story as long as you actually listen to the dialog and want to figure out what's going on. It's extremely immersive, just don't jump into the game thinking it's some pretentious indie game BS art piece whatever, the cynicism will totally kill any enjoyment you'll get out of it.Each area has puzzles to do that you need to do to progress, each in it's own contained area, but getting the rest of the story and seeing more of the world relies on you getting gold stars, which for the most part, rely on you metagaming the puzzles, finding ways to break them and have them interact with each other and the outside world to unlock the stars. There are quite a few times where you really just need to stop and figure out everything out of the ordinary you can do with each puzzle to solve something in another area.It's compared alot to portal, but it's nowhere near as lighthearted as portal. It's philosophical (Which I guess is where people thinking it's pretentious comes from, but come on, sometimes things are actually deep and you need to think and contemplate ideas. It's not bad to use your head people, not everything is handed to you on a platter!) and has some genuinely uncanny, sometimes even scary moments.The best comparison to portal 2 I can think of is that the whole game feels like those moments (Mostly in the condemned underground testing area) where part of the puzzle is cut off or broken or something and you're suddenly taken out of the contained puzzle area to find some solution outside using the environment and unorthodox means to progress.The whole game is like that, and because of that, you end up seeing a lot of extra things, secrets and easter eggs, of which this game has LOTS. Some are throwbacks to movies and other games (There were quite a few I didn't get, but plenty I did), and each one is a joy to stumble into. Some even give some more backstory. All in, they're all interesting, well hidden, and complement the mindset you have to put yourself in to get through everything.If you're one of those people who just can't stop and take in the scenery, or you have absolutely no interest in story, pacing, puzzles, or thinking, and just need some quick action, this definitely isn't going to be interesting. If not, this is fantastic. It's challenging, engaging, immersive, and leaves you on edge, wanting to learn more and more."
,Recommended,257510,16985911,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Power,"The Talos Principle is an amazing experience that mixes logic puzzles and philosophical questions. It features gorgeous levels, a beautiful sountrack, many well-designed puzzles, a lot of secrets to search for, and thoughtful discussion about existence with an AI.This game will make you think, and sometimes it will play you instead."
76561198009370148,Recommended,257510,25414775,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,MAKE HATS NOT WAR,"Smart, beautiful, great music!Basically Portal without portal gun.But with text console devil."
,Recommended,257510,21328049,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,keeri,"The Talos Principle is one of my favorite games, there are many great things about it, the immersive world, the soundtrack, the atmosphere. Some puzzles were frustrating, but it was really worth playing for the storyline, finding solutions to the puzzles, QR-codes, easter eggs and so on. I was also surprised by the length of it, normally games of this type have a short playthrough, but this game took many hours to complete. It's really great, get it."
,Recommended,257510,15653281,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Ice,"Nice game,Just like Portal 1.Maybe TTP2 will as good as portal2"
,Recommended,257510,15179656,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Kizor,"First things first: This game caught my eye simply because it looked like a puzzle game HEAVILY inspired by Portal. Don't let that fool you; this game is CHOICE. I was a fan of Portal, not so much Portal 2, and it is my personal opinion that this game could easily have blown Portal apart and made many die-hard fans weep at the lack of content Portal could have potentially utilized.Amazingess includes:Graphics and GFX customization options - I've never had the opportunity to see or play ANY form of ""game"" that has such an in-depth options. I just upgraded my PC a week ago and I spent a good chunk of time just tinkering with the appearance. 10/10Soundtrack - I haven't heard a soundtrack this provoking in some time. Between the gameplay, graphics, and overall ""feel"" of the game; this soundtrack is almost too much for my brain to handle (in a good way.)Gameplay - Diverse and near-sandbox in terms of exploration. While it's linear, you aren't confined to very limited spaces; such as the Test Chambers in Portal. A nice balance of simplicity with overwhelming, at first, scenarios. Just take a minute to absorb everything around you and enjoy!I'll be updating this review as I progress through the game. As of now it's my second 10/10 game of 2015."
,Recommended,257510,30897789,Posted: 2 April,all,FreeKill,"An astonishing game, one of my favorite."
,Recommended,257510,24255523,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Yung Cash Register,WHAT IS LIFE
,Recommended,257510,14279313,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,lukaszsa,One of the few the best games i have ever played! I have nothing to add.
,Recommended,257510,31339554,Posted: 24 April,all,TheFatPooBear #team baulz,I dont think ive played a better puzzle game.
76561198003725946,Recommended,257510,24431885,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Watch3r,"Absolutely great game!In the beginning its kinda easy but it gets harder later on to a point where you get really frustrated. There are a lot of puzzles to solve that involve various unique elements to play with. The puzzles and the mechanics alone are great but the story is also astonishing good for a team that developed the Serious Sam series :).One thing needs to be mentioned for people that don't like to read a lot: You need to read a lot in this game to get the full experience of the game. I guess the puzzles alone are worth the money, but keep that in mind to understand all the praising reviews.I needed ~25h to complete the main game with all extra puzzles (but used walkthroughs for some hard 'special puzzles').The DLC is also completely worth its money. Same mechanics but some variation of the different elements and a great story.I personally think that it's much better than portal & portal 2.Everyone should've played this masterpiece! Get it!"
,Recommended,257510,22239212,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Grossie,This was a great game. Story line was thought provoking and well worth. Gameplay was well designed. Puzzles were challenging.
,Recommended,257510,20098618,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,a2fast,The best puzzle game ever I have play until now.The graphic is epic and the difficult of puzzle is balanced and enjoyable.I recommended for everyone to play it.
76561198066673553,Recommended,257510,17526713,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Iron|666,"With Portal by it's side, one of the best puzzle  games ever! 10/10"
76561198157099279,Recommended,257510,25543853,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,baldinw,"One of the best games I have played so far. Smart, beautiful, intriguing, etc... If you like Portal, this game is for you."
,Recommended,257510,15415359,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Влади́мир Влади́,"This is something. The Talos Principle is truly memorable for me, and I didn't expect that from a puzzle game! There is so much to say about it, yet there is so much to be seen and appreciate with your very own eyes. It all starts with you awaking into a mysterious garden. You're confused on what's going on and suddenly, a voice from above is speaking to you. He presents himself as Elohim, you are his child and he will guide you to a road of eternal life. Along the way you will find computer terminals, sometimes granting network access, allowing you to talk to a program called Milton. Elohim calls him ""a snake"", whilst Milton says the opposite is ""a liar"". This program makes you have a conversation with him, letting you feel you are not alone... or are you? Returning to Elohim: for him to grant you eternal life, you must collect his sigils(which in reality those are rejected Tetris blocks) that are scattered through different worlds and puzzles. Speaking of puzzles, they are usually compared to the ones of Portal 2. Because you know, Portal 2 is the only puzzle game in the world,AIN'T IT?However, I can say that these mind-buggling games are truly astonishing and creatively designed. And we're talking about Croteam, the guys that made Serious Sam, a game about a guy blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up by just looking at it. *sigh* Anywho, I said something about worlds. An all about 3 lands+a tower, in which you have to find more about them yourself, but all I can say is, and that should summerize the game too: ""You know you are not in the real world, you know everything around you is a glitchy simulation program and you DO know there is almost no one to trust. But, you can't help but just... admire the view. Just believe in yourself and your own forces and everything will turn just fine. And trust whoever you think deserves it."" Yeah, that sounded much better in my head, but you get the point. The Talos Principle is a game I consider everyone from now on needs to have it in his/her library, as well as I hope in the near future it will become a nostalgic game everyone will look back on it and smile. The final verdict for this game is a 10/10 for me, a must have. This has been one guy's review, the verdict and choice is at your will.P.S. SERIOUS SAM 4 CONFIRMED U GUYS, WHO'S WITH MEH?!!"
,Recommended,257510,22820349,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,DEFT,"Wow, this have been a long time coming.Most of what I have to say have already been written by the other positive reviews. But this game has proven to be different and totally deserves my two cents.It's with delight to say that this is now my favorite game of all time, (not including pokemon red/blue, that just wouldn't be fair) on any platform. The Talos Principle fit me perfect, and I already look forward to when I can look back at this piece and get nostalgic. To hopefully add validity to my first statement and show how much I emphasise it, I've been a proud gamer for a dozen years anda half.To make up for my late (and first) review, I swear to Elohim and existensialism and nihilism that I will be the very first to review 'The Talos Principle 2'. You heard me Croteam."
,Recommended,257510,13518225,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Cirno ⑨,"It's like Portal 2 except 2DEEP4U.I enjoyed:the philosophical implicationsthe puzzles (has a difficulty spike around the last areas)the soundtrackstorywriting by the same person that did the swapper(play that too!)easter eggs(sort of a minor note really)nitpicking:some puzzles have more than one solution if you like metagamingit's not antichamber(it offers its own flavor of storytelling)comparing it to portal 2(from a story telling angle) is probably a mistake, so it would be good to be aware of that before buying the gameaside from that:8.5/10 if you like first person puzzle games"
,Recommended,257510,13854274,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Stupendous Man,"This game is a masterpiece, pure and simple; it is most probably the best game I've played in my life. Actually, I would hesitate to call it a game, this is an experience on par with the best books. Big words I know, but I am simply blown away by the Talos Principle.The idea behind the game is pretty simple: solve puzzles to collect tetraminos, which you can use to unlock more puzzles and advance. It has a lot in common with Portal.What makes it far superior to Portal, however, is the story that evolves as you solve puzzles. Scattered about the world (or worlds, rather), are computer terminals with fragments of texts, many by real worlds authors. They range in time from the Book of the Dead from ancient Egypt, to philosophy by Immanuel Kant etc. These texts paint a picture of how conscience and our place in the world is, and has been, understood, and prepare you for some indepth philosophical discussions later in the game. I won't spoil anything more, though, but just say that an interest in philosophy is very helpful (but absolutely not required!).Moving to the more technical aspects of the game, the graphics are gorgeous though not perfect, though the music is nigh perfect in my opinion: very relaxing and setting the mood for patient exploring and puzzle solving. In general, the game plays very relaxed, there are only a few points in the game where you need to hurry in order to solve a puzzle.The only negative points are that a very few puzzles were a little too frustrating (Egyptian Arcade and Nerve-wrecker - apt name!), and that the end-puzzle could have had a couple in-between saves.All in all, I HIGHLY recommend this game. If you only play one game this year, do yourself a favour and let it be the Talos Principle. It is THAT good. It has made me interested in philosophy and the theory of consciousness, and I have already bought a few books about it. Playing this game was time VERY WELL spent, and I look forward to playing it again some time, and hopefully to seeing more such games from Croteam and the writers Tom Jubert and Jonas Kyratzes, who have done and incredible job!Another thing, this may be a more adult (not in that sense! ;) ) game, I'm not sure if kids or teenagers would enjoy it as much."
76561198024153634,Recommended,257510,13842705,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Jemini,"I've never been this compelled by a video game before...seriously. I want to explore every inch of the world, read every text entry, search for every hidden star and easter eggs (there so many!). The story hinges on philosophy and self-purpose and to say anything else would spoil how great it is.I'm a huge fan of puzzle game as well but even Portal, the most charming puzzle game imaginable, didn't captivate me like the puzzles in TTP. I'm eager to solve every one and the puzzles themselves as well as the progression of mechanics and difficulty curve is absolutely perfect.The world of TTP is so damn interesting!! Filled to the brim with personality. Messages of others left behind that are actually intresting to read as well as a mysterious computer terminal... All with a voice in the sky, Elohim, guiding you as if he were some god. To say things are more than they appear is a criminal understatement but if you liked the atmosphere of the exterior of the test chambers in Portal 2 (The rooms hidden behind walls, messages constantly having you consider where and what you are) you will LOVE TTP$40. It's steep even with all this praise. If you're someone who looks for playtime you'll get from what I can tell and what I've heard ~20 hours if you want to explore. An out of nowhere game that tops my GOTY for 2014 and possibly the best puzzle game I've played. At least on par with Portal. I can't give this game a high enough recommendation!"
,Recommended,257510,15806406,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Rhazer,"It's as good as everyone says it is.  Better than Portal imo, and I loved Portal.  I don't understand how this game isn't at 100% positive reviews (only at 97%....).  Simpy amazing and a must play if you enjoy puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,35080053,Posted: 20 September,all,giveortake,"This game has quickly and easily jumped to the top of my favorite games list. The soundtrack is amazing, the worlds are beautiful, the story compelling, and the characters extremely memorable.I found myself pausing to take in the view at many different points in the game, to just... sit, and admire. Even though the sound of glitches would normally cause concern, in this game, the audio and visual tearing that happens occasionally only adds to the experience (no cause for concern, it's a surprisingly nice aesthetic.)The puzzles are a delight to solve, each with varying degrees of difficulty. I also greatly enjoyed reading all of the documents in the terminals, arguing with the assistant, and contemplating what it means to be human.I will admit, though. Alex was my favorite. Each new audio recording, tucked away for you to find, redefined what it is I love about the game. I hope everyone else who plays this falls in love with her the way I did.I stayed up way too late to beat the second ending, so I'll have to finish the third (and the DLC) another day."
,Recommended,257510,23425023,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,En lagom Blatte,"What can i say ? Amazing puzzles, great narrative writing and story. The dlc is on of the best in any game ive played. got all the achievements and played through it twice."
,Recommended,257510,18090222,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,lefantome,"The Talos Principle is one of the best games of the past year. It's core is a puzzle game that may seem dull and repetitive until you play it because it's one of the best puzzle games I've every played: solving puzzle is very statisfying, they require the perfect amount of brain matter that, when you solve them, you think: ""omg I'm so smart"". Awesome balancement less than 5 puzzles were problematic for me (out of 100 or so).The story is really interesting, the games poses many philosophical questions during the terminal sections and the whole and the setting is well depicted. Maybe presenting these topics in terminal sessions that are separated by several dozens minutes of puzzle solving isn't the best way to keep track of them but you don't require them to enjoy the plot or the game.If you loved Portal 2 buy the games asap, the puzzles are much better and the story/setting are as cool as Aperture Sciene but not as easy to follow."
,Recommended,257510,25414847,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Mr. Walkway,Puzzle game with amazing story progression
,Recommended,257510,23401395,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ozone Colfpup,The Talos Principle is just blindingly amazing.The puzzles are tricky but you do get a sense of accomplishment after being able to complete each one.Would highly highly recommend!
,Recommended,257510,20063190,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,🔪,"Enjoyed myself throughout the entire game, planning on more playthroughs in the future.A must-play for puzzle game fantics like myself.Found my favorite quote so far in this game, in all my a decade's time of gaming.""For you must know that deathlessness reveals the motality of the world, and true wisdom its unending folly.""Something else worth noting:>I'm digging ELOHIM's voice. ( English )>The computer terminal took notice of and commented on my sociopathic nature just several hours into the game. He's way more efficient than my shrink of a professor. I'm impressed.中途調了一下語言設置。中文文字翻譯質量不高 配音還不錯。"
,Recommended,257510,13571708,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),"I think 'the best puzzler since Portal' is a lazy turn of phrase. One: It immediately compares your game to Portal, which has an amazing gameplay framework and some of the best writing I've seen in a video game. Two: It implies that Portal is unbeatable in the genre, which makes me think 'Oh, the best game since Portal? Why don't I just play Portal then, since we've all agreed that Valve has set a benchmark we all can never beat? Gather copies of Antichamber and Quantum Conundrum, throw them on the bonfire! We've reached the pinnacle of the genre, there's no point now!'Anyway, The Talos Principle is the best puzzler I've ever played since Portal. This is because the game itself has a great framework for puzzles and manages to remain consistently good for two-thirds of its playtime (25-30 hours). Not only that, it's got decent storytelling qualities. Not as good as Portal's, but still, I can't fault a game that actually has you engage in existential debates with an artificial intelligence. (You won't be asked to brush up on your Immanuel Kant, but if you are familiar with his work you'll get more out of the game!)The puzzles are fantastic - they are small but they get difficult. But not too difficult. Just enough to provide that 'ah-ha' moment when the solution comes together. There's only six props to solve puzzles with and you have to earn them first. But when you do, they're like getting new toys - barely learning how to use them at first, but the further and further you get, the more efficient you'll get, and in turn the game gets harder, and you use the secret tricks you've learned with these toys to beat the harder puzzles, leading to another set of delicious 'ah-ha' moments and smug satisfaction. Eat it, computer game. The student has now become the master of putting things on boxes! Oh crap, how do I beat this puzzle?Exploring the world is a treat to be done between puzzles. You can take in the lush scenery of rotting architecture and poking computer terminals to read the scraps of data left behind in the simulation. Sometimes when you poke one of the terminals a filthy computer smartass with a liberal arts degree pops up and questions you about whether you're really human. I told it ""I am human, because I think, so go to hell!"" and it told me ""Yeah, but PHILOSOPHY KARATE CHOP, HAHA! Not so smart now, are you?"" and I have to end up conceding because the meager amount of Kierkegaard I read from a comic book was about as useful as a rock in the middle of an artillery strike. I make this sound like a dry pseudo-intellectual slapfight, but it's all just theatrics for the storytelling itself, and you can finish the game whether you win the 'debates' or not. Throw yourself as hard as you can into it, it's fun!Speaking of finishing video games: There are so many puzzles that this game is The Puzzle Warehouse. The puzzles themselves are wonderfully constructed, but there are so many of them that even the 'ah-ha' moments started to wear off and I literally groaned at the thought of there being more puzzles. It's like reading a good but wordy novel - a lot of fun but finishing the damn thing requires a bit of dedication. Like an Umberto Eco novel, for example.Anyway BEST DAMN FIRST PERSON PUZZLER SINCE PORTAL BUY IT. THERE'S A KITTEN ON THE STORE PAGE, YOU LIKE THOSE RIGHT?"
,Recommended,257510,31825158,Posted: 18 May,all,Deluxeloy,"It has puzzles with simple mechanics but great complexity. It has deep insights into culture, philosophy, morality and religion. It has great, varied characters that each bring something new to the table. It has a story that slowly reveals itself as you play.It has everything to make you feel like an absolute genius, and totally humble you moments later.-Deluxeloy v99.27.0056b"
76561198324766181,Recommended,257510,25722130,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,76561198324766181,Art in its finest form
,Recommended,257510,19132225,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Muyu,Thoughtful and deep philosophical incredibly storyWell-crafted puzzlesA masterful piece
,Recommended,257510,23229510,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Blue Bunny,"I hate how amazing this game is. Got all the way, and then went back, and then it just....  maker, it is beautiful"
76561197968373281,Recommended,257510,13378217,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,FPW-PowerMonger,"This is a great game. I'm a bit surprised by the quality. Its very well put together.I have played the two first worlds and until now it continues to amaze.The game has many similarities with Portal. If you are into that kind of stuff, then buy it."
,Recommended,257510,13370152,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,scaine,"This game is a masterpiece. Deep, interesting, moving storyline married with polished, beatifully realised gameplay. The graphics are beautiful, albeit heavy on the lense-flare at times. The music is apt and the sound effects are expertly done. Voice acting (at least for English speakers) is top quality - particularly the moving Alexandra sound capsules you will hear throughout the story. The final cut scene was suitably poignant and yet, given what you've been through and what the end represents, epic.For folks that like to think hours-to-complete is somehow relevant, it took me 23 hours to ""finish"". I'd discovered three (which I think is all) of the secret rooms, plus one absolutely wierd ""extra"" secret area within a secret area and I went to extra lengths to find what turned out to be an easter egg that revolves around, of all things, Aperture Science. I don't know what the Croteam guys have in relation to Valve, other than perhaps being fans, but it was pretty awesome nonetheless. However, I'd only unlocked five stars by the end and I suspect there's many more to find. Probably around 25 or so. I also read all the ""local resources"" that you find at computer terminals. Who knows, but you could probably speed run the game in half the time I spent absorbing it all.But don't speed run this. This game is fantastic and deserves a bit of your time to immerse yourself in. Not just the puzzles, but the story, the atmosphere and the many, many secrets scattered around this wonderfully realised world.Couldn't recommend it enough.Are there bad points? I'd be nitpicking. Some of the sigil games can be pretty tough and they were my least favourite aspect of the Talos Principle. Yep, that's about it. Tough, challenging, deep, moving, beautiful. Buy it.I played through on Ubuntu 14.04 and it ran flawlessly, despite a warning that it couldn't detect my graphics card (which is a pretty standard Nvidia GTX)."
,Recommended,257510,25549862,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Rob.Fag.24,i thought it was about cats.... glad i was wrong
76561197972190682,Not Recommended,257510,17964326,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,eblumrich,"K- I finished ""The Talos Principle,"" and, well: I don't get it.I am sure that those who believe that the emperor is wearing clothes will say ""Oh- you didn't read all the stuff, and are too poorly educated to get the cultural/religious/sociological subtext.""No- I did read everything, and while most of it bored me to tears, I understood all of it. I mean- is the ""big surprise"" supposed to be that the protagonist is a robot fulfilling a task set for it by human progenitors, thousands of years ago, before humanity was wiped out?I'm sorry, but that is pretty much made clear, in the first ten minutes of the game- hardly a revelation.Is the ""big surprise"" that the game is a meditation on our collective relationship with the divine and the unknowable? Well- I guess such would be a ""surprise"" to someone of limited philosophical tendencies.Like I said: within the first ten minutes of the game, you grasp that you are an AI running through a gauntlet set for you, by beings long past. I kept playing, because I hoped- I really hoped- that I'd be able to know what happened to humanity, and the ""big payoff"" at the end was you bringing humanity back to life.But no, no, no. The ""Big Surprise"" of the ending is that humanity is dead (duh,) and you are awake in a dead world (again, we learned this in the first ten minutes of the game.) Not a single word nor snippet of information is imparted about what happened to humanity.Glad I bought it on a 75% off sale, and didn't pay full price.One last thing:If I were setting up an AI to revive at a random point in the future to safeguard all that was human, I wouldn't force the AI to spend day after day collecting ""tetris"" pieces, in order to learn his purpose.Throughout the game, you collect recordings of the lead scientist's voice, expressing her doubts and concerns about the Talos project, and humanity's demise. You hear the concern in her voice, as she wonders if what she is working so hard on is for naught.Perhaps the ""big reveal"" at the end of ""Talos"" is that she was right.It was all for naught- and you're the sucker who wasted his time on earth figuring that out."
76561198020821536,Recommended,257510,28963720,Posted: 2 January,all,gatohaus,"Trying to think of what to say...It falls somewhere between enlightening and life-changing.There should probably at least be a warning about potential real-world consequences.----The puzzles are good, and I like the mini-puzzles too, but they're a side dish to the 'story'.  Take your time.  The ideas build up as you progress.   Sooner or later you'll cross a line and the game will create a forced prespective skewering your suspension of disbelief.I think I'm nearing the end of the game.   I hope that some of the philisophical dialogues can be played on their own afterwards."
,Recommended,257510,15785893,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Emil,So good!
,Recommended,257510,25941319,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,modytt,challenging puzzle game but lots of fun
76561198029296618,Recommended,257510,25457439,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,TwistedSparkz,"So I never really write reviews...honestly just to lazy. But this game in the 2 hours I have played so far have been outstanding. As other people have said it is like portal but with a more serious tone...ALOT more serious. But I have to say...I have never EVER had a game make me sit back and think ""wow...that really just explained who I am in terms of morals and how I think"". But when I say this you might think ""well I know my morals and how i think or feel"". But personally I had to sit there reading a physiologial log on myself based on questions and how I was playing, and when I read it it freaked me out how true it was but I never had realised that. I'm actually sitting here having to rethink honestly about alot of life choices/thoughts because of it...because of a GAME. To be honest though thats amazing..sounds crazy but it really is because this game is not just about puzzles. Its alot deeper than that. This game did that in just 2 hours...and the journey has only just begun. 10/10"
76561198173779255,Recommended,257510,15615805,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Truly Slothful,"The Talos Principle is one of the best games I have ever played. The story is very thought provoking regarding the existence of artificial intelligence and what it means to be human. If you enjoyed Portal then you're bound to enjoy this game. The puzzles are challenging and enjoyable, particularly looking for stars which really makes you think outside the box.Also if you enjoy looking for easter eggs there are quite a lot in this game."
,Recommended,257510,19246328,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,<Subject Name Here>,This game is significantly better than it appears at first glance. Give it a shot and I guarantee it will not disappoint.
,Recommended,257510,14956992,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,[a2m]Androktasie,"An existensial game that makes you think, and not just about puzzles at that.  You are a child, a newborn in a robot's body being told to do things because you're special, but all the while there are oddities all around you that make you question yourself, your surroundings, your superiors, and the purpose of it all.  You are alone, and you are not alone.  Other children undergo the same trials as you, and you can even see messages left behind in the environment from them and your Steam buddies.At it's core, The Talos Principle's has an excellent selection of non-linear puzzles ranging from easy to hard, and combined with the beautiful writing there's a driving force to keep me playing.  There's also TONS of easter eggs and unmarked puzzles off the beaten path to be found.  Seriously, give this game a try.  It's addicting."
,Recommended,257510,15796917,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Stalinbrad,"Once the initial appeal of the game wears off, it deepens. The game is set up in a fairly straight-forward way -- you have worlds you can go to and in each, there's puzzle chambers. The story to the game is unobtrusive. If you want to explore it, you find it yourself rather than it coming to you. For the most part, anyways. The game gives you a sort of deep and hollow feeling to indulge when you're playing it as well. Something about all of the old and beautiful ruins you're submerged in combined with you being alone, save for someone who seems to be testing your worthiness is odd. Especially because his voice is fairly sparse. The Talos Principle presents a world that is desperately trying to insist that it isn't dead, and the scenery encourages you to shoulder on even when you get to a set of puzzles you don't particularly like.The only thing that I have to say about some of the puzzle design in this game is that it -is- sometimes frustratingly precise. That is to say, I found that occasionally, when solving a puzzle I had the solution, but I had to tweak it -just so- in order to get it to stick. I didn't like this, and it especially bothered me in The Iron Curtain in particular. (Involving grabbing a diverter...thing. Saying anymore'll ruin it for you.)I don't think this is an experience that anyone should pass up on, in my opinion. It's excellent work, and it deserves more attention than it gets."
76561198072932385,Recommended,257510,14006048,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,coats,"Great puzzle game, philisophical story and multiple endings depending on player choice.Pros:Basically everything is top notch, from graphics and sound to the gameplay.Cons:The only thing I can say against it is that some optional puzzles are insanely difficult, but that's the point."
,Recommended,257510,14001271,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,berkough,"I absolutely love this game... Definitely the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of Myst and Portal.  Great learning curve with the mechanics and puzzle complexity.  Really intriguing story, it starts off convoluted but reveals itself at a nice pace.  And there's a fair amount of exploration that can be done in between puzzles to give your mind a break, but keep you in the game world.This game is far from perfect, but it's enough of a complete package to make it extremely enjoyable and definitely unforgettable.  I've played through once already and looking forward to a second playthrough to see if I can figure out the optional puzzles this time around."
,Recommended,257510,13881989,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Bag_of_BOnes,"Incredibly poignant and contemplative. When you're not solving the games puzzles -- which are mostly great -- a deep story runs in the background, which *will* make you stop playing for a moment and absorb what's been said."
,Recommended,257510,16514842,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,intangir,"this game is flat out phenominal.. it amazes me.. it has all of these levels within levels, its like metamadness..it touches on lots of interesting philosophical concepts and i think that even though some of it is flawed the game is so many levels in levels i wonder if some of the flaws are deliberate to provoke thought or to present a point of view or to deliberately anger me because its playing a role..far out game.. very far out. extremely thought provokingbtw maximizing comfort and maximizing liberty are not contradictory, especially to those who are comforted by liberty and those who recognize the meaning and value of the concept of liberty.."
,Recommended,257510,16224432,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Vayl ♥,"This is probably one of my favorite games now. Seriously. Not just 'Puzzle platformer' games, one of my favorite games overall. It's rare (and kind of sad) that so few games nowadays actually make youthinkwhen you're playing it --not just 'how do I solve this puzzle', but broader questions about conscience, existence, and what it means to be alive.The Talos Principle begins with you, a robotic being, waking up from slumber to the welcome of a god-like voice. It belongs to 'the creator', a being named Elohim, who claims to have created the world around you as a garden. Your purpose, he explains, is to solve puzzles and collect his sigils, which will allow you to become immortal. His only covenant is that you do not climb the Tower, which he says will lead to disaster and your inevitable death.Yes, this is a very puzzle-centric game, but despite how difficult some of the puzzles can be, they're all genuinely fun. This game is just brimming with secrets, and some hilarious easter eggs, which kept me searching the game for hours longer than I'd expected. I'd say it's probably got 15 to 20 hours of solid content, maybe longer if you're determined not to use a guide when you're stuck.I can't emphasize this enough: if you want a game that makes you think, and has a chilling yet beautiful story, buy this game. We all need more games like this."
,Recommended,257510,28330341,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Psi Crow,"+ challenging puzzles+ kinda ♥♥♥♥ed up (in a good way) backgroundstory that unfolds when you read the fragments that glitch in your world,+ 3 different endings+ they solved the (in)visible-walls-at-worlds-end♥♥♥♥♥♥in the best way I could imagine :D+ workshop with mods for more levels and stuff (didn't try that though)+ often there are different possible solutions and when you're stuck on a puzzle just move to the next oneit's all about consciousness of men and machine, responsibility, excistence, the worth of humanity and culture.You will have to question everything. The boundaries suggested by the levels, the maker, the truths you believed in, your own will,  even the one who makes you question all that.Have fun ^^"
,Recommended,257510,15435229,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Tonyzrage,"Long game, interesting premise, heavy philosophy that will make you think a lot, ""Think outside the box"" puzzles...I found it to be on the easy side, but a few stars had me stumped for a while.Great game."
,Recommended,257510,14739736,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,EFoE,"Pros:* Plenty of challenging puzzles with a very nice difficulty curve throughout the game.* Interesting / thought provoking philosophy integrated into the plot and gameplay.* Multiple items to use in unique ways to solve puzzles, often with multiple solutions.* Strong sense of resource management when using limited items to hold open gates, keep enemies stunned, etc.* Makes very good use of the 3D environment for the laser connectors.* Good voice acting and sound effects.* Interesting plot, and unique way of conveying it.* Map editor / community sharing.Cons:* Limited choices for responses in the computer dialogue.* Some puzzles require extremely counter-intuitive solutions, such as connecting beams all the way across levels, which are connected to an open overworld area, barely visible in the background. Most puzzles are strictly logical, even when very difficult, but some such as this require just desperate attempts at answers that don't present themselves through critical reasoning.* The temptation of the tower and the computer vs. Elohim gets really overplayed and pretty predictable towards the end. The choices could have been presented more subtly.* Plenty of cryptic elements. Having beaten the game with both endings, and unlocked most of the secret stars and such as well, I still have no idea what the paint bucket was for.Overall, definitely a good game. One of the better 3D puzzle games. Difficult, but for the most part in a pretty straightforward way. Not a whole lot of innovation, but solid puzzle design nonetheless. The philosopical texts and messages are surprisingly thought-provoking. Very cool stuff about AI, morality, logic, etc.If you're into philosophy and puzzle games, this is a great game for you. If either of those are unappealing, you probably won't like this game. Those individual aspects are strong on their own, but they are integrated in a way that you can't really get all of one without a lot of the other.I give The Talos Principle an 8/10."
76561198035692284,Recommended,257510,15471248,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,-=D3G=-barless,"What can I say about this game?  It's engrossing, intriguing, fun, esoteric, existential, clever...The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission.  There's something hilariously ironic about trying to prove to a computer terminal in a video game that you are in fact a human.The puzzles are all engaging and fun, even the easy ones.  But the thing I love most about this game is that it makes you think.  10 hours in and I am still trying to decide if I want to be obedient to the strange voice in the sky or not...The easter eggs hidden all over the place are genius as well.11/10 I'd buy it again and again."
76561198047981516,Recommended,257510,15484367,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Spooky Mulder,This game changed me. CHANGED ME I TELL YA.
,Recommended,257510,15243588,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Chaduke,"One of the best games I've played in a long time.  The 3D environment is beautiful, enough for you to want to just spend time walking around admiring the artwork.  On top of that, you've got a first rate puzzle game in spirit of the Portal games.  It starts you off simple, teaching you the mechanics little by little until you can adapt to the more difficult ones.  This along with each puzzle design was very carefully done, you can tell a lot of work went into this.  Glad to see Croteam still at it, this is their best work."
,Recommended,257510,15498504,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,jerms werd,"This game really took me by surprise. I picked it up after I heard day9 talking about how good it was. It ended up becoming one of my favorite games of all time. Easily better than the portal series (which is great) and imho game of the year. More than any other game I've played Talos encourages the player to test its boundries, hunt for bugs, and explore off the beaten path.  Get this right now what is wrong with you why are you still reading this review?!??!"
76561197971761334,Recommended,257510,15332869,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Adonik,"I thought it was excellent.  Some puzzles games I have to set down for awhile and come back to, but this one is entertaining enough to have a long sit down with.  I think I liked it more than Portal 2 (I mention this because I often found myself comparing it while playing this game).The puzzles are very well made, and can take a good deal of time trying figure out.  There was a lot of content, and it would probably take the average player about 20-25 hours.  Unlike Portal 2 there's a lot less humor and the story is a serious one.    There are I think 5  elements you might be using for any given puzzle, and the mechanics are a lot of fun to play with.The game has a lot of philosophy in it and actually made me stop a few times to think about my own existence.  Not many games do that!Although I have finished the story line there are still secrets to find which likely will unlock another area of the game.  I don't usually see games to 100% full completion but I think I may this time.  This only happens if a game has lasting appeal.  Thoroughly enoyable and a great brain-twister, highly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,16606032,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sumurai8,"Why haven't you played it yet?This game is amazing. The puzzles are challenging, and decently paced. Some of the stars, required for the Blessed Messenger ending require mindboggling solutions. I have only found 1 puzzle and 1 star that can be cheesed, and one puzzle that does not require all the resources they throw at you. For the complexity of some the puzzles I think that is very decent. The way the world, and the story, is presented is great.Please. Read all the terminals. Take the time to think about the things you find there. Take the time to explore. Find out who you are. Find the paralels with our world.A post-apocalyptic survival simulator... done right."
,Recommended,257510,16616404,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,The Consultant,Great game
,Recommended,257510,16632199,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kusanagi,"The best game for me for couple of hours when come from job.The game does not have the crowds of monsters, but it has beautiful landscapes and relaxing music. Passing the puzzles all time would be boring, but they are interspersed with pretty interesting storyline. Gradually we begin to understand what happened in the world and why we should listen a mysterious voice from the sky.Good luck to you in solving the puzzles of this world! :)"
76561197970820015,Recommended,257510,18034598,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,ЯR,"""The purpose of life is to serve the generations to come.""This game makes you thoughtful. Raises important questions. For that alone it's worth playing.The puzzles are well made. From easy to difficult. In the later stages of the game I thought: ""Oh man this is impossible."" Just to find a solution later on and to be happy nobody watched.I hope we will see a sequel.Recommended!~ Fortes fortuna adiuvat"
,Recommended,257510,18035720,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,MR.SILVERSTRIKE,"The Talos Principle isn't something that can be properly explained without giving away some of the things you should discover for yourself. It's a fantastic puzzler. If you are willing to take the time to learn more about the world and its intricacies, you will find that this is a worthwhile experience that'll make you think about your own existence.Wholeheartedly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,18141584,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Keltur,"This is a profoundly good game that tests your mind from just about every angle.If you're not convinced, try the free demo.  You won't regret it."
,Recommended,257510,17642358,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,margaret_friday,"If I were that annoying person who writes Netflix user reviews, I'd write: ""You're looking for a Portal-like puzzle game with interesting story? You've just found it, lucky you."" This game is beautiful and addictive. Perfect for anyone who would like some brain exercise.The only (tiny) issue I had with this game is that the puzzles were not advancing too much difficulty-wise and while I really struggled through World 1 and most of World 2, I completed all World 3 puzzles almost without thinking about it.But still, not complaining. One of my fav games to date."
,Recommended,257510,14006136,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,shmegegge,"This game is up there with Portal and Myst as one of the Best Puzzle Games Of All Time, and shares quite a lot with those games.  The puzzling is challenging without being cheap or unfair.  (A notable exception would be the nearless endless supply of tile puzzles and some of the stars are simply impossible to work out and require looking up, but the stars are not necessary to completing the game and seeing everything it has to show.)  The writing is incredibly strong.  Some of the strongest writing I've come across in years, to be honest.  The last time I felt this impressed by a game's writing was when I played The Swapper (another brilliant, though almost impossibly difficult, game) so it wasn't a surprise to learn that the writer of The Swapper also worked on this game.  I cannot recommend The Talos Principle enough."
,Recommended,257510,17943389,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Magpie,"I was expecting a portal clone. Suprisingly, It turned out to be one of my favourite games. Puzzles are supplemented with brilliant story and setting. 10/10."
76561197960405891,Recommended,257510,23879018,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,FUBAR,"very fun, makes you think, similar to portal but harder"
,Recommended,257510,22135592,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,lanvilus,"Best puzzle game I've played since Portal and Portal 2. Since I have so much less time in my life for gaming, it's rare for a game to suck me in right away, but this one did it for me. The consistency of puzzle difficulty is solid. I really appreciated the precision in the puzzles - it's clear that they took time in crafting each one to avoid cheap workarounds. Granted, some of the puzzle mechanics are similar at times, but the game introduces a new dynamic just when you think you've got it mastered.I love puzzle games in general, but this one particularly struck me because there is a discernible, albeit cryptic storyline. It kept me compelled to continue, and I felt like solving the puzzles had a purpose, which is a pretty amazing feat for a puzzle game. Tack on the fact that this game has multiple endings - just when I thought it couldn't get more impressive.Additionally, I loved the music. It's so pleasant at times that I just stopped to listen for a bit. It definitely suits the game and helps establish its mood.Overall, playing this game was a real treat."
76561198026398393,Recommended,257510,18093016,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,SilverWolf,"One of the best games out there. Creative puzzles, a nice story and a cool soundtrack."
76561197967459119,Recommended,257510,24766805,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,killswitch1968,"Talos Principle is a 1st person puzzle game in a similar vein as Portal. In fact, if you like Portal's gameplay you'll probably like this.Instead of the titular Portals, in Talos Principle you manoeuvre boxes, direct light beams into switches, operate fans, and use ""Jammers"" to shut down switches to reach the end of each stage. There is also 'clone' mechanic that duplicates these tools for each level.Talos Principle hits the sweet spot - no puzzles are too hard, and most (except for the beginning stages) are too hard. And if you DID find them too easy, the sequel Road to Gehenna is excellent for more challenging puzzles. It is immensely satisfying when you have that ""Eureka!"" moment and figure out how to complete a puzzle.It has 2 major drawbacks. It's story is told through computer terminals and is a tedious bore to read. Second, Portal had whimsical humor and a more interesting antagonist. While the disembodied voice is back for Talos Principle, it's neither funny or interesting. Lastly, attaining bonus Stars is a miserable chore. These are hidden inside AND outside levels, with few clues as to where each one is. And rather than solving tricky puzzles to get them, they are either a huge easter egg hunt, involve jumping on terrain that look impassable, or locating some hidden object. If these were just collectibles it could be forgiven, but additional and very satisfying puzzles are locked until you collect them all. I freely admit to wall hacking to bypass these as the tedium of finding the stars was far too onerous.Still, a hearty recommendation for a great puzzler."
76561198176392459,Recommended,257510,25455080,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,andrewjw1995,"A definite 10/10.This game is a step up from Portal - the puzzles, the storyline, the scenery...All the while, it will ask you questions of ethics, philosiphy, morality, and it may even convince you to change your own opinions on the subject."
,Recommended,257510,16801163,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Joakleon,"Talos is one of the better 3D puzzle games I've played. The puzzles are relatively challenging, and although new concepts aren't introduced as frequently as they could be (I hope you love lasers), the overall aesthetic and gorgeous visuals engage the player to continue forward.The backstory, and there's a lot of it, can be ignored, but it is recommended to read most of it, I'd say even more so than other 3D games with optional storylines like Metroid Prime. Some of the questions the game asks can be even more challenging to think about than the puzzles themselves. It's very philosophical and broad. What it means to be human is the overall theme, I think. Or maybe what it means to be conscious? The purpose of our lives? Most of it went over my head because I just wanted to solve more puzzles, but it all ties in to the actual sequence of past events you discover along your journey to either eternity or 'the truth' about what happened to a team of scientists tasked with preserving all the world's information before some cataclysmic event.The puzzles, the story, the excessive amount of well hidden easter eggs, and the overall calm ambient aesthetic are all meticulously detailed and very engaging, well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,257510,20290311,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,boX,"Played the game for half an hour and was instantyl hooked. I love the puzzles this game has and the story (havent even finished at the time of writing) is good, it says dont go there and you just want to go.would rate 5/7"
76561198064357600,Recommended,257510,20389725,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,70's Detective Bear,Best God chatting sim out there10/10Would talk to God again.
,Recommended,257510,21613084,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Hanchez,"Taking strong queues from Portal, this game is an excellent puzzler. Really enjoyed it.The story is great, but you can choose how much of that you want engage with.Recommend. At full price it is worth it, on sale it is a steal."
,Recommended,257510,18799894,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Bat Country Visitor Center,"One of the best puzzle games I have played. The Talos Principle is a ton of fun, has a story that keeps you interested, and puzzles that give you a great ""aha"" feeling every time you solve them.It feels like a neat combination of the atmosphere / story from the Myst series combined with puzzes from Portal."
,Recommended,257510,18824442,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Zauron,"The Talos Principle has opened my third eye to levels of enlightenment which I might have never experienced had I not played it. I feel like my brain has literally leveled up, xp which I will retain through life instead of forgotten in a save file in my graveyard of games I'll probably never play again. I'm bored of mindlessly killing things, grinding, sinking hundreds of hours into the same old gaming mechanics. I don't care how elaborate a skill tree can get, ""First Person Killers"" have saturated the gaming market, and not enough of them have story lines that mesh in an unpredictable way with the base objective of the game: Kill stuff, level up, talk to an NPC, kill more stuff, major storyline cutscene, repeat x30, you win. And I'm not just a gamer who plays things on easy, I always start with maximum difficulty so I can experience every game in the most real-world way possible.I think this is one of those games that will steer many more people, and hopefully smart developers in turn, into types of games that make you think critically, problem solve, and maybe take a 5 minute break to delve into immersive text-based mediums. I have never seen text blended so beautifully into a storyline, where it isn't just supplimental lore, where it figuratively blew my mind. The text was about a third of the game in my opinion, I'm a moderate book reader but have never been in this much anticipation to read every line of text I came across in the game world.Rating: 99.99%"
76561198131798873,Recommended,257510,19028768,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,takopants,"Obviously nearly everyone who looked at this immediately thought of Portal since it's another first person puzzle game in a 3D environmentI did quite enjoy the puzzles although it was a weird mix between TOO EASY and HOW THE HECK DO I DO THIS (until i found out you CAN pick up boxes when youre on a ledge but you have to be VERY close to the edge)Compared to Portal you have a bit more variety in the puzzle pieces plus you can tackle a lot of things at your own leisure, skip something you don't imediately know how to solve and concentrate on something elseThe whole philosophy shtick is not really for me but I did enjoy the AI you're arguing with being such a cynical little **** about it.I would recommend it for 20€ or less"
,Recommended,257510,26205093,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,ginger_ninja,"One of the best puzzle games I've had the pleasure to play.The puzzles themselves are well designed and range in difficulty; starting of simple at the beginning with some of the later puzzles becoming rather complex incoporating multiple mechanics at once. However, not once did I feel any of the more challenging puzzles were unfair and that 'A-HA' moment when you figure out how to complete one of the more difficult ones never gets old. Saying that, some of the extra puzzles are rather convoluted and I had to use a guide to find them. These puzzles aren't essential to complete the main story though so it's no big deal.The story is also another big plus in favour of The Talos Principle. There is a fair lot of depth to the story which I was not expecting for a puzzle game. Brings up a lot of interesting philisophical concepts and is quite thought-provoking.Overall, if you like puzzle games and a good thought-provoking story then definitley play this game."
76561198043168148,Recommended,257510,16474884,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[MG] oMittens,"This game is absolutely incredible. Interesting dialogue, satisfying puzzles, and beautiful environments. I thoroughly enjoyed thinking about all the themes that it guides you through. Also, the ending is incredibly satisfying. Buy it right now!"
76561198014604398,Recommended,257510,17232186,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Bronze Ego,"This is quite possibly the most interesting game I have ever played.  The puzzles are challenging but doable, and the story has forced me to contemplate the meaning of my existance.  I haven't sat and played a game continuously like I have with this one in many years.  Make it a point to not have anything important to do before starting because it will be very difficult to walk away once you have started.Thanks for a great game Devs."
,Recommended,257510,21280590,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,.PAC.LtR -Savage!-,"""If I have seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants.""If you want to play a game and walk out as a better man, this is the game.I cried like a baby at the true ending of the game. :')I Thank anyone who made this game possible!"
,Recommended,257510,20277336,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,snowman,"This is not just a puzzle game, it is a true sci-fi. That is to say it does not just have a science fiction theme but explores science fiction ideas. The puzzles themselves are great; each challenge helps prepare you for the next but new puzzles can still have you struggling for one key pice of inspiration. They both build off and subvert previous expactations and should never be taken at face value. While puzzles will often be clearly deliniated thinking outside the box will yield rewards.The puzzles are only half the game though. Exploration, discovery, mystery; these things permeate through every aspect of the game. Plot critical and non-critical questions will be asked, choices will be made, and diversions are plenty. Despite the PC being mostly alone this game has a wealth of interesting charcters.The main game has a great story. Though I would have tweaked the premise and ending a bit that is solely due to my creative tastes. The DLC is definitely worth picking up and I am glad I had bought it because by the end of the main game I was clamoring for more. The DLC set up a few interesting ideas that could have been use to spice up the ending, and it seemed like the philosophical lessons were preparing us for some hard decision making, but only one of those ideas was really followed through with.The Talos Principle has earned its spot as one of my all time favorite games, I highly recommend it."
76561198023528824,Recommended,257510,19729094,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Dr. Strangelove,Really cool puzzle game to test your puzzle skills.music is great!even with a low end cpu this game runs fine without major problems.if you like puzzle games and philosophical computers then this one is for you!did i tell you the music was great? it is!
76561197972435489,Recommended,257510,18847012,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ShinyBeast,"Best game of the last year. Maybe of the last 10 years. Maybe top 10 ever. Puzzles on par with Portal, and a story driven by ontological questions to get you thinking while you're thinking. Loved, loved, loved it."
76561197980111597,Recommended,257510,15268412,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Smackadeus,"Talos Principle is a philosophical puzzler with a styling similar to portal, yet far more engaging in its story. And while I thought the content was excellent all around, I'd really recommend checking out a video or two beforehand.Most importantly though, this game has more easter eggs than you can shake a sigil at."
,Recommended,257510,14807212,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Pr@3tør!an,"The talos principle, for me is something fresh and different for a puzzle game. Some of the puzzles are so simple, that when you have been struggling trying to think of an overcomplicated solution, you will kick yourself when you see how simple it was, with that in mind don't assume they are all like that! There is a brilliant theme of Hisory, Ancestry,Mythology within the story that is entwined In the gameplay. The graphics are beautiful, with brilliant attention to detail, along with hidden secrets. I would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,257510,13831700,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,KingPil,"A unique puzzle game unlike any other I have played. The Talos Principle is a First Person Puzzle game set in what seems to be a deserted world, where you are alone with only the voice of God guiding you. I recommend the game for any puzzle-enthusiasts, if you liked the Portal series; you will probably like this as well."
,Recommended,257510,27840697,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,fnix 👌,"When I bought this game I was looking for something reminiscient of Portal, regarding puzzles. Something that was thoughtful but not too hard to complete.Playing the game I realised, that the puzzles werent necessarily hard. But many of the solutions were outside the confines of the puzzle. I really liked playing this game and if someone were to ask me if it was worthwile, I'd wholeheartedly recommend this game.The soundtrack is amazing too, it was calming and really gave this ambience of mysticism, behind the story of the world and the inhabitants. The same goes for the DLC. I can easily say, this game fits into my favorites."
,Recommended,257510,18996252,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Kel-nage,"Fantastic puzzle game - lots of challenging mind-bending Portal-like puzzles, with a lower key but similarly dystopian  storyline. It'll get you gripped and you won't want to let go. There are at least three endings - and I'd go so far as recommending you get at least two of them - you probably won't want to let any puzzles get away unsolved!Looking forward to getting my teeth into the expansion pack."
,Recommended,257510,19023612,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Texugo,It makes us think about our lives and our world... when we have fun!It makes us think about who we are... about who you are... and about who are they.It sounds confusing... but it it really awesome. Give it a try ;)11/10
,Recommended,257510,29269428,Posted: 15 January,all,taikaponi,The graphics are so beautiful I can't resist playing. Too bad I suck at puzzles.
,Recommended,257510,20018580,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SteveisIT,"Puzzles within puzzles within puzzles, all served up to the player in a ponderosa of philisophical ponderings. Truly a unique and fantastic experience, all brought to you by the people who previously created such verbal wonders as ""all your base belong to us, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s"", ""I'd be mad too if I couldn't see my own junk"", and ""Booyaa, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, tell me how my planet tastes"".Yeah, I couldn't believe it either. Just buy it. It's amazing."
,Recommended,257510,13960643,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Higgsbosons,This game is fantastic. The puzzles are reasonably difficult and there are a ton of them. I loved the story and the environment.
76561198060360097,Recommended,257510,18829868,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Methshin,"A puzzle game at heart with an overwhelmingly touching ambience and storyline set this game apart from others in the genre.When I first picked up this game, I expected puzzles with nice environments,  I received these in spades, but also got to experience the message the game expressed through the terminals.  The deep, philosophical overtones were even more beautiful than the scenery.Talos Principle is hands down, one of the greatest video gaming experiences I have had in my life, and I've been gaming for over 25 years.I hope the developers see this review, I'm sure the imprint this game left on me is what they were striving for, and I want to thank them for crafting this true masterpiece.9.9/10 - The highest I can rate a title"
,Recommended,257510,18934919,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,FishOtahku,"The Talos Principle is an amazing production with a level of quality that can put most AAA games to shame.At its heart, it is a philosophical puzzle game which immerses the player in beautiful 3D environments with variousinteractable objects to neutralize antagonistic obstacles such as force fields, sentry balls and turrets, etc. while atsame time providing an entertaining and thought provoking storyline.TL;DR If you are a fan of games like Portal, then wait no longer, get this game right now, because you'll love it like I do."
,Recommended,257510,16708447,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Hollowsong,"I'll start by saying this game is good and it deserves recommendation, but only for those who are into this kind of game.Disclaimer: I attribute my thoughts in this review to being spoiled by lots of games.It's a beautiful atmosphere with 'ok' textures and acceptable presentation. The narrative is pretty good and the mystery behind the story is just the right amount. Even though the particle effects and objects to interact with feel a bit gaudy (arcade-like) or out-of-place, the music is great and the handling of certain aspects (the rewind concept and the vocals as you try to surpass a map boundary) is both unique and refreshing.However, it's a puzzle game. Let me just say, I loved Portal and Portal 2.But the puzzles in Talos Principle feel more like a barrier than part of the game.So I fetch a bunch of tetris pieces (holding down shift through almost all the puzzles so I run faster because they're really simple) and I complete all the pieces and I walk through a portal...... and I'm in a hallway of locked doors.Every time you progress, you end up with one more barrier ahead of you. There are islands in the distance, beautiful sunsets and icy vistas... but I always have to turn around and walk toward the corroded maze of brick walls and grates to do another chore. And another chore and another. The pieces feel like work and not fun, to me. I want so badly to immerse myself in story and dive deep into the digital library terminals scattered throughout the map... but the gameplay part is dirt simple enough where I'm not enjoying it.The philosophical part of the game of ""what makes you human"" is not original but I liked that it was taken from a different perspective. It made me think for a bit, but I'm wondering if it's going to be drawn out and be the theme for the whole game. I forsee it getting tired and old halfway through.I'll probably give it another go after a break, and I'm giving it a thumbs up because I think it's well-done, but it's something you really need to be in the mood for."
,Recommended,257510,17264335,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,HossBoss,I got called a hippie by a computer terminal fot telling it hat animals are people too!I bought this game because it reminded me of the game myst at a glance and it was on sale but after playing through it i can say with out a doubt that this game is on my top 10 games right now because of it's complexity and deep thinking philosophy theme. The puzzles aren't 100% impossible like alot of other games but if you think about them in a out of the box kind of way you are sure to pass each and every one with enjoyable difficulty. If for any reason you are thinking of gettignt his game and you are ont he fence I highly suggest you do so and take the time to properly enjoy this game; it has sparked huge conversatons from my room mate who stopped playing other games to watch and discuss puzzles with me.
,Recommended,257510,18923131,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Postgoodism,"One of the best games I've played this year.Gameplay-wise: it's reminiscent of Portal 2, except you're allowed to talk back to GLaDOS, and engage in heated philosophical debate.One thing I wish I'd known going in: at one point early on, while struggling with a seemingly impossible puzzle, the narrator will suggest that perhaps you should come back and try it later, and even gives you an Achievement if you heed its advice and leave the puzzle. I initially assumed this meant that the game followed a Metroidvania pattern, where obstacles encountered early on can only be surmounted with abilities earned later in the game. NOPE. The game is just taking pity on you; the truth is that the sign outside every puzzle tells youexactlywhat you need to solve it, and if you can't figure it out, you're just not trying hard enough. This includes the stars hidden in most levels (some of which aretrulydiablocal, but that just makes them more satisfying to find in the end).The puzzles are brilliantly infuriating, the music and visuals are serene and beautiful, and the central theme is clear and well-integrated (hidden to avoid potential spoilers):The essence of intelligence is not just in successful problem-solving, but in questioning one's fundamental assumptions.Very highly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,19057086,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,MMR+1000 = Russian MMR,"Endless puzzles, accompagnied by quite beautiful music,  and decorated with interesting historical, philosophical and scientific (neurological) windows to our souls and existence.highly recommended"
,Recommended,257510,17269252,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Zorro,"Amazing atmosphere, tough puzzles, and one of the best plots of any game I've played."
,Recommended,257510,18576409,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,XxWyattFkXxX,Deeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep. Existence. Things.
,Recommended,257510,17727534,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,TheSlyestOfMen,"If you are in a slightly more intellectual mood than usual, this game will keep you busy with a large expanse of puzzles, an intruiging story, and a thought-provoking dialogue on the nature of humanity and the purpose to life."
,Recommended,257510,14772079,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,AK|Ghost|A,"The Talos Principle is perhaps the best puzzle game ever made, stunning locations make the game look good and the different puzzle elements make the gameplay and puzzle solving fantastic.You are able to go throughout all of the puzzles in any order you like, they are nice and clearly colour coded (Green, Orange, Red for Easy to Hard respectively) so you can set yourself your own challenges and choose what puzzles you take on.The Puzzles themselves are great, you get the same ""ahh"" moment that you would from a Portal game (Which is what I see alot of people comparing this to) and for the 100+ Puzzles they use all of the elements of the ones previous and build from them to create something more challenging.Ok, Time for the Story, It is very different to Portal, yet, It is similar.Similarities First: You are in a world, you have some puzzles to solve... And there is someone watching and guiding your every move.Now where it is different, where it really shines is the way it conveys its story in various ways, through the voice over like in the trailer, recorded messages, and much of it is on-screen by a computer terminal in-game, you read through remnants of different people and their stories, also another way I won't want to spoil.The story is again, sometimes given via voice over and recorded messages, the voice acting during these sections is top notch, it won't make you laugh like Wheatley voice actor could do in Portal 2, but the way they deliver the lines is excellent for their respective roles, (I was close to crying at one point) <--- That's very hard to do in a game, but if the writing and acting is solid it is achievable.So for a score, it really can't be described out of 10 really, It shines and sometimes drops the bar a little in some sections, but it's very few and far between.So... As a score I'd like to say. Portal 1.5 / 10???Also there are a bunch of fun Easter eggs to find! :DTL;DRIt's Like Portal, But It isn't, Just Trust Me."
,Recommended,257510,18952579,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Taranis,"Very few works of art can instigate a great philosophical debate while still providing light entertainment. Talos is one of those gems. The puzzles are original and enticing, the interactions are mindbending and all the while, it never foregoes its elegant simplicity for overambition. Everyone should experience this enlightening and soothing journey."
76561198118420122,Recommended,257510,14296293,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,tyjle,Laser is powering fan.Put block on fan.Block goes up.Blocks laser.Fan turns off.Block falls down.Laser powers fan.10/10 would useless machine again.
76561198168942622,Recommended,257510,15443052,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Rhoswen Lilev,"I absolutely adore this game! I am a huge fan of complex puzzles and these puzzles bend my brain in just the right way. Add to that the ethereal and omnicient voice of elohim? I'm in. 10/10, I love to play this game."
76561198119441390,Recommended,257510,19276855,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,dmkfair,"This is one of the best games I've ever playedI love this game.  Everything about it, from the graphics to the puzzles seems expertly crafted.  The story is fantastic, dealing with god, philosophy, and the nature of humanity.  The gameplay is most similar to Portal with puzzles that go outside of the typical logic but remain internally consistant.  You will probably enjoy this game if you are a fan of: Portal, philosophy, transhumanism, computer science, greek mythology, or math.  Even if you hate all of those things, this game is so good that you will probably enjoy it anyway, do yourself a favor and pick this one up."
,Recommended,257510,19140193,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Chevron w/ Techron,"One of the best games I've ever played.  Probably even passes the Portal series in my eyes.Great puzzles, great story, great graphics, great mind♥♥♥♥s.  I'd recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,257510,16455959,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Cache,The best game since Portal 2!
,Recommended,257510,20942829,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,fox in socks,"The ending of the story was kind of anticlimactic, but if you're playing it for the puzzles, it's great. Somewhat Portal-esque."
,Recommended,257510,20920785,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Shayfiz,"It's been a while since a game has left me as satisfied as ""The Talos Principle"" did. You wake up in an unknown place amongst a divine figure and a bunch of philosophical circlejerking. Soon, questions start to pile up: ""Where am I? What is my purpose in this place? Did I forget to turn the oven off?"".  While solving puzzles that range from simplistic to mind-bending, you set-out to discover the answers to these questions or not if you are a sheep. The science-fiction aspect of the game is well done, having artificial intelligence and the undefined nature of consciousness as a focal point. No matter how well you think you got your♥♥♥♥♥♥together from an ethical perspective, the game will shred your worldview apart and make you question your beliefs, showing you how any particular ethical issue has no definitive answer when approached from a philosophical angle. I like it."
76561198083387186,Recommended,257510,20822036,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Skywalker,A game that makes you question your own existence. Pretty great. Best purchase ever!
,Recommended,257510,16646333,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Santeri [Sponsor: Suntory],"As my friend told me about this game ""Like Portal, but without the portal gun"", this game is fantastic!Start by learning the basics of simple puzzles and work your way up to those levels that make you angry after you figure out how simple it really was.Great puzzle game with loads of levels!"
76561198042344608,Recommended,257510,16529688,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,FluffyBunni,"Perfect. Perfect in every way.Magnificent. Magnificent in a way no other has ever been.The last time I felt like this, was with Portal 2.It had everything. Somehow, this has more.If anything, it is 1.5 times better.It is now my favourite game. And it will stay there, for good....although, that's what I said for Portal, and look what happened!HOWEVER, it did take years, I guess.At any rate. Get it. You have never played, nor will you ever play a game like this again.Trust me. Don't make me beg... it is worth it no matter what."
,Recommended,257510,22845326,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Woody Johnson,"This game was very thought provoking.  I had a great time playing it.  The puzzles were difficult enough to stump me at times but not too often.  The wierd 'god' voice that talked to you, the womans voice from the sparkly things and the crazy computer terminal personality made for a very strange and mysterious story line that slowly emerged while sort of not so indirectly debating philosophical arguments having to do with  whether or not a conscious mind makes you a 'person'.  The talos principle is basically a big artficial intelligence thought experiment.  Game touches on many popular philosopical thought experiments like ghost in the machine, brain in a vat, AI box,  plato's cave and the chinese room.  Very very cool game to just sit back relax and play because it makes you think on multiple levels all the time.  This game rivals poossibly even surpasses portal and portal 2 in the first person puzzle shooter category that i may have just made up.  <3"
,Recommended,257510,17882479,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Rogue,"Excellent puzzle game.  If you liked mental puzzles you will likely enjoy this.  Similar to Portal in some respects, but the puzzles are less spatial and more temporal.  I recommend it.For me, the game was too long.  I suppose that is so that people feel like they are ""getting their money's worth"", but I was getting very tired of the puzzles towards the end and it will be years before I have any desire to solve a Tangram again.  I don't know how many puzzles are in the game -- at least 80-100.  I would have preferred 50.  It's a shame.  I would like to go back and get all the grey pieces, but I just can't bring myself to do it.  Maybe I'll come back in six months and be in the mood to play again.  At any rate, great game, cool ending."
,Recommended,257510,21137232,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,kostasaek21,"Everyone who liked Portal games is more than likely to like this one as well. Good story-telling, nice difficulty on the puzzles and beautiful graphics."
,Recommended,257510,16994764,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Cooz,"Game has changed the way I think about the world. The puzzles are incredibly challenging, but that feeling when you realize the solution is where the magic is."
,Recommended,257510,13438126,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,JoFu2,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 game. Don't buy if you don't like reading.
76561197994665251,Recommended,257510,17406790,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Milgrove,"Please note: I've only played the main game. I don't have the Road to Gehenna DLC yet.Folks that know me know that I have a... thing... for puzzles. So when the demo first came out for this, I grabbed it out of curiosity. And I grabbed it recently, when the opportunity presented itself. I was glad that my graphics card could handle it, because the worlds in this game are beautiful. There are plenty of things to get you ooohing and ahhing to the point where you might miss out on things here and there, whether it be something key to a puzzle, or one of the boatloads of easter eggs the devs put in this game.But let's get to the nitty-gritty here: the puzzles. Plenty of free roaming areas within the puzzle rooms, much like what was done with the Portal series, and some bonus items can only be gotten with some interaction with different puzzle rooms. Each of the puzzle rooms has a sigil as its goal, which can be used with others to unlock different areas and different objects to be used in later sections. Outside of the free roaming ability, the game also uses the idea of building on pravious puzzles, so that you don't feel too overwhelmed. Still, some of these puzzles can turn into That One Level pretty quick.The storyline you get from accessing terminals, throughout the levels, as well as getting into a pilosophical/spiritual argument with another AI. This made for a nice little twist.Replay value? Well, it's mainly going to be for getting the rest of the achievements, and maybe the variants of the multiple endings. Or just seeing how well you can speed-run through it. But on the whole, this game was a nicely delivered package and certainly fun to explore. It gets an A."
76561198007793334,Recommended,257510,27708720,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kaledvoulc'h,"Suprising find.  The puzzles are challenging but not frustratingly so, the story line is entertaining and some of the philosophical elements can be quit thought provoking at times.  Definitely a step back, think, and then recommend title."
76561198001527457,Recommended,257510,25586220,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/makarimorph,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwKKigMKF18Did a lets play on this game its so freaking cool i am very happy to havethe chance to play it!
,Recommended,257510,15307547,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,-ßЯҢ- Stinky Pete [DG],"Before I start, puzzles are mostly good, but a lot of them rely on mechanics that you wouldn't have any reason to expect are in the game, so don't be afraid to look at a guide a few times.As for the parts on the computer terminals, they're absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ One time they asked me if something ""is"" discovered, and then whether it ""is"" created, and then tells me I made a logical contradiction when I said yes to both. Never did we agree that they are mutually exclusive. Electric fields, for example, are something that we discovered, and then made our own, and the same♥♥♥♥♥♥applies to value, Croteam, you idiotic lower-div philosophist ♥♥♥♥♥.It gives you multiple choice responses to everything, which forces you to dumb your real answer down to something that sort of fits, and then they take it waaaay out of proportion. The speaker in the audio logs isn't much better; she's way too amazed about the idea of sustaining culture and creativity when everyone's dead. Yawn.They tried to make a deep game about AI, but made a big deal out of questions and problems that indicate they haven't done any research on the topic. And they love giving you little snippets of stories about ancient mythologies, and they all suck. Just click them and click back so the computer will stop annoying you.Good game, but their masturbatory ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t kept it from being great."
76561198065217012,Recommended,257510,21657341,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,embodystaves,"I haven't written a review before, so I will be brief.Even though I haven't even played a full hour of Talos Principle I already know how amazing it is. As many others have already said: take puzzles reminiscient of Portal/Portal 2 and a different story, and you have The Talos Principle. Already hooked. And being 75% off just seals the deal. Get it, and the additional content."
76561198153790018,Recommended,257510,25365233,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Aethyr,"This game has done incomprehensible things to my perception of the mental construct we call reality. At times, it cursed me with existential crises. On other occasions, it gave me reason to hope that some part of our consciousness survives material death. I understand now that the game gave me conflicting ideas about reality because I gave the terminals conflicting ideas. I learned that I am at war with myself, and the philosophy in this game has acted as a diplomat on the mental battlefield, slaying my self-contradicting logic left and right, getting deep inside my head by distracting me with insanely-fun puzzles.And I've only played it for six hours. They've been the longest, deepest six hours of my life.GodElohim knows what more this gem has in store, and how much more my world will shatter and come together.14 hours now. RIP everything I thought I believed."
76561198139496768,Recommended,257510,18334604,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,jeggelaar,Excellent game.Great graphics. Good and challenging puzzles. Interesting storyline. I hope that if what happened to the people in this game were ever to happen to us we would have the same kind of determination and ingenuity to ensure there will be a future.
,Recommended,257510,26951864,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dekke360,"Perfect for a wind-down and exploring. Great optimisation, very picturesque environments and smart puzzles."
76561198026007920,Recommended,257510,28933931,Posted: 2 January,all,tartare,"If you like portal, then you should already be playing this."
76561198263679976,Recommended,257510,20135668,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,hateforkate.468,I tought there is no such a good puzzle game like Portal.I WAS WRONG!This is one hell of a puzzle game! Totally worth the money. :)-The graphic is incredible.-The atmosphere makes me goosebumps.-I didnt finish the game yet but the story also seems good for a game like this.-Its difficult but solveable. Challenging but not annoying.I recommend it for everyone who likes puzzles. Prepare yourself! :)
,Recommended,257510,14169218,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Mayonnaise Dad,♥♥♥♥IN SICK MATE
,Recommended,257510,18033242,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Nitkovonema,"The guys Behind Serious Sam are also behind this. Yes, a puzzle game by Croteam. Is it good? Well...It got nominated for best PC game, best puzzle game and such.My own review:Damn good graphics, the Serious Engine does make stuff look pretty. Puzzles are challenging and rewarding when you finish them. If you like puzzles and nicely designed games, buy it already."
,Recommended,257510,17624650,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Capii,"This game better than you will ever imagine.. just play itPros:+Great Music+Great challenges+rich story+Beautiful level designCons:-Can't Crouch =(Overall 10/10Totally worth it!! plus there are a loooot of easter eggs, i found one from the dark side of the moon! haha so coolLook it up on my profile"
,Recommended,257510,17056437,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,infinity egg man,"really enjoyd this game. the best thing about it is that the mechanics of the puzzles are fun and very 'hands on'. in this sense, even difficult puzzles can be worked through by trying different things, without feeling like youre trying to brute force anything. lots of content, about 20 hours to do all the main puzzles, though there are still bonus hidden solutions i really havent found much of yet, so theres a lot to do if you want more after you finish."
76561197970753292,Recommended,257510,16788356,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Talzor,This is hands down the best First Person Puzzler I've played in years. The puzzles for stars is great and the story is amazing well told. It beats Portal on story and Anitchember on polish. If you liked either then go play this now!
,Recommended,257510,13955289,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Texan,"Why are we here?  Are you here?  Are you alive?  What is a person?  What is consciousness?  What is intelligence?  What is reality?  Is this game reality?  Are you a person playing a robot? Or are you a robot playing a person?  Maybe a person playing a person?  Maybe a robot playing a robot?  What is free will?  Do you always follow orders?  Do you choose your own path?  Question everything!  Trust no one but yourself!  Or can you trust yourself...10/10  Amazing Story, Amazing Puzzles. Rarely does a game come along that makes you think (and I don't mean about puzzle solutions)."
76561198018733250,Recommended,257510,13718452,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Guison,"Great game. Beautiful to look at, fun puzzles to play, what more could you ask for? A great buy."
,Recommended,257510,15271414,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,LitterboxGremlin,"I don't generally write reviews, but I had to make an exception for this. What a great experience. This game is a little like Portal except with different devices that use entirely different mechanics. Each puzzle branches out from its hub, and some of the puzzle rooms interact with each other. There are also a lot of secret collectibles to be found. Not only is the puzzle design clever and challenging, the story is fantastic. It is a rare game that tackles metaphysical philosophy like this. The only other game I can think of is Planescape Torment. There are three endings and about 30 hours worth of gameplay here. You'll want to replay things to collect every star and see different dialog outcomes. Story unfolds through your exploration rather than through cutscenes, which is a major plus in my book, and it keeps things a bit mysterious throughout. This game is worth every penny. Don't hesitate to buy it!"
,Recommended,257510,18972630,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,baby jesus,"I really liked the Talos Principle, enough to convince friends to get it and talk with them about it.The main plot puzzles that are presented to you are perfectly balanced challenge wise. If you get stuck you usually discover a solution at the exact moment you think it's impossible.The actual puzzle mechanics are perfect for your FPS viewpoint. Largely it is about finding sight lines, something directly tied to your FPS camera.What really enamormed me was how the game required you to break the rules of the game mechanically in order to get the ending that directly mapped to you to breaking the rules of the game. The solutions to these puzzles require you to basically create these puzzles yourself, which is the most satisfying a puzzle game has ever been to me.This was not a thought process some of my friends were ready for, and didn't really care enough to break rules and intead wanted to just follow a script but still see all of the content. If you play it this way you will have a bad time.accept it is not for everybody. But it was for me.The game runs incredibly well and looks great.The only down side is the wall of text about philosophy is kind of boring. This is all skippable however, so not a deal breaker."
,Recommended,257510,18344040,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Arthur_Dent_42_121,"Other games that I've played have mostly just been for their entertainment value. The dialog is usually cheerful, everything is fine, you play the game, you are entertained.Not this game. This game has a serious plot, a beginning, and an ending. You will probably not laugh. But you will be engaged, and you will be very, very thoughtful after finishing it. The puzzle aspect is astonishingly well designed. You can have a complex, impossible-looking 20-part puzzle which must be solved in a certain order, and somehow, you'll just look at it and figure it out. It's really satisfying, with arguably better level design than the portal games.Highly, highly recommended. 10/10.SPOILERS:The ending transcends the medium. It's like an Asimov book, where everything that's been hinted at is suddenly clear."
76561198076156510,Recommended,257510,17236735,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Nemo,"I highly recommend this!You can really tell the creators of this game have a passion for what they have made. The Talos Principle is immersive and rich. Normally I rush through games trying to get to the end, this game is different, I am enjoying taking my time."
76561198014368092,Recommended,257510,18804804,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Sean Slicer,"If I were a video game, I'd probably be this one.Very very similar to Soma, genre issues aside.If you like Portal and the Stanely Parable, this is the next logical conclusion."
,Recommended,257510,18931002,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Kedian,"Pros:- Suits many play styles, you can play it a one puzzle a day or power your way through an island- Multiple facets, sure the game has puzzles, but there's also several story arcs- diligence is rewarded- Simple controls, basically ASWD, jump, interact and reset- Awesome music and voice acting- Multiple endings available- A plethora of easter eggs makes you scour every inch of the “gardens” on the hunt for those gemsCons:- Loss of sleep can occur when you’re trying to wrack your brain for a solution to one of the puzzles- The Gehenna DLC endings need a little more definition- maybe some visuals (like the base game endings) would flesh this out more- Some people have difficulty with motion sickness- even after changing the motion sickness settingsWith 89 games in my steam library, it’s unusual for me to write a review- I love this game that much.  I admit I was a little skeptical when I first thought of purchasing this game as it seemed like another Portal game and I just couldn’t get into Portal that much to finish it.The puzzles within the game increase in complexity as you progress through the levels.  Some puzzles are related to others, so you’re not always working on a puzzle in isolation.  In a few cases, there are a number of different ways to solve the puzzles- it’s really up to your own creativity.The reason I kept playing was really for the story.  As you complete puzzles and visit different gardens, a story emerges as to why these puzzles exist to begin with.  The story delves into the human condition and addresses some of those philosophical questions about what is consciousness, how do you define a person and so on.In-fact, there’s a subversive character in the game that plays on those questions and challenges your character’s belief system.  The genius part is that if you choose not to take a side on the faith challenges, you’ll end-up with the only “bad” ending in the game.  Making a choice gives you a proper conclusion, whether it's good or bad is entirely up to you.In short, if you’re looking for a casual game with a lot of depth and things to keep you entertained beyond solving the puzzles, then I highly recommend this game for you."
76561198017605011,Recommended,257510,18963702,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Pong,"Beautiful game - challenging but fun.  Great story.  Probably the best ""puzzle"" game I've played, but puzzle game doesn't do it justice."
,Recommended,257510,19892839,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Boardride,"I have never been so connected to a game. This marvelous puzzle game is beautiful, peaceful, glorious, and intelligent. Everything is well thought out and everything, even down to shrubs, can have a purpose. It's incredible. It's gameplay is perfect and, thanks to the difficult of the puzzles later in the game, you will have a lot of said gameplay. I wasn't even disappointed when the game ended as I was fulfilled. This game is perfect in so many ways and easily soared to one of my favorite games ever, if not my most favorite.PS- The world inside this game is HUGE. Because of this, exploring is essential. It is needed as much of the story relies on the player going out and learning the story themselves. So if you were to get the Talos Principle, don't ever leave something unless you have search every inch of it."
76561198157559956,Recommended,257510,19324170,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Whaler,"I bought this game with high expectations, simply due to its price at the time, and how it presented itself. It has surpassed all of my expectations.The game does not force its challenges or questions on you, it leaves you to ask them yourself. Is the voice calling out to you really a god? Just because he has control over the world you exist in, does this Elohim truly exist as who you must obey?In my journey through this game, a computer terminal asked questions of me. It pointed out when I contridicted myself, and it critisized me for avoiding topics. And then, all at once, it asked me, ""Why do you wish to prove that you are human?""I did not have an answer."
,Recommended,257510,18942492,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ModernRoman,"I have played a lot of games in my relatively short life.  I hate puzzle games with a passion, and first person perspectives give me motion sickness.This is the best game I have ever played.  By a substantial margin.  The story--both the narrative itself and the storytelling techniques/style used to tell it--is absolutely phenomenal.  Perhaps more importantly, it tells a story that inherently could only be told through a video game.  Combined with the optional third-person perspective that allows me to actually play it for more than 10 minutes at a time, even my hatred for the puzzle game genre is insufficient to turn me off of this game.  (And who knows?  You might even learn something.)11/10."
,Recommended,257510,25455643,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Gunni,"I got insanely hooked on it and almost binged it in one run, but alas, it was not to be, 18 hours later, i stopped, after finishing only maybe 50-75% of the game.....Lots of content!Slightly repetetive..Nice story!!!"
,Recommended,257510,19600373,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Naughty Moose,"I've never been so confused and I'm loving it! At it's core it's a fairly standard puzzle game, but the story, visuals and music make it a really unique experience. I honestly have no idea what's going on and it's still enjoyable and not the least bit frustrating."
76561198013653965,Recommended,257510,22076405,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,DeliveryMan311,Really fun and original puzzle solver. This game also has a sense of wit and humor the adds a great deal to the depth of the game.
,Recommended,257510,27803613,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Luk_333,"This is a game that succeeds on multiple levels. It uses basic puzzle elements, but it pushes them to their limits. The main story is not too challenging, but if you want to get all the stars [optional challenge], this game will blossom into an outstanding and very satisfying puzzle. Finding and solving some of them will make you feel like a small god, especially after thinking for dozens of minutes of how you could solve it.The standard puzzle elements would make for a great puzzle game, but The Talos Priciple is elevated by it's story to great game status. The story will make you reflect not only on the game world, but also your own life and the ever-closer future of A.I.. Like the puzzles, there are different layers to the story and making the most of it requires a time investment.The presentation of the game is beautiful, both visually and musically, combining into a believable and tranquil world. A year after playing it for the first time, the music still transports me to that place and I can feel the calm and warmth of the video game world.The Talos Principle is an outstanding video game in which the mechanics, story, graphics and music come perfectly together to create one of the best games ever made."
76561197969386210,Recommended,257510,15296376,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Auron,"Amazing game, enjoyed every minute of it. Feel mildly guilty for getting it when it was half price. If you enjoy puzzles mixed in with a heavy dose of philosophy and absurdly tall towers, then this game is for you. Beautifully written, designed, rendered and voice acted. 10/10 would buy again."
76561198000682326,Recommended,257510,21625298,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Provencal le Gaulois,"Critically acclaimed, puzzle game, based on the assets and engine from Serious Sam 3. That's all that I knew when I jumped into the game.My conclusion after finishing it is... that it's one of the best puzzle game ever.It's surprising because at the very beginning it felt like a simple and quite weird title. It feels like a mod, it's not particularly pretty or impressive in any technical way. But the developers were obviously in love with the project and made on of the most ""perfect"" game out there, and by perfect I don't mean that it's better than any other games but that it succeeded in everything it tried to be, everything that the devs put into it. And it's obviously easier when it's not a ""huge complicated immersive open world RPG"" but just a first person puzzle game.The core of the game is the puzzles, you use and place objects to get to a key that will help unlocking the future puzzles until the final one. And the mechanics are straightforward, a hacking tool that you place to deactivate an item, for exemple to open doors or immobilize dangerous ""bomb bots"" (lets call them that), a good old fashion box, a tool that helps you connect beam emitters to their receptors by directing the beam. Then later, fans to make objects move or float, recorders that splits you in two characters by recording your action during am interval, a plate that makes you a moving platform for this other you after you split. It might seem a bit complicated but those mechanics are introduced very slowly throughout the game and every single idea about how to use them is intuitively hinted in the puzzle. And it would be hard to make puzzles more intuitive than in this game, without taking your hand and removing the fun of solving it yourself. The game never explain something directly, but everything is though to help you figure it out, with the level design.So that's it then, great mechanics introduced perfectly make this a great puzzle game ! Yeah, if you succeed at making the game deep enough (that also mean long enough) and interesting in more than one aspect to make you entertained and keep the fun alive.That's the other big success of The Talos Principle, it's at least 15 to 20 hours long to make a near 100% run and I did not get bored. The game is challenging at some time, I'm happy that I finished it without any help, it's rewarding. But even when puzzle were a bit easy, hold on ""shift"" and speed run the puzzle like a champ. It's also rewarding to finish a puzzle game very quickly, that crazy sprint might seem like too much at the beginning but it's perfect once you master some mechanics to keep your actions almost as fast as your brain.Now, the mood of the game, while sublime graphical effects and an insane soundtrack might sound great, it would actually have distracted the player while he is solving puzzle. So the graphics feels simple, the music is calm, peaceful and quiet enough. The only distractions you have are between the puzzles, a character is talking to you from above (how original) and lead the scenario progression, the lore of the game is perfectly fit for its gameplay, there is audio logs to play and background text to read. Oh no, I'm not a fan of reading in a game, it makes me really bored and kills the mood and immersion in a game for me, I'm probably gonna miss out the whole lore by ignoring those text. Well, that's what I though, but ""Nay"" is the answer to that. It's well written, really fascinating for most of them and each is short enough so that you know you will finish reading each of them in no time. Rarely in a game I've been that much into the texts documents.It's also thanks to the lore of the game that, while it has almost no character arcs or great details about a fantastic world you'll want to live in, is making you think a lot about ourselves. Ok, I'm sure people found those subjects and reflections very arrogant and pretentious, but if you really are curious about it, forget your boring high school philosophical classes and make yourself think and answer those subjects, it IS interesting and greatly introduced into the experience. You will start dialogs with the game you would not even believe. And so what we get from all this is a fully realized experience, with at is core a puzzle game for sure, but also an identity. It is the sort of game you could hardly imagine a sequel, it already is enough to himself.I will say this, I always had this thinking that to many developers don't realize all of what a game can be, and focus too much on certains obvious qualities that a game should have, while forgetting so many others. Few games are great in so many aspects and also take a chance at having something to say. And it is this kind of experience that you will remember."
,Recommended,257510,17411110,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Zayde Sithon,"In terms of structure it reminds me of Portal (you solve puzzles and they're each contained in their own room) but in atmosphere it reminds me much more of Myst. Alone and isolated, you have just the occasional mysterious voice or text program to communicate with. Everything else are scraps of the past you have to find and piece together which helps build into the atmosphere of exploring not just ruins but history. It's a game about making you think, not just about how to solve puzzles but about the very essence of existence.Some of the puzzles are frustratingly difficult because of the lack of any explanation of the puzzle tools and finding most of the gold stars are just unfair, with a good number of them relying less on logic and more on hiding the puzzle pieces under the sofa where you'll never find them. That said, the gold stars are optional (except for us OCD 100%ers) and I rarely ran into a manadory puzzle I couldn't solve. I just needed to leave it for awhile and come back later with a fresh perspective. Part of it is probably because I read a few reviews of the games that mentioned a few of the quirkier mechanics that would be hard to figure out on your own.Overall, I greatly enjoyed the story and the puzzles and would recommend it to anyone looking for a thoughtful, slow-paced, thinking game with a great atmosphere."
,Recommended,257510,21650085,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DJ McMayhem,"TL;DR There are not enough words to describe how much I love this game. This game is perfection is nearly every aspect, and IMO joins the highest echelon of PC gaming along with masterpieces such as portal and Bioshock. Everyone loves to compare this game to portal (for good reasons) and this feels like sacrilege to say, but this game is easily as good as portal, if not possibly even better.Detailed review:Graphics:9/10 You'll never see this game on the ""Top 5 most graphically intensive games of all time lists"", but it's still very visually impressive. At least several dozen times throughout the game, I had to pause and set my controller down just to marvel at the scenery. Lots of beautiful backdrops.Story:10/10 Incredible story in many different ways. The backstory was very interesting and original. I won't spoil it for you, but it was very thought provoking as it was slowly revealed throughout the various texts and audio logs how you end up in this world. The main plot had very heavy religious overtones. You wake up in a garden, and a voice from the skies tells you that he placed you there to serve him well and he will grant you eternal life. As long as you don't eat of the forbidden fruit in the middle of the garden. Then the deceiver comes and challenges all of your preconceptions about the world and dares you to disobey your God. Even if you have no religious background, this is very clearly an allegory of Genesis. One other thing about the plot that I thought was interesting was the countless easter eggs in the game that all made sense in universe.Sound:9/10 Great sound track. The pacing of the music was nicely timed so that the emotion would build as you progress through the puzzles, and it nicely mirrored how involved I was in solving the puzzles.Technical:10/10 Linux support. Mac support.  Full controller support. TONS of graphical options. Absolutely no bugs. Some people complained about motion sickness, so if your sensitive to that be careful, but they also have plenty of options for motion sickness, such as player speed, camera bob amount and optional 3rd person camera. Runs nicely on my beastly gaming rig, runs nicely on a potato. I actually first played it on my friends 09 crapbook, so I'm speaking from experience on that one. (Not hating on Mac, just hating on THIS mac in particular)Gameplay:10/10 Incredibly fun. None of the mechanics are grounbreaking or original. In fact, most of the mechanics are over used and clichéd in puzzle games. E.g. lasers, boxes and interacting with your past self. What made the gameplay really amazing was the fantastic level design and pacing. The puzzles started out fairly easy, but quickly got incredibly hard. Yet even with the really hard puzzles, I solved every one without and guide. Also, plenty here for completionists, with the 4 endings, the extra and hidden puzzles, and more easter eggs than I can count.Overall:10/10 Stop reading reviews, and go buy this game!"
,Recommended,257510,21598619,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,MechaMarxOfMars,"Brilliant and a work of art!Let me warn you. Don't look up anything about this game, don't look at screenshots, and don't even watch the trailers if you want to appreciate it fully, because this is game that is to me, most appreciated if you can immerse yourself in it as much as possible and simply view it as a completely brand new world.The main gameplay, as a first person puzzle game, has the general feel of a portal game, with a couple of overlapping mechanics that will immediately seem reminiscent of portal, while other puzzle mechanics are totally different. Unlike in Portal, you don't solve the puzzles in any fixed order. While there is a general order of progression, you can explore, and it's a much bigger world than that which is presented in Portal 2.The worlds are gorgeous, and the puzzles are for the most part, well designed. There are a few that really stood out in my mind.But where this game really shines, is the narrative. The in-game text and story combine to touch upon themes related to artificial intelligence, consciousness, transhumanism, and our purpose, and provide the player with a mystery to motivate their journey. Immerse yourself in the world, and try to solve every puzzle, and explore each world thoroughly, you'll be forced to look for solutions you wouldn't expect, and in between puzzles, there is a lot of text to read. Much of it may seem disconnected from the main story line, but it adds flavor to in-game world, and more importantly it's connected to its purpose."
76561197994544266,Recommended,257510,16730926,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Grizzly Ted,"If you're a fan of puzzle solving games, then buy this game... now.Dont think twice about it, it's one of the best, maybe even thee best.Really gets you thinking and it's so fun and rewarding when you finally figure how to solve some of the harder levels, and you dont have to wait long to get to those harder levels.There is a little more to just puzzle solving, no spoilers though."
76561198023750528,Recommended,257510,21843628,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,invivid,"Deep game with strong AI/philosophy themes.There is around 120 puzzles to sovle, increasing in difficulty as the game progresses.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,21829776,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,SPHERICAL,"Let me just start out by saying that I am not very good at first person puzzle games, nor would I say they are my favorite format of gameplay. However, The Talos Principle is one of the best games I have ever played. Ever. The puzzles provide a challenge with very satisfying results, and the storyline and philosophical undertones make this game to die for. I played with an intense craving to know what came next, and I was constantly racking my brain over every detail this game had to offer. The music and scenery is beautiful and you can really tell the developers put a lot of time and effort into every little thing. I felt like I was ripping them off when I bought this game on sale for $10, it's just that good."
76561197989058837,Recommended,257510,21672326,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Johnman,"EDIT: After finishing the game and the DLC I wish I could review it twice, or three times. It's great. One of the best games I've ever played. The world feels so well fleshed out it's amazing. And the gameplay is great, both aspects keep you going. I would keep playing forever.I estimate I'm two thirds along the way. This is a great puzzle game. Almost as good as Portal 2. The puzzles are varied and well balanced (although they can get tedious at times if you rush the game like I'm doing - I really want to get more story), and the story is delivered at a good pace.The story itself is well written, engaging and interesting. You will probably figure out what's going on halfway through the game, but there are enough open possibilities that you'll still want to explore further in order to confirm your theories.And speaking of exploration. There is quite a bit of hidden content in here, both regarding pure wandering and ingenious puzzle solving. I'm going to get the DLC as soon as I finish it. I love it."
,Recommended,257510,21296679,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,SorteKanin,"Overall rating: 10/10Pros:- Amazing thoughtprovoking story with a great feel of mystery.- Difficult and inventive puzzles.- Many different puzzle elements.- Great soundtrack.- Stunningly beautiful scenery.- Interesting dialogue options that affects the story.- Multiple endings, all achievable in one save by reloading.- Cool easter eggs throughout the game.Cons:- Quite a bit of reading is required to follow the story and the philosophy of the game.This is, so far, my favourite game of all time. I can literally not think of any other problems with this game apart from the fact that some patience with reading is required to follow the story. Aside from that, this game is a full-blown masterpiece.The story is thoughtprovoking, mysterious and innovative. It's best to experience it yourself but I can say that it was very difficult for me to stop playing this to go to sleep; I wanted to continue all night just to continue the story!The puzzles are numerous and difficult. The game has many puzzle elements, unlike for example Portal which only has a couple like buttons and portals. This makes the puzzles very difficult but satisfying to solve.The scenery of the game is beautiful. Ancient ruins in the mix of flowing fields of grass and trees makes for some nice eye-candy throughout the game. The soundtrack accompanies the scenery nicely and has a mysterious feel similar to the story.The dialogue options can sometimes leave you baffled with what to say. Expect serious existential questions that may leave you thinking for minutes. The dialogue also affects the course of the game somewhat, although there is not much influence on the actual endings. Multiple endings makes up for this fine though.The game also has a plethora of easter eggs, all of them pretty difficult to find. Happy hunting!The game tells the story by old documents, leaving you to piece together what has happened. For me, this was very exciting and I always craved the next piece in the grand puzzle of the story. I can imagine though, that reading this much can be tedious or boring for other players. I would highly recommend reading the documents anyway, since it is an integral part to the whole experience. It might take a bit for the story to hook you. The puzzles could still entertain a puzzle enthusiast though, without the story.All in all, an excellent game. I'd recommend it to anyone with a minimal amount of patience to read the story pieces."
76561198030673323,Recommended,257510,25570431,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Beelzebub666,"Excellent puzzles and nice story behind it. A must play if you like portal, philosophy or both."
76561198058629286,Recommended,257510,15646435,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Obliviator369,"Awesome game. If you like puzzle games, and a cool story, you'll love this."
76561198011398590,Recommended,257510,25514950,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Mountebank,"Puzzles are good. Story is fine, but the writers put some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing about that the idea that conservation of energy in the universe is violated if consciousness exists outside of physics; a horribly misinformed rediculous proposition."
,Recommended,257510,15333628,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Nicuvëo,That game is incredible. A nice puzzle game with an incredible atmosphere and an interesting backstory. A must play.
,Recommended,257510,25434378,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Spight,Great puzzle mechanics. The narrative component isn't bad either.
76561197972173757,Recommended,257510,25435026,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,solemn_shade,"The Talos Principle is a first-person puzzle game similar to Portal. If you liked Portal, you will love The Talos Principle. Heck, you might love this game even if you didn't like Portal.At the time of writing this, I have only played a few hours, but I already love this game. The graphics, music and plot create a peaceful, mysterious, foreboding atmosphere that draws you in and makes you feel like you are actually on the warm, Mediterranean islands on which this game (at least the early part of it) takes place.The puzzles so far consist of interacting with, moving, or avoiding objects in order traverse a room and reach the key at the end. This game has an element of exploration and secrets to be discovered."
,Recommended,257510,25435225,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,setablaze777,"This is easily one of the best games I've ever played. Not only is the game itself beautiful, the story and is amazing too. Highly recomend if you at all liked Portal or Myst type games."
,Recommended,257510,13835683,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Skydiver,Buy it.
76561197996795109,Recommended,257510,25422627,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Spyykke,A puzzle game well worth it's critical acclaim. A must own for genre enthusiasts and a highly recommended title for those with even a slight interest.
76561197984675656,Recommended,257510,17156734,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,sheepy_121,"Take portal, add in massivly epic storyline, amazing graphics, lots of easter eggs, mutiple possible endings and in game content that will make you question what is real. 10/10 Best game I have played in years."
76561198134565642,Recommended,257510,19179634,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,velkito,"""You know, the more I think about it, the more I believe that no-one is actually worried about AI taking over the world or anything like that, no matter what they say. What they're really worried about is that someone might prove, once and for all, that consciousness can arise from matter. And I kind of understand why they find it so terrifying. If we can create a sentient being, where does that leave the soul? Without mystery, how can we see ourselves as anything other than machines? And if we are machines, what hope do we have that death is not the end?What really scares people is not the artificial intelligence in the computer, but the ""natural"" intelligence they see in the mirror.""It really is as good as reviews say. I just hope it's not gonna spoil Portal/Portal 2 for me for when I eventually some day get to them."
,Recommended,257510,18200885,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,gebagia,One of the most original and well implemented ideas. 25 hours of pure entertainment!10/10
,Recommended,257510,15266036,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,fraxyl,Pretty damn good puzzle game. If you like Portal it's quite likely you'll enjoy this.
,Recommended,257510,20054580,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,James Marvel,"First time a game is so good I'm compelled to come and write a review for it. This is absolutely phenomonal.If you're at all a gamer, you have to play this. It's quite simple as that."
,Recommended,257510,20056119,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Arkyn,Awesome game. Great value for the money. 19 hours on a single playthrough and a wealth of other options to explore story-wise.
,Recommended,257510,25295697,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Big Ben,One of the most moving things I've ever played.I tried and failed twice before mostly because I was unwilling to deal with the subject matter it was truly discussing but after forcing myself through I came through a better person. So moved was I tears came down my face.The Talos Principle is a puzzle game but it's thematic core is a deeply humanistic philosophy that we all can learn from. This game doesn't preach from the pulpit or beat you over the head with propaganda. It merely presents it's case and encourages you to move forward; something only truly great works can do.I won't spoil the game or the philosophy for you; that you must experience for yourself. All I can really say is that I found it challenging and deeply moving. Something many games can only begin to try and do.I also totally voted for this game in the Steam Awards.
76561198047355057,Recommended,257510,13385822,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,SpiderWhisky,"While somewhat expensive for what it is, I truly haven't had this much fun with a puzzler game like this since the original portal.  The originality and storyline are superb, albeit it only becomes evident in the last third of the game.  If you enjoy brain teasers, this game will not disappoint.  While the majority of the puzzles are fairly easy to figure out, the variety therin is a joy to work through.  The game left me with a satisfaction of completion, but tends to shine most near the end with the tower puzzles.  I look forward to many DLC's that explore more of this universe, plus the potential for user created maps.  For anyone that enjoys atmospheric puzzlers, I would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,257510,26901494,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Llyagushen,Good puzzle game with a thoughtful story.
,Recommended,257510,13438603,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,chukhanin,Easily qualifies as one of the best games of 2014. Do not miss it.
,Recommended,257510,16815556,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Pogopuschel,Great puzzle game. I recommend it to everyone who likes puzzles! The philosophic part is sometimes a bit much but a nice addition IMHO.
,Recommended,257510,19424223,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Vlidi,"L'un des plus intelligents puzzle-game auquel il m'ait été donné de jouer. Que ce soit de par son histoire philosophique qui n'est jamais envahissante, toujours juste et subtile, de par ses nombreux puzzles à la difficulté progressive et aux solutions variées, à sa musique envoutante, tout nous pousse à aller jusqu'au bout et à découvrir tous les mystères que les développeurs ont semés. Si vous aimez un tant soi peu les puzzle game et la philosophie, ne passez pas à côté de ce jeu."
,Recommended,257510,32698238,Posted: 23 June,all,Meralath,"While playing this game, in every second, i  questioned myself, my existance, the reality and the things that are not real.It was a great experience from the beginning to the end. Tbh i am not a huge puzzle stuff fan but the story of this one, oh boy, captured me from the start. Elohim's voice, The story of the QR codes, the turing test with the computer, the jouney to the summit of the tower....The graphics were top notch. And even with the glamorous atmosphere the gameplay was fluid. Not even mentioning the epic soundtracks."
,Recommended,257510,13619146,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,scatchman,"This game shocked me with it's philosophy, because I am really into it, and I thought very little amount of people think about it at all. The puzzles are great too, but i really have my mind blown now."
,Recommended,257510,32598541,Posted: 20 June,all,Deeper-Deep,After solving an puzzle i feel like the smartest guy in the world then i realize i am nothing   11/10
76561198032670865,Recommended,257510,17235341,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Sauer the Kraut,"Nice Puzzle game, with a very interesting religion based story."
,Recommended,257510,16939061,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Gates,"Seriously one of the best games I've ever played. I started playing this game in Dec, and was super impressed with the amount of puzzles and their ability to scale so well in difficulty. This game makes you think, challenges your mind, and does it all in amazingly beautiful environments. After completing the game the first time I took it upon myself to find new ways to solve puzzles, and helped form a community of speedrunners for the game. I have spent hours at each puzzle, just tinkering with the mechanics, and I can honestly say I enjoyed every minute of it.Do yourself a favor and pick up a copy of this game. If you like Portal, or any other puzzler for that matter, I can promise you'll enjoy it.10/10, I wish I could experience this game for the first time again."
76561198054783365,Recommended,257510,31323687,Posted: 23 April,all,Skullmaster5000,"Talos Prinicple is probably the best, most engaging, and most challenging puzzle game I've played. And the storyline is thought provoking in its own right. Overall, I like this game better than Portal and Braid (and I loved those games).10/10"
76561198047541553,Recommended,257510,32907019,Posted: 27 June,all,mysimpletoon,like portal 2 without a portal gun
76561198015623469,Recommended,257510,22521867,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Xinogage,Buy this game. Play this game. Enjoy the game. Pass on your knowledge to those after you. Life is then complete.The puzzles are creative and require some serious outside the box thinking. This has been the best game I've played since Portal 2. Get it. Get it now. Get all stars. Get all 3 endings. Solve all sigils!
,Recommended,257510,17594734,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,eltee,"(10/10)The thinking droids portal.Pretty much 3D first person puzzle platforming perfected.  I had no idea what I was expecting from a croteam side project but holy damn this was *not* it, and I'm thrilled."
76561198192575015,Recommended,257510,21924180,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,estiny,Great puzzle game.
76561198013562031,Recommended,257510,25730589,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,J-Devil_3,"this game touches on major philosophic issues, the gameplay is supperb, the puzzles are challenging. Your choices are biblical and the overall experience is epic, challenging and even thrilling at some points.the mechanics are flawless and the minor details and sound effects make it surreal10/10 would recommend and would replay"
76561198088049966,Recommended,257510,28921649,Posted: 1 January,all,Chris Wizzudz,"All I can say is WHAT A GEM THIS GAME IS! Masterfully created and told, with plenty of challenging puzzles that get harder and harder as you progress. There are multiple endings, so it's really up to you to decide how the game ends. If you're looking for a fun, challenging puzzle game, THIS IS IT."
,Recommended,257510,26620789,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Ganso,"If you like Portal or like questioning religious and human existence, you will definitely like this game!This game has more than a hundred challenging and fun puzzles and an interesting subtle back story, which you may ignore if you would like. The well designed puzzles are worth the money."
,Recommended,257510,30183850,Posted: 25 February,all,Fuchs,"The Talos Principle is one of few games that actually does everything it aims to accomplish smoothly and without flaw. The game offers a variety of well-thought out, creative, and well-tested puzzles while still offering the player amazing visuals and a compelling story and because of this, The Talos Principle merits my highest possible recommendation for being one of the best games of all time.One of the most commendable features of The Talos Principle is its constant stream of content and variety that it brings to the player. The game consistently offers the player a new tool to play with and incorporates it seamlessly into the puzzles without breaking the steady difficulty curve that the game embodies. This keeps the game fresh and entertaining at any given point while also pushing the player to think harder to combine all the tools they are given. Furthermore, the game pushes interesting and changing environments to the player.Overall, the story is impeccable, insightful and brings the player to ponder transcendental questions that are not part of everyday thought. Visually, the game can be rather breathtaking and is definitely aesthetically appealing for a game centered around puzzle solving. The puzzles themselves often require significant thought and are incredibly satisfying to solve.I have very few complaints regarding the game, although there are a few particular puzzles that are mildly aggravating. I didn't particularly enjoy the puzzles that involved dodging around mines at the right time, but nonetheless, these puzzles offered some variation from the others. Furthermore, star objectives (secret tokens hidden around the levels) were sometimes too difficult or resulted in using a rather cheap tactic in order to locate. The result of this was a need to consult a guide rather than discovering their locations on my own.The Talos Principle is beyond a doubt my favorite game of all time and I would recommend it to anyone willing to put aside the time to play through it.Also worth mentioning is the DLC, Road to Gehenna, which offered an interesting take by alleviating the isolation originally felt by the player in the base game, but didn't quite live up to the expectations of the original game. It's definitely worth playing through, although it would be unreasonable to compare it to the original game."
,Recommended,257510,21827451,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Ossia,"This game feels like it was made specifically for me, like they somehow knew exactly which elements to include to give me a great sense of satisfaction in playing. Philosophy? Check. Puzzles? Check. Secrets? Absolutely. Multiple endings? Yup.Story-wise, the game ends up leaving you with more questions than answers, but that just means the writers did exactly what they set out to do. The background is incredibly interesting, but exploring it in detail would serve against the main plot. As it stands, the player gets a taste of chilling mystery, but a full helping of character development.The visuals and music fit the story perfectly. Puzzle games don't need to be so good-looking to meet their goals, but this one is gorgeous. The only downside to this is that occasionally the details make it less obvious which elements are relevant to the puzzle. Still, I got a real sense that I was actually exploring a strange new environment rather than only solving puzzles.Finally, gameplay. None of the puzzles were infuriatingly frustrating. There were challenging levels, sure, but none seemed unfair. I did miss out on one specific mechanic for a little while; you can place blocks on bombs. Either I didn't catch the hook for that mechanic, or it was never explained at all. I got blown up by a cluster of bombs about ten times before I realized what I was actually supposed to do. The important part was that I did figure it out, and without a walkthrough. Like the big voice says, if you don't get a puzzle now, come back to it later. The last puzzle's a doozy though.Last words: Buy this game. I haven't had this much satisfaction in beating a game in a while. I can't wait to forget about it for a while and come back to it again after I've forgotten how to solve the bulk of the puzzles."
76561197993286441,Recommended,257510,26041966,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,greema,"Incredible atmosphere, puzzles that build upon each other.  Clear influences from Portal and even Myst.  I was surprised how much was in the game once I started digging.  The puzzles never get insurmountable, even at their most challenging.  So many moments within the game that were surprising and satisfying.  A great underlying story that slowly reveals itself.  I have only good things to say about this awesome experience.  Visually gorgeous, and great dynamic musical score."
,Recommended,257510,32932072,Posted: 28 June,all,Nixel,"There's really nothing bad I can say about this game.It has clever puzzles, a great story, stunning visuals (occasionally, I just stopped with the puzzles to enjoy the scenery!), and it even has achievements, trading cards and a LEVEL EDITOR with workshop!Ok, the price might look a bit high, but it's absolutely worth it! And you could always wait for a sale, this game often goes 75% off during those."
76561198046728811,Recommended,257510,13739847,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ENAI_Delight,"(This review is based on about ten hours of gameplay, which (I would estimate) is roughly half of the game)Croteam has managed to make a puzzler that is not only great, but stands out as one of the best games in its genre from the last few years.The idea of the game is both very simple and very challenging. The Talos Principle is a philosophical puzzle game, something that you don't get to experience that often. The game starts with you in a maze, only knowing what a mysterious voice talking to you is saying (which is not at all helpful). As you get through the first few basic puzzles, the game's scale really starts to show itself.The gameplay of The Talos Principle consists of mainly two things. The first are the puzzles. Organized in small sets, the puzzles are about getting to the end of a maze with the tools you are provided with (this includes boxes, lasers and more) that unlock as you progress through the game. Although the puzzles all have a very similar concept, they still feel different enough that they don't get old too fast, something that the new unlockable gadgets also help with.In addition to the linear puzzle progression there is one bigger problem to solve in the game: The ""Where the hell am I and what the hell is happening?"". This is where the philosophical aspect kicks in. During the game you encounter numerous terminals that provide insight into the world. This information can be anything from a memo to an excerpt from an ancient text, and often the only common thing between them is that they deal with humanity, life and/or the game world. The game does have some fixed ""story progression"" moments but for the most part you are given free hands to interpret all the information yourself. It can be confusing and frustrating, but keep calm, there is no need to understand absolutely everything, or even anything, to make progress. The subjects that the game is about (humanity etc.) give it its unusual atmosphere and its deepest content, but are not key in the pure gameplay.Feature roundup:Pros (+)+ Puzzles are different enough, and really well designed+ The philosophical nature of the game is unique and well carried out+ Graphics are somewhere between really good and gorgeous+ The game's engine is well optimized, and the game runs on most computers+ There is a setting for every detail you can think of and a few more+ Moddable+ Atmospheric soundtrack is really repetitive but fits the setting perfectly+ Some absolutely devilish bonus puzzles that force you to think far outside the box, sometimes literallyCons (-)- Puzzles are not THAT varied- Environments are not that varied (although well designed)- If you are not interested in philosophical questions, you're left with just a good puzzle gameAll in all, The Talos Principle is a very unique game that is perfect for anyone who likes puzzlers or slow paced exploring games. Paying full price might seem risky, but both the quality and quantity of content you receive justify it.Mostly resembles: Portal, Myst, Gone HomeVerdict: Very good, if not excellent"
,Recommended,257510,21948822,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Nyoraia,Great puzzle game and it makes you think too.
76561197973694731,Recommended,257510,32661988,Posted: 22 June,all,RetroGamingFool,"This is one of the most well thought-out puzzle games I've ever experienced. Great controls, stunning presentation, interesting story, excellent music, everything about this game impressed me. If you enjoyed games like PORTAL, BRAID, THE SWAPPER, THE STANLEY PARABLE, this game is a must play!"
,Recommended,257510,20655735,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Simon Maid,"The combination of science fiction and classic, robots to explore the ancient ruins of future technology, perfect quality, has an ambitious epic music, a great experience, but unfortunately it is a single player game, if you like Portal 2 played with friends even more perfect.yes,the nice music.http://steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/Music%20Kit%20%7C%20Damjan%20Mravunac%2C%20The%20Talos%20Principlehttp://steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/StatTrak%E2%84%A2%20Music%20Kit%20%7C%20Damjan%20Mravunac%2C%20The%20Talos%20Principle10/10"
,Recommended,257510,20414071,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Cybertroy,10/10 would think about the value of consciousness and existence.
,Recommended,257510,14229306,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,salekseychick,Best puzzle game since Portal. In some ways even exceeding it! Played well into late night unable to leave - it is that engaging.
,Recommended,257510,28144381,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Очень приятнa,"Very nicely done. Similar to Portal series, with spots where you have to solve a problem to get a reward, but with more puzzles and, on average, slightly harder.Rejoice yourself with interesting philosophical monologues about the pointlessness of life and moral dialogues with ""the serpent"", and follow the leads - or not - of your creator (who talks to you), wich makes a clear reference to the old testament.If you like puzzle type games, this is a must.Interesting background story.Great sounds.Easy and complicated puzzles to all tastes.Philosophical conversations.10/10."
,Recommended,257510,20885861,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,nex,I enjoyed this game a lot more than I thought I would. There is an impressive amount of detail and everything just feels right.
76561198011088957,Recommended,257510,17573116,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Pika sk,"This game...wow, its so danm good! 9.5/10."
76561198081839706,Recommended,257510,21068447,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,crooked,"this is one of the best games i've ever played, i mean, you are constantly being tested not only on the puzzles but in what you believe and it questions your on sense of knowing and being a person i don't know why more peope don't know about this game"
,Recommended,257510,21023328,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mark,"On par with Portal 2 for me as a puzzle game... but please, don't be confused and think this is 'just another portal game'. Far from it. It's not even.The game play revolves around you trying to figure out who you are, why you are there and completing tasks to gain enlightenment from ... well, yeah. You'll have to play to find that stuff out really.The graphics are simple from the outset, and there is a reason for that. Your game isn't is broken when you see glitches. There are spoilers everywhere, and you'll need to find the references in the game to fully understand, and beat the game.It has a really nice philosophy aspect to it that may not appeal to everyone, but go in with an open mind and you could become an enlightened, child.At 75% off, it's a steal."
76561198023599159,Recommended,257510,20991056,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,gray524,"Philosophy, ancient history, comparative religions, ambient soundscapes, mind-bending puzzles, gorgeous scenics, and homicidal droids all combine in this entrancing game."
76561197971200577,Recommended,257510,20884299,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Holo,"Puzzles are easy and progressively get harder, or at least they can appear harder. However, after a scout around each level, you soon realise they are in fact, all relatively simple. Holding out until you manage to complete one that is not so obvious at first, can be very rewarding.Still, I think the end should have a Highlander ending, where all the robots waste each other until there is only one left to continue with whatever path you choose."
,Recommended,257510,18022405,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,HijackedBrain,"SHORT REVIEW, SPOILER FREEPLUS:- theSTORYfilled with religious/philosophical content. It is delivered by plan (well written) text file, and dialog on old fashioned terminals. But it is also completly OPTIONAL, you can do the whole game without reading a single line of the story. It is always nice to have the option to skip the part that some people could find ""boring""/""too complicated"". But I bet you, once you start reading those txt files, you will not stop. I've never read some deep philosophical/religious stuff in video games yet, the most thrilling parts of the story (IMO) being interactive.. but you know, no spoilers-GRAPHICS. this game is powered by the serious engine. Meaning it has TONS of graphic options. You can decrease the graphics and run the game on your old grandma laptop, or increase them to the max with 3D 8K downsampled ultra doritos. But don't mess with it too much or you might end up tweaking settings you have no idea what they are for, and doing so decrease your performance. All technical stuff aside, it also looks great from an ""artistic point of view"". The visual ambience is all coherent, refined. The environment really feels alive when wandering around those trees, hearing the birds cheep, etc-LIFETIME. If you listen to the story you'll easily find that there are multiple endings. I would say you can beat the game around 20 hours if you're going for the ""short/easy ending"". But damn, if you choose to complete this game, to do every sigil, every endings, you're in for at least 35/40 hours. This is not including the next point- There is a massive amount ofEASTER EGGSin this game, at least one for each level. And if you want to  find them all. Be warned finding those eggs is probably the hardest thing in the game. For example, there is one which took me 4/5 hours to complete.... Yes they're that hard/hidden. But also incredibly fun and rewarding (for the most part).- thePUZZLESare well balanced, easy ones being at the beginning of the games, and hard ones at the end. As you resolve puzzles you'll learn to recognize some patterns. And when you think you have finally mastered the game, it will throw a new mechanics at you. Also the game is constructed in a way, that you don't need to resolve every puzzle to finish the game. So if you're stuck, just move to the next puzzle.MINUS:- TheMUSICis not all that bad. It is consistent. But considering you might end up listening a single track for hours straight, it can get irritating.... Althought the music in itself is great. I just put it in the minus section for it to not be empty :).Overall: If you like puzzle games, go for it. Puzzles in this game are amazing. But do know that this game is story/reading heavy, you'll end up reading thousands of plan text lines. No cutscenes, barely any dialogs, just text. Also this game contains a lot of dialog discrediting/glorifying religion, questionning the meaning of life, mankind, what is a soul, does it exist? So yeah, if you have a problem with that, first, get your sh*t together, once it's done go play this game. If you still can't stand discussions about those topics...  maybe pass on this game, or just skip the whole story (but what a loss it would be).ROAD TO GEHENNA DLC- thePUZZLESare still good, difficuly stepped up from the main game (yet again !) last ones are really REALLY challenging. It should last between 8 to 20 hours for completion- thestory is still nailed and philosophical. Although if the main game was about life, and religion. This dlc focus more on death and after life (enhance the title). So yeah it's getting pretty dark and depressive by some times."
,Recommended,257510,15237997,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Ode To Joy,"I'm positively overwhelmed. I like the puzzles, they are challenging, but fair. I like the absense of hand holding when solving them (unlike in the abomination of The Portal 2 where you virtually had signs on the walls ""put the portal here dummy)I like the dialogue and overall setting. It's kind of thought provoking (even though sometimes It feels like your vis-a-vis is cheating).I would recommend this game to everyone who likes puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,28055730,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bak2Gaming,One of the best puzzle games out there with astounding visuals and weird plot.
,Recommended,257510,20959534,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Jogui,"Absolutely incredible. Just buy it, really, absolutely incredible. One of the best narratives i have ever seen."
76561198106845360,Recommended,257510,19367608,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Bot Trash,"This is hands down the best first-person puzzle game I have ever played.Aside from the very well designed and often difficicult puzzles, the story really makes you think long an hard.Every location is absolutely beautiful.THE VOICE ACTRESS FOR ALEXANDRA DRENNEN OMG!"
,Recommended,257510,21175126,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Vladuken,6.768512424112431 of 10
76561197977818991,Recommended,257510,22172487,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,=(e)= RED_WOLF5652,"This game is extremely fun for me. I enjoy the puzzles, the immersive and entrancing environments, and most of all, the wealth of philosophic, logical, and theological dialogue this game opens up for the player. This is a very headdy game, and I really appreciate it.It's decently lengthy, but I wish the game was longer and bigger, because I really am enjoying the immersion."
,Recommended,257510,21823137,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,redhell,Absolutely fantastic. One of few games out there which will make you think about your life and religion. I don't mean the puzzles. Puzzles are good but there is much more in this game that i cannot turn them into words. You must see yourself.
76561198065431048,Recommended,257510,21890872,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Cocoa,"I fully recommend getitng this game!Everything about this it is amazing, the graphics, puzzles and even the story, it does follow a good logic about many things we all wonder when its about AI theories, what I liked most is the artistic way of displaying the worlds."
,Recommended,257510,22092252,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Cretz,"Probably the best puzzle game ever made.In addition, it comes with a superb storyline."
76561198076772975,Recommended,257510,14092442,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,cocomuffinzz,Beautiful and thought-provoking. 10/10
76561198161946503,Recommended,257510,25446683,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,polarbears77,"this puzzle game is awesome! its like a hardcore portal game. not very far into it, i could care less for the story the puzzles are accualy hard."
,Recommended,257510,17828399,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,TripleHelix935,"A truly delightful puzzle game, Talos Principle genuinely surprised me and captivated me to the end with its marvelous story. Now a personal favorite of mine for probably forever, this game does not get enough attention.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,25457200,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,rubby,linux port is wonderful and the depth of the settings needs to be the new PC game standard.
76561198256832986,Recommended,257510,25452825,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,stephendherr,"Beside Portal this is the best puzzle game I've ever played. The main criticism is that is that its a little preachy, which I get, but just sit back and enjoy it and you'll have a blast."
76561198005192304,Recommended,257510,25454719,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Jean Jouall,"Finished this some time ago. I see that it is currently on sale.GET IT.That is all, friends."
,Recommended,257510,25457192,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Seky,Lots of content.. Really challenging puzzles.. Visualy it looks beatifulHighley recommend
,Recommended,257510,25487813,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,seth_storm,massa!
76561198051095022,Recommended,257510,14495680,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Wankenstein,"This game is very ambient and peaceful, a good feel as always, I haven't finished yet; there is a lot more to go through! (Excited!!!) If a sequel is made, i will be amazed if it is better than this."
,Recommended,257510,21226629,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,The Select Item Subscreen,"Well written with puzzles that aren't too challenging, yet not too easy, either. People who like thinking about philosophy, religion, and science will strongly enjoy this game. (You don't have to be an expert at the puzzles, though -- if you're super stuck, there's no shame in looking up a guide. But be careful not to get spoiled on the plot and the different endings, as they are all worth experiencing for yourself.)"
,Recommended,257510,16572260,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Freeasia,The great thing about this game is the wow factor. I love puzzle games. This one reminds me a lot of the Portal games.
76561197972060915,Recommended,257510,21634511,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,irbaboon,"The Talos Principle is a unique game which combines great graphics, amazing settings and beautiful colors. Each step of the game flow is calibrated to give the player a brain workout.The story line is philosophical in nature, your progression is dependent on obstacles that increase in complexity as you move forward towards the end.If you like solving puzzles the game is highly recommended."
76561197961931012,Recommended,257510,21671324,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,PChaXor,Just started playing this game and am amazed. So much fun and its DEEP. Requires high IQ and alternate thnking to solve some of the puzzles... great game.
,Recommended,257510,16708905,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,PopiT,Incredible game.The puzzles and story line are both really well done.Highly recommended.
76561198017078537,Recommended,257510,20463947,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Elitist {tPPP}™,"A little bit of history, some philosophy, and of course logic.The game challenges your ideaology of reality, while challenging your problem solving skills with tools that are provided. Just when you get the hang of one of the tools, you have to learn to use another while going outside the box at times. Some puzzles have multiple solutions, whereas others have a finite solution. If you're fatigued, you may not be able to solve some until another day; fortunately ""god"" tells you to come back to a level if needed.The scenery is absolutely beautiful, truly worthy of some screenshots. All without having to have a supreme rig with sli/xfired gpu's, 24gb ram, 5.0ghz i-7, etc.The game stimulates your mind and senses repeatedly, and you'll find yourself in awe and a sense of pride when completing a rigorous challenge.I'd give it a 90/100 for what it is, not compared to some next-gen games that are currently available. But this is my opinion; I like a good brain teaser."
,Recommended,257510,13551408,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,mellotanica,"a masterpiece, it was a long time since i played a game of this greatness, it is perfect mixture of intriguing puzzles, a deep philosophical story and amazing environments with a lot of easter eggs hidden everywhere."
76561197981549438,Recommended,257510,21101617,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,michielvd,"Brilliant puzzle game with challenging and creative puzzles, gorgeous graphics and a captivating story. The developers paid attention to details and overall this game is a lot of fun. If you like the puzzles in Portal, buy this game (especially if it is on sale)."
76561198035605272,Recommended,257510,21134456,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Styghx,"ThinkingTalos Principle is really amazing, whether you are looking at its gameplay, puzzles, story, graphics or philosophical topics. Every aspect of it, is diligently made with one purpose, make the playerThink... and sometimesRethinkhis opinions and beliefs...It is the whole thought process, what makes the game even more intriguing and interesting. I'll choose to mention justonepart of this game, as most others are already covered in other reviews:The dialogs-interactions with the terminals, in the later stages of the game, are a great demonstration ofSocrates' maieutic method. Thus, these dialogs are an brilliant way for someone, not familiar with philosophy, to experience this critical, yet almost offensive, method of Western philosophy.For the few intrigued by it here's a link to get you started in this journey:Socratic MethodHope it was helpful..."
,Recommended,257510,20542829,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ccfreak2k,"Solve puzzles. Argue with a computer. Obey Elohim. It's a story about a robot that proves its worth to its master, finds its purpose and, ironically, learns what it means to be human.First, the game is visually stunning from every distance and angle. From the very first scene to the end, it all looks like something that you'd see in 3DMark. It seems like no matter how close I ram my metal face into a wall, there's still more detail to be seen; and yet, when I take a few steps back, everything is composed so perfectly well.It's also sprinkled (well, covered, really) with bits of lore, both real (in the form of philosophical works and treastes) and fictional (the accounts of some characters, for example), in addition to some of the more obvious albeit striking allegory. The further along you go, the more you unravel the mystery of the world around you.There's also the marks of those that had once traveled the path you are taking. Some leave messages of hope, while others sew only despair; some serve to light your path, while others serve only to mock you.There's a few downsides, though. This visually stunning game is also equally demanding in terms of processing power. The number of graphics options is dizzying as well, so if you're a settings tweaker like I am, you may find yourself a bit lost. Fortunately, it has what seems like a decent hardware autodetection system, laid out at least in part as plain Lua, and (as of this writing) the devs occasionally drop by the Steam game hub discussion board to answer questions.It's also crashed more than a few times. At least twice it happened in-game, and there's a known crash issue that I've run into as well. This isn't to say that the game crashes all the time, though, but it's somewhat surprising that a game that's over a year old now still has these issues.Finally, some of the puzzles are not intuitive, in that some puzzles introduce mechanics that I didn't expect to be actual features. It becomes pretty obvious that the game doesn't try to explain more than the basics to you, expecting you to figure it out instead (that's part of what the backstory is). It differs from Portal in this way, which attempts to show you how certain mechanics work before integrating them into later puzzles.My only regret is that there wasn't more of the game. I went through it thinking ""alright, this is all leading up to a really grand fanale,"" when in reality I probably spent less time on the part that the game hyped up than all of the game before it.The bottom line here is that this is a great game...but probably not quite $40 great. More like $30."
76561198101268316,Recommended,257510,21287033,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,zbory,Like a great science fiction novel melted into a game.
76561198046615576,Recommended,257510,21234475,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Leonardo Di Papriko,Best game i have ever played.
76561198080848305,Recommended,257510,21271238,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Stanley,"Awsome Puzzle Game. If you came looking for something to be your new portal, this is it."
,Recommended,257510,21298091,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,stone_house,"In my opinion, the Portal Franchise, The Talos Principle and Soma comprise the (un)holy trinity of existential Sci-Fi in the gaming world. Like the others, this is a masterpiece."
76561198079150205,Recommended,257510,21355491,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,azimuth,"Creative and challenging puzzles, set in a beautiful world, with a fascinating story that touches on religion, philosophy, history and science.  One of the most interesting and rewarding games I've ever played."
,Recommended,257510,20384585,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,loopdaloop,"Amazing game.PROS+graphics are mind blowing (even with my♥♥♥♥♥♥laptop I still get some great scenery)+nice philosiphical questions (they aren't very original but are a nice touch)+different endings+puzzles are hard enough to get you a sense of satisfaction at the end of each one+a little over 100 puzzles+great voice acting+there are these secret stars that you can collect and require you to think outside the box (quite literally)CONS-some puzzles feel a bit repetitive-the £30 is WAAAAY too much, try to get it during the sales (I got it for £7)-I haven't tried the DLCs but they also seem very expensive-not a very long game, you can finish it in ~12 hours depending on the ending you chooseThis is neither a con or a pro: if you don't like reading on computer screens you might miss out on some of the game philosophy.Overall if you enjoyed portal for the puzzle mechanics (it's not quite the same portal feel), then you will adore this game."
,Recommended,257510,19795433,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Shady Boots,"Very innovative puzzle design, challenging but never to the point of being frustrating. Well, maybe one or two times, but for the most part I had a lot of fun going through each puzzle. I also appreciated that you can choose between first and third person, since I tend to prefer the latter for most games. The story was compelling and thought-provoking, the visuals were stunning, this was overall just a spectacular game. I have nothing bad to say about it."
,Recommended,257510,19274269,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ZIMT,"It is as wierd as it looks, and it's awesome. I like all the small details and gimmicks. The voiceacting is really good."
76561198040868056,Recommended,257510,13963170,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,ZuTheSkunk,"To get this immediately out of the way: I like this game, I really do.However, I'm not good at explaining what is good about things, so I apologize in advance if this review comes off as mostly just complaining. Okay, so...The Talos Principle is, for all intents and purposes, a Portal-like puzzle game, and it certainly plays the part in terms of gameplay. The controls are intuitive and getting your way around the puzzles is pretty intuitive as well... for the most part. The puzzles are bound to keep you occupied for long hours, and many of them will provide a sense of accomplishment if you manage to complete them on your own. The game's graphics are absolutely stunning - the textures almost never get blurry or pixelated even from up close, which is something I've never seen before in a video game. As for the story... I will get to that in a moment.Now, I must point out of a few problems. First off, there are two major flaws in the puzzle design.The first flaw is that on numerous occasions, the game fails to explain certain mechanics to you and inform you that you are capable of doing this or that. This results in you wandering aimlessly around the level until you either stumble upon the solution via sheer dumb luck, or look it up on YouTube in defeat, only to exclaim ""HOW WAS I SUPPOSED TO KNOW THAT?!?"" when you see where the problem was.The second flaw is that there is a number of situations where the level layout and/or the placement of vital objects is so unintuitive that you can end up trying to figure out the solution to no avail, and when you inevitably look it up on YouTube, you will realize that the entire problem was that you missed an object hidden behind a wall, and including this object into the equation makes the solution instantly clear.Another problem I have with the game is the very beginning, right after you jump off the pedestal: it's simply way too threatening and unwelcoming, at least compared to how the Public Test (i.e. the demo) starts out. In the Public Test, the are no enemies at all and the overall atmosphere is much more peaceful and laid-back, allowing you to calmly approach the problems set before you and familiarise yourself with the puzzle elements in a perfectly safe environment (well, except for walking into the water). The actual game, on the other hand, immediately throws at you the floating bombs AND the turrets, creating a much more hostile atmosphere that might scare away some of the newcomers. My recommendation is, if you are planning to get the game, then BEFORE you do it, absolutely make sure to play the Public Test first. It will give you a much better training environment and prepare you for the challenges from the actual game.Now, regarding the story. The game is pretty much built around the basic question: ""What makes you a person?"", and everything related to it, in particular the question of whether a robot can be a person. I must say, I admire the developers for trying to go with such a serious subject matter for the narrative, and it definitely makes you think. However, while all the philosophical divagations seemed mildly interesting at first, they slowly started getting on my nerves as the time went on, to the point where about halfway through the game I was so fed up with it all that I decided to put the game aside for about a month.The fact that you aren't going to get the full picture and what this is all building up to before the very end of the game only makes matters worse, as I started thinking that the puzzles and the narrative are completely detached from one another, and the game would do perfectly fine without the latter. It turns out that the narrative really IS vital to the experience, but you won't know that before you get to the aforementioned very end. My recommendation is, have faith in the developers, but don't bother yourself with the random texts on the computers or with the floating radio recordings, unless you really want to. They will just make you feel as if the developers were trying to shove all that philosophy down your throat.In the end, The Talos Principle is a pretty surprising game in various aspects (positively, that is) and definitely worth checking out. I just wish it had more of the Valve polish when it comes to puzzle design, as well as some other things. I'd say it's somewhere around 8/10."
,Recommended,257510,16287418,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,=TF=Gunsmithy,Incredible game. Really solid puzzles and mechanics on the level of Portal and with a story that really spoke to me and had me completely absorbed to the end. I would recommend this game to anyone simply for the story alone but you'll have to enjoy/stomach the puzzles to get to experience it all!
,Recommended,257510,17246107,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,samooja,Challenging but not frustating puzzles with an interesting story about philosophy and AI
76561197973548618,Recommended,257510,19445812,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Mac,"Outstanding game, if you like portal you will like this.  Game engine is very smooth and comfortable, puzzles are interesting and well made.  Hard to find the stars, I cheated a couple times and looked online!"
,Recommended,257510,19669847,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,bro.xian,"Definitely one of the best games I've played in a while, and some fantastic sci-fi writing."
,Recommended,257510,15260663,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,KensterFox,"Aside from the fact that the puzzles in The Talos Principle are less environmental and more abstract (a la Portal), I don't think I've played a game that felt more like Myst since Myst. While I've not been able to solve all of the puzzles I've encountered (at least for a period, you can progress in the game anyway), there have been times when the light bulb comes on and the game makes you feel brilliant, one of the best feelings in a puzzle/adventure game.Amazing game, one I won't be forgetting any time soon."
76561197967192328,Recommended,257510,13412451,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Paladin,"If you like puzzle games such as Portal, philosophy, and meta-thinking then this is the game for you! At its core it is a first-person (or third-person) solo game about solving puzzles in order to ascend and attain eternal life. However, there are many hidden secrets to discover. It's definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,257510,19153936,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Fishikaint Glubington,Its more than just a game its art.
,Recommended,257510,21352838,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,rcteske,"Damn. At first I got a walking simulator vibe, but then the story and the amazing puzzles started to appear... Damn."
,Recommended,257510,18688706,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,コーヒー,Intriguing puzzles. Great soundtrack. Very deep and philosophical. Made me reevaluate my life. 10/10 would reevaluate my entire life and choices again.
,Recommended,257510,17251743,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,dr_nuby,"Have you heard the good news?There is a god, and he loves you.Unlike the god of my peers he does not hide himself and he provides a clear purpose to your life.10/10 would obey again."
76561198072597685,Recommended,257510,24025208,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,anime4eva,Easy to get sucked in. Puzzles and philosophy - great combo!
76561198056072872,Recommended,257510,23983270,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Pepe,"On the same level as Portal 1 and Portal 2. Has some performance issues in Linux though, but overall solid game."
,Recommended,257510,21356812,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mytherin-Dezhrak,"The Talos Principle is very philosophical, which I love. I have not finished the game, in fact I am far from it. But what I have seen, which is the first 2 level hubs, is amazing. The story, albeit full of reading, is phenomenal. I love the way the story is slowly given to you to comprehend as you progress.The puzzles give the game a very difficult edge, but not difficult enough that you have to look up a walk through. The game will slowly increase the difficulty and complexity through the levels, and depending on the item you're trying to retrieve, the levels may be more difficult regardless of how far you have progressed.The humor snippits that they put into the game are light, well-timed, and in good taste. It doesn't fail to put a smile on my face any time it appears.I highly recommend this game for fans of the Portal franchise, and anyone who might like puzzles in general. Keep in mind though, the game will make you answer a few difficult questions, I'll leave that for you to judge yourself.Happy puzzle solving, have fun."
,Recommended,257510,23821072,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,merfolk,"I love the game and it's story and graphics and puzzles. But I can't play it for half an hour without my eyes hurting and getting a bad headache.It really puzzles me why, as I haven't had such problems with any other games in my life, and I've played quite a lot. With The Talos Principle it was obvious right from the start that something is wrong. My best guess is that the graphics are overly sharp all the time, and movement speed is also really fast so there's just too much to process. I tried playing with the various ""motion sickness"" settings but that didn't really help.Apparently I'm not the only one with such problems as there are many other similar reviews and posts on various forums."
,Recommended,257510,22891421,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Simple.,"if you like puzzle games, this is for you"
,Recommended,257510,17604791,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,☭Matasaga☭,"I was browsing the Steam store when I came across this game. Being an Elder Scrolls fan (Morrowind's the best), the word Talos caught my eye. later, I bought it for 13$ (the power of GabeN). Even on low graphics settings, it's visualy stunning. the puzzles are brain turning and difficult. You're guided by a voice named Elohim, who claims he has created many gardens for you so you may test you're faith. He orders you not to go to the tower, for it is forbidden. ""Do not give up the hope of eternal life for the hollow promises of curiosity."" He says. Messages from other bots can be seen on the walls of different structures in the forms of QR codes, some doubting Elohim's true power. I felt urged to go to the tower, as if I was drawn to it. I was curious. It wasn't just a plot I was following. I felt part of it. I questioned reality and life. This game makes you do that through a variety of computer documents. You can have conversations with these computers as well. I highly reccomend this game if you are a Portal fan, interested in philosophy, or are just your average gamer."
,Recommended,257510,21467692,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,[OG] Carthage,"Wow. This is the first time a game has made me think so hard - about its puzzles, its story, and the philosophical questions it poses. The short version is: you should absolutely buy this game. It's totally worth it, but be prepared to be challenged. Some of the puzzles are quite difficult, and may take you a while to solve (this includes time spent experimenting and time spent just staring at your screen, trying to work things out in your head).A little more detail:The Good---------------The mechanics are great. They're not all completely original (we've seen boxes-on-buttons in puzzle games before), but they work together so brilliantly that each time a new one is introduced, you realize that you can now think about the puzzles in a totally new way. Additionally, each of them are introduced rather gently, which is very much appreciated, considering the difficulty of some of the later puzzles. There is some form of gating mechanic in place to determine, to a certain extent, the order in which players take on the puzzles, but the game is by no means strictly linear. This is good, as it means that being stuck on one puzzle doesn't prevent you from progressing further. On the other hand, it is conceivable for someone to jump a little far ahead and end up in a puzzle that is a bit beyond their reach at that time. This being said, ""rooms"" are numbered, making it quite clear the order in which puzzles should be attempted in order to maximize the smoothness of the difficulty curve.The puzzles can get rather complex, and that's a positive, if you ask me. It's perfectly reasonable for developers to try and tune the difficulty of their games to appeal to the widest audience possible, but it's nice to get a game that really does force you to think hard about a problem in order to solve it. Some of the harder puzzles, as well as the stars, take care of that.Personally, I found the story rather engaging. For people who aren't really into it, though, they can progress through most of the game without paying much attention to it at all.The Bad---------------I don't have as much to say here. The only thing that bugged me a bit early on was that the rules of the world aren't made as clear as I would like. In particular, I'm referring to the removal of puzzle elements from their respective areas, or the passing of laser beams between puzzles in order to obtain stars. The visual cues that are presented to the player (puzzles being in individual, walled off areas; purple fields across the entrances and exits that do not allow puzzle elements to be brought across them) present the idea that each puzzle is meant to be solved independently of the others. It certainly isn't a bad idea to allow players to find creative ways to liberate cubes and the like from their respective puzzles, but those visual cues will prime some players (including myself) to not even consider it as a possibility if we're not actively looking to break the rules of the world as we understand them. However, once it's understood that this type of activity is not only possible, but necessary, it's easy to start thinking about the world in that way.Again, overall a great experience which I would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,257510,20448927,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,hOSHI,Soma plus Portal plus Tetris!Awesome ;)
,Recommended,257510,16884486,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,SS,"This game has it all. The story is pretty complicated but once you start understanding whats going on it becomes one the most epic experiences ever. If you have 20 euros to spare, please buy this, trust me you wont regret it."
76561198048585818,Recommended,257510,21919240,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,DrLemur,"Now there's been lots of extensive reviews on this game so I won't go too in depth but I absolutely loved it. The philosophy element while nothing mind blowing was a welcome inclusion and interacting with the terminals always made for a nice little break between puzzles. Being a big fan of puzzle games like Portal this definitely had the same kind of vibe so I was always going to love it. The main puzzles hit the nail on the head for difficulty for me and I never found them ridiculously frustrating (aside from some of the stars!!) I think it struck a perfect balance of remaining challenging without becoming too easy or difficult. Some of the puzzle elements seem to be borrowed almost directly out of portal and tweaked but that's not a bad thing as those were always great.The DLC ""Road to Gehenna"" provided some slightly more difficult puzzles and a more interesting terminal experience than the main game as well. Anyway just trust me. You want to get this game, it's better than anything I've played in a long time and I was completely obsessed with it from start to finish.As someone who never uses walkthroughs or help to play games my only criticism of the game is that there is at least one star that would be utterly impossible to figure out on your own.. I wasted an awful long time on it before FINALLY giving in and looking at a guide.. and the solution was utterly ridiculously and impossibly difficult. It may be the only time in twenty years I ever had to seek outside help in order to do anything in a game. Anyway, that minor gripe aside this game was genius and a work of art. Highly recommend it. A must have for fans of the puzzle gaming genre. 8/10"
,Recommended,257510,29442227,Posted: 23 January,all,ares,insane.
,Recommended,257510,17317436,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,QuantumTaoist,"At first I thought this was a puzzle game, but now I am questioning my existance in the universe.--J v99.222.0007c"
,Recommended,257510,20439911,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Drewby,"Absolutely flawless job bringing you into a strange, familiar-yet-unfamiliar world and presenting creative and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly clever puzzles for you to solve at your leisure.Don't assume it's a Portal clone or rip-off; this game brings its own identity and has you educate and better yourself along the way. If only it had more puzzles..."
76561198065797957,Recommended,257510,20048109,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Pun Knight,"This is one of the best puzzle games I've played in a while, which is weird considering it came from the makers of Serious Sam. Generally it's a mix of Portal and Myst with a dark and interesting story tying everything together. The atmosphere and music are wonderful and the mystery of the setting really pushes you to explore the world and solve its puzzles, if only so you can find another info terminal that will give you a few more clues on the plot.The puzzles themselves start off very simple, but later on will become more challenging and can feel pretty clever sometimes. I know its been used in a few other games, but the sections where you need to interact with a recording of yourself are particularly interesting, especially when you unlock an item that lets the recording carry both yourself and tools around.As for downsides, the game is bad at explaining certain mechanics. For instance, you can place boxes on top of the floating mines. Sure, I eventually worked this kind of thing out through trial and error but I can't help but feel the mechanics could have done with better introductions or some kind of tutorial.The game is also a bit too long for what it is, with several puzzles being repeated at later stages as advanced versions. This wouldn't be too bad but there are only a handful of mechanics, so things can get a bit repetitive after a while, and it can be a bit annoying when you'd rather learn more about the setting than solve yet another laser redirection problem.If you can look past these flaws and are a fan of puzzle games then I'd strongly recommend The Talos Principle, especially if its on sale."
76561198067123969,Recommended,257510,16957384,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Zureena,"English:Really one of the best games I've ever played. 10/10It reminds me slightly of Portal and Portal 2, but don't expect it to be identical. The Talos Principle is full of puzzles, but also full of really interesting philosophical questions and thoughts. It is a rather ""serious"" game and expects you to think about things like the meaning of life and what it takes to be a person.I would recommend it especially to people which enjoy games with a deep storyline and of course puzzle games.Be prepared to have moments of inner struggle as soon as a simple computer starts to rip apart your earlier thoughts on humankind and life, you tought to be indestructible.Deutsch:Mit Abstand eines der besten Spiele, die ich je gespielt habe. 10/10Es erinnert mich etwas an Portal und Portal 2, aber erwartet nicht, dass es identisch zu diesen ist. Das Talos Prinzip ist voll mit Puzzles, aber auch voll mit wirklich interessanten, philosophischen Fragen und Überlegungen. Es ist eher ein ""ernstes"" Spiel, das von einem auch erwartet über Dinge wie den Sinn des Lebens oder den Kriterien zum ""Mensch-Sein"" nachzudenken.Ich empfehle es besonders jenen, die Spaß an Spielen mit einer tiefen Storyline und natürlich Puzzles haben.Macht euch darauf gefasst Momente innerer Unruhe und Zerissenheit zu haben sobald ein einfacher Computer damit beginnt eure vermeindlich unumstößlichen Vorstellungen und Gedanken über die Menschheit und das Leben vor euren Augen zu zerreißen."
,Recommended,257510,13916492,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,agumon,"Rather good puzzle game, but the story elements could use some work. Most of the puzzles were very mentally engaging, some more tedious than anything though. Overall a good experience and one of the better puzzle games out there."
,Recommended,257510,15488359,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Nedearl Loviwa,"Pretty good. The puzzles are what's best in this game. The first ones are obviously really easy but they get to be pretty well thought later on. The story is nice, enough to make you want to progress in the game but not that transcendant though. The music is a bit aggravating as they're is not enough diversity.All in all : a big bunch of great puzzles for puzzle lovers."
,Recommended,257510,14906423,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Zelus,Elohim granted me eternal life.Would live forever again 10/10
76561198049062537,Recommended,257510,13341313,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,BaH,"Excellent puzzles with a well designed learning curve.Looks and runs great, highly recommended."
76561197970539287,Recommended,257510,13359197,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Sarkon,"On par with Portal and Antichamber, and that's pretty high praise."
76561198021983999,Recommended,257510,13856222,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Space Wolf Hudson,"My personal Game Of The Year 2014.I'll try to keep it short:At the beginning it seems like a promising and fun puzzle game but soon you will realize that it also brings an very exciting, awesome and thought-provoking story along.The graphics are beautiful, as well as the leveldesign and the environments. There are many secrets (and eastereggs) to discover. The game gets even better when it comes to the sound: The soundtrack is always fitting and beautiful, the  voice acting is top notch.The solving of all the puzzles is very fun. During the game you will always get introduced to new game mechanics and tools with easier puzzles and then it always gets more challenging, step by step. It is hardly getting frustrating since you can always leave a puzzle out and return later. At any point of the game you can return to previous levels and challenges.Yet this is not just a simple puzzle game, the heart of the game (to me) is the story. NO SPOILERS: It is a thought-provoking sci-fi  story that puts you into an interesting role of an intelligent(?) machine. In the end there are three different endings to discover. There is also some kind of conversation throughout the game with someone else who will make you doubt (or better: question) stuff you were certain of before. You will be asked some interesting questions which are not always easy and quick to answer. Some of them I even discussed with friends before I picked an answer, to become sure of what I think about it.If you liked the story of for example the game ""The Fall"" or the movie ""The Machine"" you'll probably also really enjoy this one.Getting to the end of my personal review I can't think of any real flaws....Executing another search for flaws in ""The Talos Principle""...processing......No, really, there is nothing.Oh yeah something else that is actually unbelievable: I EXPERIENCED NO BUGS AT ALL. Now that is quite uniqe these days.Maybe I am just to amazed by it at the moment, I'm writing this directly after my first playthrough andm, as stated above, I already declared it my GOTY 2014. But I can say for certain that there is no big issue about the game which should stop anyone who is interested in story and/or the gameplay from getting The Talos Principle.Definite recommendation.Execute the_talos_principle_purchase.exe now."
,Recommended,257510,28664576,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,PierreDuMort,Easily one of the best games I've ever played. Give the terminals the attention they deserve and you get some fantastic background lore.
76561198149340562,Recommended,257510,26025083,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,SistaTroopa,One of my favorite puzzle games! I love the graphics and the ambiance.
,Recommended,257510,20862021,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Toshe,i argued with a machine that i'm not a bot. slightly better than captcha. i give it a perfect 5/7
,Recommended,257510,26974262,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,deadcell96,"Fun puzzles, interesting level design, philosophical but not annoying, and a booming voice in your head. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,257510,29271704,Posted: 15 January,all,Kaefars,"Great game, recommended for those who like puzzle games with heavy story and a philosophical touch ;)"
,Recommended,257510,22888920,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Mr12000,"I don't have much time played on this game, but I felt compelled to come and leave a review.I just bought this on sale over the past weekend for $10, and I'm honestly mad at myself for not picking this up sooner. I'm 2 hours in, and I can already see that the $40 price tag is well worth it. I adore puzzle games like this, littered with Easter eggs and hidden text that lend so much personality to the story. On top of that, the narrative is incredibly enigmatic! (so far) I love the air of mystery that shrouds the entire game - it's only driving me to play more, to explore every inch of the world, and to really crack all of these puzzles and collect every single thing that I can.Some may not find that the $40 price tag is acceptable (I have seen some commentors complete the game in <12 hours), and if that's the case, maybe wait for a sale. I'm definitely in the camp of ""hey this is pretty damn great, give these devs the full price, they deserve it."""
,Recommended,257510,22882017,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Bubble,"This game is great. If you're someone that enjoyed the puzzle solving of Portal but are looking for a challenge, this game is great. It starts off easy and eases you into it's puzzles, but be prepared for hard ones. What's truly great about these puzzles is that they are not easy, but they are never so hard that you give up and set the game down. The right balance. Not to mention the whole puzzle of the game itself... If you're someone that is into philosophy you'll find the lore of this game quite compelling, and even if you're not I think you'll enjoy it. No matter how deeply you want to think about the lore of this game, it is interesting on every level."
,Recommended,257510,22876794,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Cacame Awemedinade,"Amazing game! The puzzles were great and challenging but the storyline is where this game shines.Highly recommend it, get it!"
,Recommended,257510,22878631,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Capt Quark,"If you like first person puzzle solving games with the atmosphere of Myst, then you will love The Talos Principle.  I just recently purchased and am very impressed with this game's graphics, sound, mechanics, and gameplay.  Definitely buy this one if you like first person puzzle games!"
,Recommended,257510,22874881,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ipquarx,"I'd like to start out this review with a little disclaimer. If you don't like puzzles at least a little bit, you probably won't enjoy this game very much.This game is very heavily puzzle-oriented. Without spoiling too much of the story, basically the premise is that you're a robot in a world filled with puzzles. Solving puzzles gets you sigils, and sigils unlock doors to different areas. There's different themed worlds filled with many different kinds of unique puzzles, and lots of different puzzle elements.There's also the computer terminals, which make this game from a good puzzle game into an amazing puzzle game with copious amounts of mind bogglingly awesome philosphy. The game also has several different endings, adding quite a bit to the replayability of the game despite it being a puzzle game. Most people don't get all the puzzles on their first go either, and it's quite satisfying to go back and revisit those or go for the star puzzles.You might need a guide for a couple of the star sigils. 99% of the stars are great extra puzzle challenges, but just a couple of them have kinda silly requirements that you might need a guide for.There are tons and tons of easter eggs. You can search for days and days and not find every single one, they are literally everywhere. There's references to other games, TV shows, movies, famous companies, etc etc etc.Overall, it's an amazing game and I wholeheartedly recommend it. I paid full price for this game and don't regret it one bit, but if you don't love puzzles as much as I do you might want to get it on sale."
,Recommended,257510,22886303,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Sarcofogus Williams,You will spend the first hour or so trying to decide whether or not you like it and the remaining 15+ hours incredibly grateful that you kept playing.
,Recommended,257510,27154659,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Abraqin,"The ""Introduction to Philosophy"" first person puzzle game. Superbly crafted. Gorgeous environment. Decent sound."
,Recommended,257510,17774864,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Hati,"Beautiful. An experience, not just a puzzle game."
,Recommended,257510,14941873,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,sumkndaBOOGIN,"Well, after almost 40 hours of playing, I am quite satisfied.  I like that some puzzles were easy, and appreciated the hard challenges, althought some were beyond my imagination (thanks Youtube!).  I also liked all the reading, although can honestly say I didn't read them all word by word.  There was one challenge in particular that took me over 30 tries to get, and yes, left me in tears, but overall the experience was great.  When you complete a puzzle on your own, it feels so great!  I love being able to use that part of my brain and they can be actually fairly relaxing at times. If you like puzzles, and you like Mythology, and you have patience and persistence, this game is for you.  9/10"
,Recommended,257510,17764055,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ceown,"I was expecting a puzzle game...I was not expecting to question how to define a person, and by relation, if I'm a person and how to quantify it.Would self-doubt again!"
,Recommended,257510,17786171,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Takanu,"Ohh, The Talos Principle, how i remember ye fondly, and to be honest after playing Bioshock Infinite i needed to look back on a game that wasn't a significant disappointment. As a games student its rare that I play a game that i feel so immersed in to the point where it's bypassed the rational part of my brain that can see the game logic and triggers, into the irrational part that said things like, ""Please don't stay in the tower for too long, im too ♥♥♥♥ing creeped out and depressed at this point."", and ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, what the hell do i tell the command line prompt?"", and for me thats normally the indication of a truly good game.I was expecting a mystery with a buttload of puzzles, but I wasn't prepared for the evocative soundtrack, the darker narrative undertones and discussing the nature of existence with a computer.  Despite the gameplay and narrative existing as separate elements, they don't feel completely divorced to just be considered game filler and although weren't challenging enough for my own tastes, were diverse enough to be enjoyable and to feel accomplished (and i know plenty of others who cursed them right to the very end).The narrative has an excellent idea that although sometimes stumbles into Pretentious Village with segments from the bible and other historic texts and stories, is consistently thought-provoking and intriguing to the point where I personally started questioning my own philosophy, and which builds to a stunning conclusion, all without having to pull the massive twist card.This, from a developer that originally just made meathead shooters.  Gold ♥♥♥♥ing star to the fine ladies and gentlemen of Croteam."
76561197970004650,Recommended,257510,17732276,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,00_Exia executing target,"Definitely one of my most valuable games in my whole collection.This game is a puzzle game on all kinds of levels. You got the obvious puzzles you got to solve where you are free to chose which one you do first and which later. Then you got the storyline which you are solving by yourself by constantly thinking about the scripts you read in each part of the world. But finally you got the biggest puzzle about your existence which is bugging you constantly by having dialogues with an AI somewhat like one of the first text-based-computergames ever. The only difference is, that you're not allowed to type in your own answers but instead to chose between different answers. Though these answers are pretty much almost all you'd like to put in anyway so it's not a negative point in any way.You get in this game:- to chose which puzzles to solve first- the opportunity to do puzzles only if you like- different endings (don't expect too much difference^^)- existencial questions you might never asked yourself- different ways to solve puzzles (i often used some wallclimbing and jumping if i didn't find the obvious solution after a few minutes)- lots of funny eastereggsall in all it's a solid 9.5/10! I would say in a sale it's a definitely 10/10.Though you don't need the DLC's... most of the ""original puzzles"" are already in the game.BUT - the soundtrack is purely awesome. I NEVER turned off the music in this game."
76561198047169686,Recommended,257510,17733021,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,benscott73,"This was a very interesting game, fiendishly addtictive.  The depth of puzzles and a storyline that I found very interesting made for a very absorbing experience.  So many afternoons got away from me while I did ""just one more level""."
76561198006298114,Recommended,257510,15284690,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,kod666,It is very good puzzle game. I could not find anything bad about it. I liked even annoying mobile mines.
,Recommended,257510,21623030,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Kenshin csgo500,Great puzzle game.
,Recommended,257510,24096694,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Otaku,Things are simply not as they seem.Sequal Please!
,Recommended,257510,20614390,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,BlackSails,"I highly recommend this for anybody who likes puzzle games.8/10 for now, optimalization gave me litlle problems, but my pc just suck's.Story is that interesting i'll definitely try to beat the game and this is rare for me."
,Recommended,257510,15409763,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,[BT] Ingwaz,"I finished The Talos Principle in about 18 hours, and I loved virtually every minute of it.  The game is rife with backstory and intrigue.  The characters WILL cause you to question your ideas and beliefs if you give them the opportunity (and I recommend you do), the puzzles will build up your abilities while very rarely presenting you with something you likely cannot figure out.  Everything in a puzzle is put there for a reason, even if that reason is to simply be a red herring and make you think even further outside the box.  The graphics of the game itself are beautiful, and the landscapes (while you're limited in just how far you truely can explore) are vast and have a lot of detail in them.  The sheer number of easter eggs and little hidden references to other games just seems like a love letter from Croteam.In short, if you enjoy philosophy, solving some puzzles, learning about an interesting story, and interacting with interesting and dynamic characters, then you really should check this game out.  At the very least, try out the demo.  It's what sold me on it quite easily."
,Recommended,257510,21625684,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,des the mediocre,"Great puzzle game. Reminiscent of Portal, but harder, more focus on the puzzle aspect and with slightly different mechanics.The games story plays around with what it means to be human, existence and religion. It's not as story focused as Portal, but perhaps more focused on the ambience.Some of the puzzles are really difficult and there are extra puzzles (stars) that go beyond the standard format puzzles.Absolutely recommended, really addictive and challenging."
,Recommended,257510,17577614,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,drxela,"The Talos Principle is a first person puzzle game at its core. The puzzles are interesting and gradually become more and more difficult as additional mechanics are added and more and more mechanics get combined within a single puzzle.In terms of the story behind the puzzles, it reminds me of Dark Souls; there is some story there, but it requires you to seek it out and think through it. It's great because it's there if you want it, but you can completely ignore it if you're only interested in the puzzles.There are also some additional secret stars which can try to explore and find; they often involve an additional step after you've already completed a puzzle in order to access it (which can be quite a step up in difficulty) or figuring out how to connect one part of a puzzle one one side of the map to another puzzle on the far other side.I'd put it up there with the Portal series in terms of the structure of the puzzles, in that you have a few core mechanics that you'll continue to play around with while thinking through how they would help you reach the goal that the game is setting out for you. What I mean is; the game appears very basic, with only a few mechanics involved in solving the puzzles, but these mechanis are used in so many various ways that no two puzzles will feel the same.As you go along, it is likely you will find a puzzle or two that you just can't quite figure out at the time. This is totally fine; as you complete puzzles, they open up new areas, meaning you can come back to these tougher puzzles at a later time in order to solve them.If you're looking to invest a few hours into a well executed puzzle solving game with philosophical undertones and a subtle story that is there if you want to find it, The Talos Principle is it."
,Recommended,257510,31962189,Posted: 25 May,all,JAC-MAT-HAG,"This is a must buy for anyone who enjoyed the portal series. The game does a fantastic job keeping each level different, challenging, and exciting. My one criticism is the game's plot which is a mediocre story of philosophy and life told a thousand times prior. Yet I would still recommend you get it despite its plot."
76561198195704695,Recommended,257510,31993419,Posted: 27 May,all,Fifty1_,Postive:+ Very many difficult Puzzles+ Sci-fi+ Atmospheric+ Philisophical / Multiple Endings+ Great Soundtrack+ Good Graphic+ No bugs occuredNegative:- Not so much Exploration- World is not big- Not so many Places to Discover- Not many different items- Not many different actors- As good as no cinematic
,Recommended,257510,21187789,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Shroud3d,"So this is a puzzle game which gives you access to the minimal amount of objects to complete each puzzle and slowly introduces new mechanics one at a time, similar to Portal I suppose. There are a couple of deviations to this theme and some puzzles contain traps, but the game is never unfair. In general, the game also slowly teaches you how to use the objects for things they don't seem to be intended for. The difference with Portal is that the puzzles in this game do get old eventually, but the moment they get old is when you're almost done with the game. Sadly, the end of game collect-a-thon is a necessity for all endings.And that's one thing which I dislike in a game like this, because some of the puzzles are quite frustrating, aka the ones where you die and restart at the wrong solutions. Others are motion-sickness inducing, especially the ones that involve the recording machine. The game even encourages you to step away from puzzles if you can't figure them out. Fortunately none of the puzzles are very long so even the annoying ones won't bother you much. When you step away and come back to the puzzles later, they do seem a lot easier, so you're apparently learning something along the way which is always nice.There are also a lot of door puzzles which involve placing tetrominos in a square, I have yet to figure out a good method for this but I trial and errored my way through all of them somehow.A cool mechanic is that some of the optional stars involve sneaking out of a level with an object or pointing a beam from outside of one puzzle to someplace elsewhere. Really gets you thinking literally 'outside the box'.There's also a lot of references to Greek mythology if you're into that, and some intricate philosophical dillemas. Overall, these did not add much for me, but they are a nice distraction from the puzzles.Overall, the game gives you a good amount of enjoyment for its price if you happen to stumble upon it during a sale. 40 bucks is a bit of a stretch for a game with about 15 hours of content and no replay value (unless you want to find all bonus stars, something you can just do with your original save file anyway)."
,Recommended,257510,31942667,Posted: 24 May,all,Drunken Nixon Style,"Every now and then a game comes along about once or twice in a generation that really grabs me and doesn't let go. It happened with Shadow of the Colossus, Myst, Hotline Miami, and others throughout my years of gaming. To make a long review short, The Talos Principle belongs among that group of games that truly and genuinely made me feel the true joy of video games.To say it's art would be trite but I do think this game tells a story that is both unique to the medium and uses the best of the medium to its advantages.You are an android that awakens in a world full of puzzles and danger, guided by a faceless voice that beckons you to solve the mysteries of the world to attain sigils and use those sigils to complete your task, which is unknown to you at the onset.Through first-person puzzle gameplay you move through each world attaining sigils, all while finding logs, emails, and recordings of a world long since forgotten. Occasionally you even get into an argument with an AI that makes you question your task and whether you are indeed worthy of being equal to humans.As stated earlier, the gameplay is done mostly through Portal like segments with the occassional fit-the-tetromino puzzle. It's nothing super novel but it is a calming experience that really makes you get into the contemplative state that I think the developers would want you in.While the puzzles in themselves are fun, it's the piecing together of the narrative through those logs and conversations where the game really grabs me. Not only was I questioning what was happening in the game but also in the (real) world around me because of the Phillip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥(PKD because Steam blanked out the last name) like writing of the passages. It's been a long long time since I've experienced a story as rich and fulfilling as the one in The Talos Principle.The story and writing only gets better in the DLCRoad to Gehenna. Taking place parallel to the main story, the DLC tells the story of those who came before the main character and the community that they formed together. I'm not one to overly cry during games but there were passages between the characters that were so utterly human that it brought tears to my eyes, and the characters aren't even human! The DLC truly felt like an expansion of the old days where it was different enough from the main story that it didn't feel like witheld content for the extra buck.Aesthetically the game is also gorgeous with its bright pallete and beautifully crafted worlds. The reds and blues of the lasers contrast against the landscapes to create amazing wallpaper material. Got a little motion sick from the game at first but thanks to the FOV slider it was fixed right away.The music really adds to the zen-like feeling that the game is trying to push with a soft-ambient soundtrack that doesn't distract you from the puzzles and passages. Like the rest of the game, it's hard to believe that the composer also worked on the Serious Sam series because it is such a stark contrast to those games.To sum it all up. If given the resources and time, this is the game I would want to make. Perfection is always in the eye of the beholder but to me this game is perfect."
76561198009770373,Recommended,257510,31965617,Posted: 25 May,all,robgunning,"Take on the role of an Automaton as you awaken to hear the omnipotent voice of Elohim, your guide come would be creator in this clever puzzler.You start with not much apart from instruction from Elohim to solve a series of puzzles to collect 'Sigils', Tetris shaped keys that enable you to move further and further into this varied and beautiful puzzle world. Along the way you access computer files via terminals located throughout the levels that both tease interesting insights as to an underlinging reasons for this worlds existance, combined with extracts of philosophy and stories from the classical world that will interest players that enjoy these topics.As you progress you have the opportunity to use a range of tools that you unlock via the Sigils that help to make the puzzles more engaging and thought provoking as the game progresses. With a forbidden tower that Elohim restricts you from on pain of death, the game allows you to take on puzzles that Elohim has designed for the self betterment of your kind, according to Elohim that is, as well as puzzles that are off Elohim's radar and seem important to the ongoing narrative of your journey towards self enlightenment and understanding the world that you occupy.The puzzles themselves range from easy tests that take but a few minutes to much harder thought provokers that may leave you stumped for much longer. Logical and lateral thinkers will enjoy the challenge and the games design enables you enoy equally thirty minutes play solving a couple of puzzles to more dedicated sessions where you can make serious progress towards the game's climax.Highly recommended for players that enjoy exercising the brain and for those looking to pass the time with a different and intriguing puzzler."
,Recommended,257510,32108522,Posted: 1 June,all,w.,"The puzzles are great, and get increasingly difficult, but it's the overall story that really makes this a worthwhile experience."
,Recommended,257510,13798178,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Hsanrb,"Talos Principle, on the surface is a puzzle game that plays similar to your traditional fps puzzler like Portal... but if you take your time to smell the roses, enjoy the view, and read all the terminals... you will experience some philosophy to your gaming experience.I'd say more, but essentially this is a puzzle game where you unlock, learn, and master a series of elements as simple as blocks and beam connectors... all the way up to recording and replaying actions to duplicate and combine elements in a sense of timing. Starts simple, nudges you learning new things, then stretches your education. Its not challenging, sometimes the game requries you to look at things a particular way over and over.The story... I'm gonna try not to spoil so much... but you play a robot that is essentially a test subject in which you solve puzzles. I'm seriously trying not to spoil the end because the more I say, the more I'm implying when I reveal what happens to you. Just read all the text, listen to all the audio recordings, and check QR codes in game that expand the game. Most of the bulk is philsophical commentary surrounding culture, history, religion... etcGraphics remind me of Serious Sam, they aren't taxing on systems but you do have to be able to run the engine.Audio isn't too bad, the music MAY be memorable... but you get like 3-5 songs per world on random loop. I bought the OST, its 50/50 good/badReplayability: IF you want 100% sure, if you don't... once you learn solutions you will peak at all the endings, but then probably never touch it again.Did the developer justify me paying $35.99 (10% during xmas steam sale of 14): As someone who actually was a fan of what the game told me sure... but straight up puzzle experience you may way for a bigger cut. You need to appreciate the story telling and open your mind a bit to pick up the nuances that make this worth its standard price."
,Recommended,257510,17294829,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Shaolu,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes games that encourage serious thought. The Talos Principle is often compared to the Portal series, but that's primarily because they fall into roughly the same genre and they both involve AI. It would be like comparing Limbo to Super Mario Brothers because they're both side scrolling platformers that involve a male protagonist seeking after a female character. Otherwise these games are radically different in tone and style. Likewise I really like Portal, but for very different reasons; the mood is altogether different.I don't know how many games I've ever played that include quotes from everything from Aristotle to William Blake to G. K. Chesterton. The diversity of sources correlates well with the diversity of thought expressed thematically throughout. Through the events of the game, the slowly revealed backstory, and the numerous bits of literature and philosophy scattered about, the game leads you through a long deep musing on life, death, civilization, and the nature of consciousness. Yet, The Talos Principle never comes across (at least to me) as pretentious or smug. (The continuous focus on fun challenging puzzles might have something to do with maintaining an effective balance here.) There is definitely a coherent story with a very satisfying ending, but there's still a good bit of unanswered questions--in a good way. It muses more than it preaches, and through the course of the experience you are invited into that contemplation.I probably haven't said much more than has already been said, and any more words would continue to fail to express the wonder of this electronic piece of art, but it is truly fascinating, thought-provoking, inspiring, and simply entertaining. There's not much more I could ask for in a game."
,Recommended,257510,17028191,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Overv,Amazing story and philosophy that makes you stop and reconsider your thoughts on the topic of conciousness. The puzzles are good as well.
,Recommended,257510,29174403,Posted: 10 January,all,Sumwan,"Great puzzle game with challenging puzzles and a very interesting and compelling story. I would recommend playing it based on the story alone, as it is very vivid and imaginative. The puzzles can sometimes be hard, but it's so satisfying to finally solve one you've been stuck on for some time. The game has multiple endings, but it's not necessary to replay the game to get them. The DLC is worth a purchase as well."
,Recommended,257510,25450501,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Friendly Following Fishstick,"This game puts the Portal games, Thomas Was Alone, Limbo, etc. all out of their misery.Your brain will be twisted and bruised, but every puzzle, every little unraveling of backstory, and every ""cutscene"" will make you feel rewarded.10/10 would cry over puzzle pieces again."
76561197974804165,Recommended,257510,22868823,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,[TLB]FlameHaze,"In today’s casual “hand holding” game industry it’s so refreshing to see a quality title treats gamers with respect.  A title that goes back to the old days when games dared to make the player think.The main section puzzles are challenging and fun to solve.  The story is engaging and really adds to the atmosphere and motivation of our protagonist.  It asks thought provoking questions that stay with you after you've stepped away from the game.  The environments of the game are unique and the art style is beautiful.  All these qualities combine to make for a great experience, I felt compeled to complete the game fully.The game also includes more difficult optional puzzles.  The optional puzzles are sometimes extremely difficult to locate and solve.  But the game makes it rewarding, as the way you complete the game works in hand with the games story line and resolves with multiple different endings.Trust the reviews!  Buy it now!"
76561198000270759,Recommended,257510,21777340,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,STroB,This is how philosophy should be taught.9/10
76561198050837325,Recommended,257510,27994196,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,old_one_15,"Not much to say. A beautifully put together game that really makes you think, in more ways than one."
76561198062683633,Recommended,257510,27570995,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,benny11561,"It's less about the puzzle/exploration gameplay and more about the brilliant sci-fi philosophical narrative, reminiscent of Asimov and Clarke. Real good stuff here!"
,Recommended,257510,20303512,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Enertron,Well designed and intelligent. This game feels like Myst and Portal had a love child.
76561198108041007,Recommended,257510,22856897,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ice1of1,"Amazing game, worth every minute."
76561198028537639,Recommended,257510,31107780,Posted: 12 April,all,Cocknows,Great puzzle game with good music and atmosphere. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,257510,20881432,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Treme,"This is a perfect, addictive and immersive game. Refrain if you're not a natural born genius."
,Recommended,257510,20876176,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,pitchblackink,I'm so in love with this game that I can't make an objective review. Sorry but you will have to view another one.
,Recommended,257510,20878772,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,King China,"This is arguably the best game I have ever played. At first, the game might feel as if the story is just thrown in later to explain why you have to be solving those puzzles and collecting sigils, and why there are strange terminals scattered around the world which feel out of place. But only as you continue your journey, you start to realize that everything is there for a reason, that all the parts fall together to create a great and compelling story, a story which you want to know the end of.A story alone isn't enough to keep a puzzle game interesting of course, and Croteam surely understood that. The puzzles are satisfying to solve, sometimes pretty hard, but never unsolvable (not talking about the star puzzles, some were so ridiculously complicated that I had to look up a walkthrough). The level design is great and they paid great attention to angles. They also rarely give you more stuff than you need, which is fair considering red herrings are often very difficult to spot.The graphics are amazing in my opinion, I love the photorealistic textures and the Serious Engine provides great contrast, which makes shadows look extremely good. Sometimes, when I had some trouble solving a puzzle, I would just walk around in one of the beautiful lands (or gardens, as Elohim would call them) and listen to the soothing music.The story itself, along with the terminals, provides a nice break from the sometimes brain-wrecking puzzles. You really have to experience the story for yourself, and the sense of amazement you feel when everything starts to slowly make sense and you realize this isn't an empty game at all.TL;DR: Buy it already, 10/10 would climb the tower again."
,Recommended,257510,20782618,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SpaceDawg,"The Talos Principle is a first-person view story-driven puzzle game; you have to solve a variety of set-piece puzzles using a small set of tools and your awesome spatial reasoning to obtain ‘sigils’, which are then used to progress in the game. It’s a fun, well-paced expedition though beautiful environments with a thoughtful and interesting backstory.The gameplay mainly revolves around finding out, by experimentation, how the various tools you get interact with the environment and other game elements. You might need to figure out how to get on top of a stack of hexahedrons, for example. Hexahedrons are, naturally, nothing like cubes.Other game elements include (harmless) lasers, hovering robo-mines (not so harmless) and even some sort of holographic recording system (makes brain hurt).It took me about 35 hours of nearly always enjoyable gameplay to complete almost every goal in the game. The difficulty level was almost perfect; maybe just a teensy bit too easy, but there was still enough challenge for rewarding play.The GoodThe environments are beautiful and the graphics rendering, while not cutting edge, is very good.Bonus:Not-state-of-the-art meant the frame rates were consistently good.Puzzle difficulty seemed a little easy at first but later on there were a few hard ones that were satisfying to solve. If you’re experienced with these sorts of games you’re unlikely to get stuck for a long time. If you’re a completionist like me there might be a few ones that have you thrashing about for an hour or so before you realize you’re missing the obvious solution.Bonus:Getting to tell myself how smart I was after finding some of the hidden stars.The story was an interesting if lonely one; don’t expect to have much in the way of meaningful interaction with NPCs; however there are a couple of regulars to keep you on your toes. The story is told through reading text excerpts and listening to audio logs, and has some poignant moments. Take a robo-tissue. You can also skip the reading if you’re just interested in the gameplay and still get to the end.Bonus:Getting a free philosophy course.The story also had an amazing amount of geeky self-consistency (yes, that’s a pro - you know it is): almost everything in the game was explained or at least alluded to.Bonus:There was even an explanation of why your in-game character had your steam name!None of the puzzles tested your leet twitch skilz, which is pro for an old gamer like me. I found some jumping puzzle easter eggs which required some patience, but you can solve all the story puzzles (and get all of the achievements) without lightning reflexes. Some of the areas seem like they need good timing to begin with, but there’s usually a safer way of doing it!Bonus:Still got it with the jumping skilz, baby!I also appreciated the motion sickness options on the menu. For some reason, when I started playing I did get some motion sickness (unusually) but expanding the field of view and playing with a couple of the other options seemed to help.Bonus:Not throwing up over fancy mech keyboard.The BadThe game save system suffers from consolitis - no manual saves, only checkpoint saves. It only keeps a limited number of recent saves, which interacts poorly with the achievements - to get some of them you’ll probably have to restart from the beginning because you can’t go back far enough with the saves.Bogus:Having to restart to get more achievements.Some of the puzzles are pure filler and are not challenging at all; all you have to do is go through the motions to solve them. Given the number of puzzles in the game, it wouldn’t have hurt to cut a few.Bogus:Doing all the boring puzzles again after restarting.I was not a fan of the tetromino lock puzzles; I solved them using a few basic principles and a lot of trial and error. I didn’t find them fun at all, the small ones were easy, the big ones were annoying. I suppose they might appeal to some people. But I can understand why they were included, and they even had an historical justification which was revealed later in the game.Bogus:Doing all the annoying locks again after restarting.Achievements have a few minor annoyances - the main one for me being that some of the achievements require the DLC, so without it you can’t get them all. This might be a limitation with steam, because the in-game achievement list doesn’t show those ones. Also, some requirements felt misplaced; you’ll get many achievements automatically for game progress, but do something amazing and nada.Bogus:Collecting all the sigils. ALL OF THEM. No immediate gratification in the form of a little box in the corner of my screen appearing for three seconds. A little part of me rejoiced for a moment, then died quietly inside. Seriously, dev dudes, that was an achievement, unlike opening the door near the start of the game or whatever...Finally, a certain text interaction element of the game felt a bit stilted to me, and at times restricted you to some rather odd responses, so I didn’t really find that very engaging.Bogus:Not really caring.The UglyNothing. This game, like your humble reviewer, looks, sounds, plays and smells good.The VerdictHighly recommended for all fans of puzzle games that include cubes. Of course, this is not one of those games. This is a puzzle game with hexahedrons."
76561198041636869,Recommended,257510,19927554,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Brother Alpha,"This game has excellent puzzles with a wide variety of mechanics to play with. Some of them are beyond hard, but it is satisfying to complete. Additionally, the story / philosophy behind the game is very engaging to explore. However, some of the dialogue choices are not very precise. (I don't carehow precisely you can arrange tin cans and string, you will never create an artificial intelligence, because there is limitations in your materials.)"
76561198027750503,Recommended,257510,20282894,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Fjuri,"I have never experienced such wonder about consciousness ever.I cried, several times ;')"
,Recommended,257510,20346523,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Akane,This game was overall great. I've wanted to play this game ever since it came out. The settings were beautiful as well as the music (I even got this sh*t as my CS:GO music kit). Storyline was also good as well. It was very fun finding some sort of cheat or bug with the walls  to place tools on the other side. Having a fight with a computer is completely hilarious dispite the serious setting. I think most people agreed  in the reviews they made of this game said it was like portal without the sweet portal guns. OFF TO THE DLC!Overall satisfactory 8.9/10
,Recommended,257510,20225948,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ptolemy I (#2 was a loser),"This game is not for you people out there who enjoy games like COD, where its all shooty-shooty kill-kill. (Don't try to hide it, you know who you are.) This game has absolutely no violence, no action, and is slow paced with all logic based puzzles, no ninja skill ones like you occasionally get in portal. And yet, I alway get an adreneline rush by playing it. The story is amazing, the voice acting is exsquisite, the philosophy is thought provoking, and the puzzles are challenging and legitimately fun. This game is a must have for all of you puzzle gamers out there who have already played every game that has to do with portal and want more excellence. Buy this game. Now."
,Recommended,257510,20234839,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,papi in da houze,This is the best game ever made.
,Recommended,257510,20016729,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Slender Chicken,It's a pretty cool game with decent graphics and cool puzzles but in the end the puzzles seemed to be repetitive and at some points even annoying. This is a good game if you enjoy less action packed puzzle games. But If you are new to puzzle games I would not recommend this.
,Recommended,257510,19976289,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Johnny,"Play as a computer arguing with a computer on your computer.Buy it, you won't regret it at full price, you'll be extactic at this sale price."
,Recommended,257510,20028141,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,whoop,"This was an amazing game for me, picked it up during the winter sale and it was well worth $9.99. I would have paid full price for this.If you loved portal the this game will fill the void of not having a new portal for so long. I believe this is actually longer than the portal games.If you like puzzle games in general then this is a must.If you just like games, get this.If using any amount of your brain makes you cry in the fetal position on the floor, skip this game.10/10 for gameplay/puzzles, not super difficult but not easy either.9/10 for story, the story is interesting if you pay attention to the terminals throughout the game, its nothing new but I enjoyed it.P.S. I loved the movement in the game, you have such fast movement that feels similar to quake so if you're a quick solver for the puzzles you can basically speed run them which feels very satisfying."
,Recommended,257510,16461273,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Belcris Aldurson,"Wow, just wow!Reminds me of Myst and I loved that one."
,Recommended,257510,16460473,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Meatrocket Mike,"wow, just wow.Just played this and im already blown away. Bought it for 12 euros and i feel guilty because this game is worth so much more. The puzzles are clever, the story seems to be mysterious and I cant wait for more of this.20/10"
,Recommended,257510,16461352,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,gesuhs12,10/10 made me question my sanity
,Recommended,257510,16458530,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Yoshi: Sly Merc,"The best game that you've probably never heard of.Philosophical puzzles outside the test chambers; logic puzzles inside the test chambers.Imagine Portal, but harder, deeper, and richer in both the gameplay sense and the story sense.10/10. Buy now, especially when on sale."
76561198087422908,Recommended,257510,16465522,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Hunzza,This is an amazing game guys ! worth every cent :) It effectively corporates nice graphics and environmental features with puzzle solving ideologies in a futuristic and enjoyable manner !
,Recommended,257510,16458355,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Till,"If you like puzzlers, buy it. It's pretty good."
,Recommended,257510,16462608,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,CmachiNistC,Fantastic first person puzzle game!!!  The graphics and sound are really good but what stands out is the puzzle design.  I recommend this to anyone who enjoyed Portal or anyone who generally likes puzzle games.
76561198122873080,Recommended,257510,31723763,Posted: 13 May,all,CoboltRaner,"I am only close to completing the game as it is, so I can't comment on the ending yetOverall this is a very good game, but if you are not into puzzles it's not for you.The biggest flaw of the game is that the puzzles feel like a chore after a while, but the theme of the game makes up for it. It is a challenge to test your faith, and you're supposed to feel dread over the many many challenges. I recommend taking a break of a few weeks in between playing it so it feels fresh.Flaw number 2 is the story of the game. Most of it is delivered via texts you find on computers. There is at least one in every world and 2-3 texts every time. After a hvile i gave up on reading them because it took too long and didn't make sense if you couldn't remember the ones you read weeks ago. The other part is delivered via the persons (or are they persons???) in the game. None of them makes much sense and I for one have no idea what is really going on yet. I plan on one day sitting down and reading all those texts through, but man... I must be really bored on that day.The 3rd flaw is the messengers who can help you if you can't figure out a puzzle. You have a limited amout of time that you can use them. When you use one, you can't be sure that they actually tell you what you want and you have so few of them that you feel cheated when you don't get the information you need. They also take a lot of time to get, which is just annoying.The 4th and final flaw of the game is tetris puzzles. Everytime you complete a puzzle, you get a tetris block. You need to arrange them in a certain pattern to proceed. Kind of like a mini-game. But it feels out of place and uneccesary.Now to the positive stuff :)-  The puzzles are hard (which is good) and sometimes they feel impossiple. If that happens, stop playing and come back the next day and you will see it in a new light. It works for me.-  One of the people who talk to you is a girl who drops some very interesting monologues about life (she the one who talks in the trailers)-  Elohims voice is what you expect from a god-  Letting the snake into your heart-  The gliches in your field of view to remind you that there is something wrong with everything-  The QR-codes from other people that have come before you. Some of them are very unsettling-  The existential dread you feel from time to time-  I am scared of Elohim and what he will do to me if I let the snake into my heartThe gameplay is what makes this game good. The puzzles are well-crafted and I haven't seen anything like them before. Plus, you could probably write a looong article about the texts and dialogue and what they mean. The creators have definetely put a lot of work into this."
,Recommended,257510,31776637,Posted: 15 May,all,2B or not 2B,"If you are fan of Portal like puzzle games this is the right game for u.The concept is nice - about existence, what it to means to be human etc. Cool story with multiple endings..Puzzles are good, new elements introduced along the line which makes game interesting at all times..Only problem i found is the difficulty level of puzzles are kind of polarized.. either too easy or too difficult.9/10"
76561197970566731,Recommended,257510,31710738,Posted: 12 May,all,Azyke,One of my all time favorite puzzle games. Second only to Portal/Portal 2. Very atmospheric with great visuals. Storyline is enjoyable as well. Puzzles start off easy and gradually work up to more difficult introducing new concepts one at a time. Only the bonus/challenge puzzles were real difficult and required any help. Lots of easter eggs you can find. Only found a few on my own though.
,Recommended,257510,15365001,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Statick,"ThisPuzzlegenre is quickly becomming my favorite. I loved both Portal games, Q.U.B.E, Anti-Chamber, and Quantum Conundrum, and have been waiting for something else like them to pop up. This game did not dissapoint.Definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,257510,25072276,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,WeirdnAwesome,"EDIT: I have completed the game. I cannot unsee what I have played, and this game will haunt the recesses of my mind for the rest of my mind. 100/10. It would take a long time to find a game that tops this.TLDR: 10/10.As of writing this, I still have not completed the game. I am at stage 3 out of 4, but I am compelled to write a review for this game, because it is an absolute gem. I discovered it during a steam sale, and egged on by highly positive reviews, decided to give it a try.PROS:- Amazing scenic views, and a mix of environments/weathers. The graphics is amazingly beautiful. There is something so pure and slightly eerie about the completely peaceful environment - you immerse yourself in its water features, wind, rain and all, and you realize you are alone in the game, which evokes immersurable feelings akin to that of going on a long hike on your own.- This game is smart. And it lets you know YOU are smart as well. It is almost like portal without a vicious narrator, and challenges you not just through its puzzles, but also in the lore (who are you, why are you here, etc) and its constant philosophical ramblings. I even found myself getting frustrated and juggling deep conversations with the AI in the game - this is a game that knows its full of theories, secrets and knowledge, and shares it with you.- Good learning curve- Really really fun easter eggs. I swear you'll never notice them!CONS(not really):- This game really takes the breath and energy out of me. I am currently playing it in batches of puzzles because some puzzles really require you to step away for a bit, then return. (Even the AI suggests that when you take too long)- The static sounds are a tad loud? (but completely part of the game, so don't worry)Overall, if you want to re-experience the joys of portal, coupled with the stanley parable, amazing graphics, superb storyline and immersive gameplay, buy this. You WONT regret it."
,Recommended,257510,31760347,Posted: 14 May,all,Involuntary Doppelgänger,Portal-esque puzzles that are challenging and rewarding.Storyline that makes you question your own existence.10/1011/10 with rice.
76561198009875854,Recommended,257510,28268013,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Daedreath,"I have wanted to leave a comment about this game for a long time, and I have spent much thought into it as it's my first game comment ever. But my previous thoughts did not know at the time, the genius behind this. This game transcends modern day psychology with true hermetic philosophy. I always wondered what CroTeams fascination with Egypt (Hermes the founder of Hermeticism) has been in their games. It's a perfect example of climbing the Qabalistic Tree of Life. And I think, the greatest Easter Egg in this game is that realization. The only problem? No guns to blow up Aliens with. But I think CroTeam has broken their ruach and gone crazy, in a socially acceptable way of course, and that's why they make such great games! (maybe that's where their joyous humor comes from ;D) I always wondered what it was about this game that touched some part of my mind, and with my recent studies, I now know! I'm going to play this game again and break down every aspect and see the comparison with Hermetic Teaching, the symbolism is there and it's wonderful. Truly, this game is Transcendental. Buy it, it will help you along The Path.*warning possible spoilers*I think the alternate endings put great emphasis on the True emphasis of this game. The hardest ending had a very specific result that I think, puzzled most players, as it did me at first. I believe the True ending is the best one, and it isn't as difficult to get. Do we toil in all the knowledge we can of this world, or do we Ascend to the top of the tree of life and wake up in the only True Ultimate Reality----"
,Recommended,257510,20380594,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Kusei,"This game is great, every element of it looks like it has been carefully designed, with a lot of easter eggs to discover and different possible ends that makes it my favourite game out of all.The futuristic theme is awesome, and also the voices and how the game progress."
76561198030750277,Recommended,257510,31894576,Posted: 21 May,all,ChiliSamsung,"This was honestly one of the best games I've every played. Fantastic story, very thought-provoking, and the puzzles are in my opinion a step above Portal 2's. Definitely take in the atmosphere, read all the logs at the terminals, and take it all in. Oh also, DO NOT watch the trailers or anything they really spoil the story, its best to go in completely blind."
,Recommended,257510,17594038,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Noshdul,"An absolute must-play for fans of good puzzles, original ways of story-telling and thinking outside the box. An extremely rewarding experience with well thought-through puzzle elements and a multi-layered narrative that draws you in and invites you to explore. Definitely worth playing!"
76561197997561794,Recommended,257510,26239300,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Alex Hs,"This game jumped straight into my top 5 games list. All the fat has been cut off this game and you are left with just pure good content. Still, i wouldnt recommend this blindly to all my friends. The little rewards you get are basicly just thought provoking texts on a computer screen and a little conversation with a computer program. So if you are a ""skip the dialouge"" kind of gamer then this game is probably going to bore you.The difficulty curve of the puzzles is very well thought out and they are able to keep it fresh even though its the same basic concept over and over. for example at first you'll have things placed in a way that sort of hints towards what you should do, and once you are getting good at it towards the they will start putting false hints that are just there to keep your thought ""in the box"" when the solution of the puzzle is doing something ""out of the box"" from what you have been conditioned into thinking.It's been a long time since ive had this much sense of accomplishment from a game as i have gotten from solving the most difficult puzzles and getting those pesky stars.The music is relaxing, the ambience is great and the voice acting is well done.never encountered a single (Unintentional) bug or glitch throughout the game.Get this game."
,Recommended,257510,22929883,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Elv02,"A truely stunning and immersive experience.  The best puzzle game I have ever played and one of the best games I have ever played.  Although not for everyone, if you are into philosophy, exploration and non-linear world building; as well as a fan of puzzles like the test chambers found in Portal, you will love this game.TL;DR:9.8/10 a near perfect masterpiece with excellent storytelling, challenging yet satisfying puzzles and fantastic visuals"
,Recommended,257510,13811041,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ExodusXD,"Amazing game, 10/10."
,Recommended,257510,14009990,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,dstr,Genius!
,Recommended,257510,22919197,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Zimos,"Quite a decent puzzle and storyline for me.Try adjust the setting as best as I could and still fall into motion sickness. If you experience the same, try take a break once in awhile."
76561198051636804,Recommended,257510,22920526,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,jazzbonejoe,"This game was completely mind-blowing.  Story-rich, engaging, intriguing, fun, and the ending... what a cathartic pay-off.  I'd read books and seen movies that were so good, I wished I could experience them again for the first time, but never until now with a game.  WOW!"
76561197963225946,Recommended,257510,22920072,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,PainInThe*ss,"Fantastic game!!The puzzles are just the right difficulty, very rewarding. I didnt enjoy so much a good puzzle game since Antichamber.The story, and all the philosophical background, is amazingly moving.The graphics are astouding at 4K resolution, I really enjoyed just contemplating the details of the landscapes. With such environments a VR version would be a blast!The music is first class (in fact I bought the soundtrack as a DLC), and the voice acting is top notch.I completed the game in roughly 45 hours, but didnt do all the gold stars stuff, and some puzzles really got me scratching my head quite a bunch of times, so I will have to revisit the game at some point to see the extra levels (just opened the first one ;)Kudos to Croteam, you made a masterpiece :)"
76561198007565088,Recommended,257510,22922358,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,CosmicJoker42,"Loving how existential the story gets! Good puzzles, too. Engaging, but not so mind-bending as Portal."
,Recommended,257510,20470899,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,fake and gay,"SPOILERS.This game is really lovely, despite its occasional clunkiness. The philosophical overtones can be largely ignored if narrative isn't in your interest, and the game so far entirely lacks cinematic cutscenes.Gameplay:having just finished Portal 1 + 2 co-op + single-player, it's impossible not to spot many similarities to Talos.I don't see a problem with this. It's everything satisfying about Portal(s) but entirely original with no derivative feel--just some familiar mechanics.Here's what's the same-ish:lasers + receptors, weighted cubes, a silent + mostly faceless protagonist, a looming endgame, lethal guard turrets, no death/respawn penalization, and overworld hubs that lead to different worlds.Here's what's different:the puzzles are far more complex and allow for a larger variety of permutations + positions to try out leading to a lot of improvisation/head-scratching, mini-games, new tools like the recorder or fan, and a different approach to verticality--it's less about momentum + propulsion and more about opening up new lines-of-sight and the clever bypass of obstacles unsolvable on ground-level.I mention Portal(s) because concepts will seem familiar to you if you've played them. The comparison ends there. Talos is different. It's much less linear. Commentary from the guiding NPC is minimized compared to GladOS. As far as I know, the endgame allows for multiple possible endings. As you progress, terrains and cultural influences on architectures shift, and there is a lot of extra space and ruins to explore looking for encoded graffiti both designed into the game and painted there by your Steam friends.Let's stop talking about Portal.Graphics & other stuff:The look is disconcertingly sharp. There is no atmospheric fall-off of detail (haze) meaning that everything is equally sharply (and somewhat roughly) rendered, especially the texture on flora (bushes/trees) and walls/buildings, making a couple of puzzles feel like one of those I Spy spot-the-object challenges. The interactive puzzle bits and hub bits are all beautifully rendered--the particle effects when teleporting, the lasers, the atmosphere/climate. The music is GOOD. You can get a CS:GO music kit replacement featuring Talos music for when you get in more of a shmup mood.It's a true puzzle-lover's game designed for the impatient or eager who may want to barrel through a few levels without plot holdups. The story kind of rides along with you as you move from world to world. The puzzles are untimed, allowing for thoughtful gameplay + allowance for adjusting the order of things to suit your learning style (proceed to other worlds, return and older puzzles may suddenly make sense).It's a true 10/10 for me. It's everything I've ever wanted in a puzzle game, more or less. Buy it."
,Recommended,257510,16710128,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,yegods,"I both recommend this game, and hate it.  It is a refreshing take on the puzzle game.  The 3D environments are interesting, and the story (if you bother to read all the logs) is engaging.  However, some of the puzzles are so finicky as to be beyond endurance, and very frustrating.  I found myself loathing to play, even though during the good times, it is fun and compelling.  I think there should be a way to bypass a puzzle once you've died fifty million times at it."
76561198008320655,Recommended,257510,16542017,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Adnamhain,Just an amazing experience that any fan of cerebral games would be remis to not play
,Recommended,257510,20160585,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[scah],"""Is this real life?""As a piece of art, The Talos Principle works magic engaging the player in a lush, beautiful atmosphere with deep, thought provoking messages. Is there such thing as free will? What is the essence of humanity? All questions presented through both the in-game narrative as well as the excerpts found on the terminals while exploring the game.However, as a puzzle game, The Talos Principle actually falls short of itself later on in the game. Where puzzles at the beginning of the game gave you all the information you needed and it was up to the player to use said information, puzzles closer to the end of the game have more of a challenge of not presenting necessarily all the information to the player when needed. This is not always a bad thing, but the lack of conveyance through level design actually left a sour taste in my mouth after completing some of the later puzzles. On a side note, the grid sigil puzzles felt unneccessary to me, although others may disagree (stating that they raise the difficulty ceiling in the late game).With that in mind, the rest of the puzzles in the game are extremely rewarding without being too difficult. Often, the puzzles will build upon previously learned mechanics which were purposefully taught through the level design. Completing a red sigil puzzle early in the game, for example, feels incredibly rewarding when you finally piece together all the small little intracacies of the puzzle and collect your sigil. Star puzzles and a lot of the easter eggs in the game also offer a feeling like this, however, they rely sometimes on breaking the game's continuity as well as the previously mentioned problem with conveyance (which is to be expected since they encourage exploration most of the time rather than problem-solving).Even with its slight problems in design, The Talos Principle was probably one of the best games I played all year, and I cannot wait to jump into the DLC when I have a chance!00111000 00101110 00110101 00101111 00110001 00110000"
76561198024075053,Recommended,257510,15671012,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ps-vrisak,"I haven't wrote a lot of reviews on Steam, but I had to for this game.This is the best First Person Puzzler since Portal 2. I think even it is better then Portal series in some ways.This game makes you really think...It is also really engaging I had to finish it on all different endings in the same day.Would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,257510,14172172,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Donnie Totoro,"The worst part of this game was not getting to play it longer :)  However, for a puzzle game, I give it a 10/10 regardless. There are still many more easter eggs I'll have to look out for the next time I decide to pick it up.The Talos Principle does an excellent job of sticking its hand into our deepest thoughts and then stirring. The dialogue with MLA is a satisfactory way of exploring the conundrums we face with morality, ego, humanity, etc... while being understandably limited. The extra text in the game was thoroughly planned out and gave a splendid flow to the progression of your knowledge of the game's plot as well as the backstory. I could not be more pleased with this aspect of the game or the theme chosen for the game's ""fluff"" text and environment.The puzzles themselves proved mildly difficult; however, the stars added a nice mixture of map exploration (the maps are beautiful) as well as more difficult puzzles to unravel. The mechanics of the game were very well done and allowed for almost no ways to cheat the system.Spoilers:I enjoyed the use of an ultimate authority, a deity, as a symbol of the role rebellion/independence plays in consciousness. Putting this challenge to authority at the very end of the game was a fitting parallel to the line of questioning MLA presents you with and fits the Egyptian mythos and their will to cheat death. Also, the story is more enjoyable being one of the more plausible ways we could attempt to enjoy a legacy if human beings were to vanish as a species. Oh, the hex-code bonus in the text was a nice touch as well :)"
,Recommended,257510,14834075,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Curly Spencil,"While I haven't quite finished the game yet ( I think I'm nearing the end), it's been one of the most thought provoking experiences I've ever had.  The game has done a very good job of keeping me engaged and thinking, something that is rare in the gaming world today, at least for me.  The main puzzles are just challenging enough to make you border on frustration, but leave you very satisfied once you've completed them.  Collecting the stars, on the other hand, are borderline impossible to get all on your own.  I've resorted to looking at a guide for some of them, and I scratch my head at how in the world I was supposed to figure a few of them out.  Overall, I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves a good puzzler and/or enjoys philosophy."
,Recommended,257510,15052070,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Derp3,"The Talos Principle is a very awesome and deep game.The Puzzles in each level and world are thoughtfully created and look beautiful!The game eases you in. No tutorial just a quick explanation what the controls are.You have to think for yourself. If you want help from the game, you have to earn it with a trickier puzzle.It makes you think outside the box, if you want to complete the game with 100%While you complete puzzles you find out more about where you are, what you are and what your purpose there is, while your only communication-possibilities are terminals across the worlds and levels. And the only one who talks to you, is someone or something that questions your reality and what you are.As I have played it through, but have not completed it, I recommend this game to everyone who loves a great story, likes to think and play puzzlegames.Also, you need to have a good computer. The Talos Princilple has almost too great grafics.10/10"
76561198030569517,Recommended,257510,31086810,Posted: 11 April,all,J5,I enjoyed it. Challenging puzzles at time. My only note is that I got motion sickness so I increased the FOV which helped.
,Recommended,257510,31084407,Posted: 11 April,all,whiteleyj,enjoy this throughly
76561198034062350,Recommended,257510,31087390,Posted: 11 April,all,refriedHean,Really great 1st (or third) person 3D environmental puzzle game. Play it if you like games like Portal and The Witness.
76561198008431954,Recommended,257510,31086292,Posted: 11 April,all,#PlzStopSuck,"It's not just a game. It is The Game. Brilliant atmosphere, puzzles, awesome storyline, fantastic graphics, a lot of easter eggs, secrets. There are even different endings here! Also it has great DLC for another 15 hours of gameplay.I should say, it's my favourite puzzle game of all time. Strongly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,13917541,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Kure[DJS],"I played this game because of the cat on the main pic.Seriously, I enjoyed the first minutes of the game, smooth display, no bugs, quick moves... And respawns.The story seems interesting, even if I didn't played enough. The gameplay is fine...Finally, I recommand this gamefor all the puzzle solvers and portal fans."
,Recommended,257510,15242490,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Chappy.Bueno,"My very first impression of The Talos Principle, like many others was that it has a huge Portal influence but as I played in it becomes clear that it may have Portal's beloved environmental first person puzzle mechanics but it's also so much more and unwise to harshly compare the two.It's a game that outdoes itself, standing taller on it's own than Portal; containing many thrills for those who wish to delve deeper into the philosophy tidbits and escape the comic relief of the Portal games for something a bit more grown up. The comedy is still totally available though, because Croteam thought ofthattoo with the Serious Sam DLC.This game feels like a journey made just for you but that's just because The Talos Principle is insanely well crafted and I say crafted not made because it obviously takes some skill to create something so polished on every front. From the impeccable controls, to the beautiful puzzle scapes, to the smart voice acting and to the clever puzzles themselves. This is a title that virtually leads you down the garden path to mental satisfaction.Length wise it's perfect; just enough that you're satisfied but also left with a small stinging disappointment that it's all over, enough to bring you back for perhaps a second installment.ProsControls play like a dream.Beautifully detailed and thought provoking puzzle scapesPuzzles can be genuinely mind flexing.Plays well on middle range pootersConsIt ends and has no replay value once the puzzles are solved, if you have a good memory that is.Got a bit bored with the hecidecimal coding...Some of the puzzles are a little TOO easy although I realise this is mainly to express game mechanics to the player.In short I'm very impressed. The Talos Principle is a work that catapults environmental puzzle games back into the limelight and is genuinely a piece that anyone can enjoy."
,Recommended,257510,16533343,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kylo Ren,"Although the actual gameplay may not be as exciting asPortal, the game excels in every other aspect, a memorable classic.If you thoughtPortalwas groovy, then you'll totally dig this.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,16635172,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,space dog,A beautiful game.
,Recommended,257510,16862679,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,rewptalityy,One of the best games Steam has to offer!9.5/10
,Recommended,257510,20328619,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Mononoke,"This game is a masterpiece.Let me list the pros and cons of everything.PROS+ Excellent storyline.+ Great mysteries.+ A lot of easter eggs.+ Is the content of the workshop.+ Graphic.+ Music.+ Lots of interesting text and stories. (Just like steam in the community).There is still a lot, a lot of pluses. They simply do not list!MINUSESTHEY ARE NOT HERE!10/10 kittens."
,Recommended,257510,26943253,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lubanja,portal-like lazy review you're welcome
,Recommended,257510,17092321,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,MrVclv,"This is seriously one of the best games ever.  Multi-layered story, beautiful visuals, very calming soundtrack. It wasnt really difficult to merge with your playable character and seriously wonder  and think about philosophy mentioned in this game.One of my favourite ,,past time"" activities is actually listening to audio logs of Alexandra Drennan. From the perspective of a robot, looking to a distant past, it is somehow calming.I definitely recommend this game. Play it. Then play it again to find alternative solutions (and of course to hunt the achievements). Then download DLC with voice of Serious Sam and Play it again. But why am I telling you this? You will want to do that anyway :) )"
,Recommended,257510,17198403,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Chapsie,Only a few hours but it has already started to make me question life... good job.Had me questioning myself more than the Animatrix.
,Recommended,257510,17172157,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Luraman ʸᵃʸ,"A level-based first-person puzzler that rewards exploration with an overarching storyline. Except for the puzzles a lot of the game is about exploring the world that you've been born in and trying to figure out what's going on. The story isn't fed to you, but is instead found through terminals and QR codes (Readable ingame) scattered throughout the many levels and hubareas. The levels mechanics aren't fed to you either. For some players it's great to figure out a new mechanic for themselves, while others might feel a bit cheated when they weren't aware of certain possibilities. The game also have 30 optionally collectable stars that are for the most part VERY challenging to get expanding the playtime significantly. I'd say the main game has atleast 20 hours of gametime and with Steam Workshop, hopefully some dedicated fans will bring us more. The price tag is a bit high, but luckily there's a free demo you can try out first to see if it interests you. All in all one of the best games I've played in years and definitely worth a recommendation."
,Recommended,257510,17782937,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Cyrus5,"Incredibly addictive game, I *think* I'm nearing the end, but there is still so much more to do - 25 hours in and I can honestly say this has blown my mind. The puzzle difficulty is progressive and incredibly rewarding, there are some real gems in there, who ever came up with them was a complete nut case - there is a lot of depth in the game too, the background and story is incredibly well written, and for me this was completely unexpected, but I honestly can't wait to see how the game ends!!54 68 69 73 20 67 61 6d 65 20 67 65 74 73 20 6d 65 74 61The music, the writing, the gameplay, its all there - and its brutally good! I want my life back, but it can wait until after the DLC."
,Recommended,257510,17192065,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,HighFlyer96,"AbsolutelyYES!This game is special as I have never seen it before. As you can see, it has great graphics and the atmosphere is so special. It is astonishing.It lets you think about yourself, our society, our history, our future and why we are what we are. It gives a lot of questions but the game sometimes let you find answers about the question. I'm defenately not the one, who loves to read long textes in games, but this game was an exception. I read every text and searched for more because they are so critical about everything or have good storys to tell. It is really interesting. Interesting as the philosophy lessons should be. Defenately worth to buy it (support this team, they do a great work!), to play it and to think about it."
76561197961161199,Recommended,257510,16849552,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Rick Dangerous,"This is one of the most rewarding games i have ever played.The puzzles ranges from quite easy to challenging. But thepuzzles is not necessarily the best thing about this game.I need to add that i was completely blown away by this game.What a surprise this game is, the only words that trulydescribes it is uniqe, fantastic, masterful and sensational.This is one of those games that all true gamers musthave on their ""top 10 need to play lists"". If you don'thave a list like that, make one, and put this game veryhigh up. You deserve to experience it.For over 30 years i have been playing games, onall consoles, computers, arcades and systems knownto man. I rate this game top 20 of all time in anygenre.There is not really anything negative to mention,except it might be a bit long. But for me the endingmade up for all the hardship.What really stands out in the game is theatmosphere. The music is brilliant, and the voiceacting is godlike. (pun intended).Now if you haven't played this game yet, do itnow. You deserve it.10/10 Masterpiece*Top 20 game ever made*Other games on my top 20 list for reference:Not in order..SkyrimHalf-LifeHalf-Life 2Frozen SynapseCivilization VMetal Gear Solid (Ps1 Original)BioHazard (Ps1 Original)The Secret of Monkey Island (Amiga version)Portal 2GTA V"
76561198054298242,Recommended,257510,16825453,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,fals profit,"""My child my name is ELOHIM and you must buy this game and come to my tample ASAP!""This game have ""Motion Sickness Option"" can you believe that !?If you like puzzle games you might want to buy this."
,Recommended,257510,17913776,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Cpt. Cook {NL},"Amazing game, unlike any other and it's HARD!"
,Recommended,257510,17862429,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Muad'Dib,"Amazing game! Every word, every scene, every puzzle, every thought, amazing without compare!"
76561198009935166,Recommended,257510,17493387,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,furrybananas,"Started playing, oh yeah looks like a different take on portal, I like portal so kept playing....OMG when you realise it's a microsm of reality you start paying attention to the story.the endings are awesome, and the easter eggs are lots of fun"
,Recommended,257510,16499149,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,fst,"If you like Portal and wouldn't mind if it was longer, far more serious, but less coherent (puzzles are little bit separate from the world and story) and action packed, this game is for you."
76561198041669061,Recommended,257510,31089005,Posted: 11 April,all,simyaap,"Absolutely a great game. I personally don't play many puzzle games so I waited until this game was on sale before I bought it in the event I didn't like it. This game is wonderful coming from a person who doesn't really like puzzles. There is so much more to this game than the puzzles. There is atmosphere, good story, great music, exploration and secrets. This is a real gem, trust the high praise."
76561198060378818,Recommended,257510,16583259,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,[AA] Bluesky,You thought Portal's puzzles were difficult?hahaHAHAHA
76561198021752645,Recommended,257510,19710017,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Harlinos,"A million times yes, if you love puzzle games, get this.. if you love thought provoking narrative... get this! I watched a previous housemate play through parts and fell in love but having finished it myself, you have to play it through yourself to appreciate it, and the questions it raises, fully!One of the best games I've ever played... seriously ;-)"
,Recommended,257510,26849200,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,D-Hobo,Easily one of the best puzzle games I have ever played. The narrative was fantastic.
76561197979253378,Recommended,257510,26593669,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Miyuki,Puzzles with a purpose!  It's a great adventure game with a deep story that will make you think.  The puzzle's mecanisms are challenging and will force you to think outside the box.  You can feel in this game that the developpers took great care to make it the best they could.
76561198033055337,Recommended,257510,26610122,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,khaosklng,A fantastic puzzle game with an amazing story. The puzzles increase in difficulty at a good rate and even the really hard ones can be accomplished in short amount of time once you find out the solution. Some of the more difficult puzzles even require using other puzzles to solve.
,Recommended,257510,28950490,Posted: 2 January,all,remppis,"Very well constructed mystery/puzzle game. Some puzzles towards the end of the game made me feel very dumb, which is a good thing. Some of the extras (stars) which unlock the special ending were probably too well hidden, cant really see how anyone could figure them all out without seeking some all knowing youtubean guidance. All in all, thoroughly enjoyable experience, almost perfect in its own genre! Well done Croteam."
,Recommended,257510,29503418,Posted: 26 January,all,IMBAker,"Got this game expecting neat puzzles, but got much more. Very well designed challenges in a beautiful world with very well integrated story telling, the plot is very deep and thought provoking, lovers of scifi will specially enjoy it."
76561198170439735,Recommended,257510,28840319,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tyrannius,"Definition of Talos principle:Talos principle - an existential crisis wrapped inside a puzzle wrapped inside a broken world.Serious review:I would compare the Talos principle with games like Portal where a story is told as you progress through puzzles. If you like games which operate like that, then you will like Talos. If you are at all interested in philosophy or theology, then you will LOVE the Talos principle. This game made me think and question views that I just took for granted, all while giving me decently challenging puzzles to work through.The only con I have about this game is something with the movement; no matter how I adjusted the video settings moving around made me feel sick. But compared with the great story and great puzzles, this game is definitely a worthy addition to any steam library, especially if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,257510,28571845,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,UdukiZ,"One of the greatest games I've played, with multiple endings that all serves well in the great setting.However I do have a question, is there an allusion to the bible in the tower line?What is the tower? The apple tree?And the cat from the easter egg would be from Ervin Schrodinger's paradox theory?Great game, I hope Nordic Game would make Talos 2 happen soon."
,Recommended,257510,26588307,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,XcessiveGenius,"Difficult at times, but makes your brain work. Many different types of tasks with various levels of difficulty."
76561198138630203,Recommended,257510,26277942,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Abraham Lincoln,"I love this game, although I would not pay the ridiculous full price for it, I got it 75% off and am entranced by the whole feel of the game. I have not finished it yet but I am already hooked on the mysterious storyline and loving the ingenious puzzles.I would not reccomend doing a marathon though, I feel that to really appreciate and take in the game you might want to do maybe 1 or 2 hours at a time to avoid feeling like its getting repetitive, even though it really isn't.8/10"
76561198041207183,Recommended,257510,26111426,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Kitty Jesus,Do you like solving puzzles? Do you like philosophy? If yes then you need to buy this game.
,Recommended,257510,25856374,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Smartnik,"Fantastic puzzle game on par with Portal, arguably even better. Great writing, smart and rewarding puzzles, very pleasant music and visuals - I love every part of this game. Considering that the studio has only made Serious Sam games in the past the work is even more impressive."
76561197975444628,Recommended,257510,26205233,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,DeadManRunning,"Short version: After reading the gaming industry's reviews on the store page and playing the game, the use of ""Masterpiece"" to describe this game is an understatement in my opinion!"
76561198281375693,Recommended,257510,31164971,Posted: 15 April,all,Rampadakoyan9,"Your first thought about the game'll be ""ehh"" but later, when you pass the next stage, you won't be able to stop yourself because the game'll soak you up."
,Recommended,257510,19789806,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Yosephus | tipofthehats.org,Fun but tedious.
,Recommended,257510,20143197,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Jupiter,"This game blew my mind. The Talos Principle is one of the best games I have ever played and the amount of work put into this game is astonishing. There's are multiple endings based on dialogue you choose while interacting with computer terminals throughout the game and choices on whether you want to climb the tower, complete all bonus puzzles, or follow elohim's order."
76561198234053152,Recommended,257510,28223173,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,redwolfzero,"Where to start...THIS GAME WAS AMAZING! At first when I saw it on the Steam Store, I thought, ""Man! This game must be for people who have a very high IQ."" BOY WAS I WRONG!Now I'm not saying that I have a low or average IQ but just looking at this game sorta intimidated me. I did decide to install the demo and play it and I quickly bought it after solving all the puzzles in the Demo. Now I want to say, every game here on steam should have a Demo as it lets you decide if it's a game you can get into.Back to The Talos Principle. There are countless puzzles for you to solve in this game and three different endings! I have played and seen all the endings and they were all great for closure of the game. I have yet to beat the DLC Road to Gehenna and will get back to it sometime. But I almost want to delete my local content and play this game again!This is a game I highly recommend for anyone who likes puzzles and problem solving. This is like the Portal series but ∞ times better! Yup, takes a high IQ to know alt code 236 or to even think of putting it in my review.I want to thank the developers for making such a great game! This has inspired me in many ways and I just can't wait to see what other games they will make in the future!PS: I HIGHLY recommend buying the soundtrack. The music is ""heavenly"" but buy the game first as you'll spend hours on it!"
,Recommended,257510,20119380,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mu5icn3rd,"The Talos Principle is First-Person or 3rd-Person puzzle game (you can switch from each sights easily),I really really enjoyed playing it, and I won't stop now, because there are two more endings left.The game is pretty similar to Portal, but to be honest, if I were you choosing between this and Portal I'd rather choose Portal, but thats another Story....I don't even know why nobody in my friendlist owns this game, in my opinion this game deserves more attention!!!all in all I rate 10/10 because it has such a nice atmosphere and game play.PS: Oh Yeah there are Easter Eggs. A lot of. Very awesome easter eggs that cheered me up.GO GET IT!"
,Recommended,257510,20655905,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Opilione,Most fun I've had since Portal 1/2!
,Recommended,257510,20528143,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Raszlo,"A puzzle game that will really make you think. There is a high chance that you will not only have to think logically (when solving the puzzles), but also that you will find yourself involved in various philosophical dilema (if you dedicate yourself to the plot).A game of unique feel, one of a kind, a must have."
,Recommended,257510,20796694,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Target Bravo,"In the beginning, there was the reviewAnd lo, it was goodAnd the people went out into the streetsAnd recommended this gameTarget Bravo V99.2.482f"
,Recommended,257510,20010553,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,urban07,"It's one of these games that make you think about them for many days after finishing.Great plot, really fun, very philosophical in some moments."
76561198136994730,Recommended,257510,21306172,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,MadWorld7,One of the best if not THE BEST puzzle game ever. It is great to play with a keyboard but it also works with a PS4 controller.It is an awsome game. The only thing it needs is co-op then it would be my favourite game.
,Recommended,257510,17446363,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Vitriolic Burn,"Talos Principle: a game about solving puzzles and suffering existential crises.And that is what makes it great.I've always been a fan of the scenic puzzle game, something with a glorious vista sa you try to fit pieces together or find the way over a seemingly-insurmountable obstacle, and Talos Principle definitely presents that sort of thing well. Can you find better graphics? Almost certainly, but there is a great deal of direction and setting of scene in Talos that is effective in evoking what the game wants you to feel... awe in the face of the divine, doubt as to what you believe and the meaning of your goals. In terms of the puzzles trhemselves, these are not challenges requiring the fastest of response times nor a deep grasp of the underlying physics engine, some are rather simple, some are very challenging, some are so simple the challenge is breaking all the mistaken assumptions you've been building up solving other puzzles. This sort of puzzle game is not much for replayability, but in the case of Talos, where the puzzles are constructed to care about getting the end result not the process, there were sometimes several different solutions to the same challenge, you may have solved it one way, but can go back and try another.In terms of the game's story, another puzzle... piece together fragments of diaries, documents, observations. Another puzzle, of a different sort, but one the game knows you're trying to solve and has ways of interacting with your efforts, force-fields and tiling locks for one's thinking not one's physical being. If the story itself is not groundbreaking, this approach to it buoys it upwards, taking advantage of what games can do as a storytelling medium. It is quite well done.If you hate solving puzzles, or if you need certainty in your stories, there probably isn't much for you in Talos Principle. But if you enjoy figuring out the world around you, how do you get to the next step, or if you sometimes muse on what it means to be human, I'm sure you'll enjoy it as immensely as I did."
,Recommended,257510,17446705,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Cailem,Damn.
,Recommended,257510,17449142,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,NikeAdam9,One of the best-written stories/gameplay I’ve had the privilege to experience.
76561198020007485,Recommended,257510,17449991,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,stilgar84,Good puzzle and intersting setting. Story is minimalist but well told.
,Recommended,257510,17452347,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Thone,I feel like this game is the truman show and i am truman(i havent finished it yet)
76561198071531076,Recommended,257510,17444713,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,iseeall,"10/10Pros:- interesting, varied puzzles which get hard pretty quick (I even had to look up for the solution on youtube for a few)- about 120 puzzles which took me about 5 days in total to solve- nice music and graphics- the story with much intrigue which kept me interested till the end, they way they chose to tell it (notes, emails, voice recordings) was great- many references to philosophy, citations from their works, pretty educationalCons (really minor stuff):- some of the conversations contained replies none of which I wanted to pick, but still had to pick something to continue- the 2nd ending lacked explanations - I really wanted to know what happened to the world but i guess they didn't bother to think that stuff thru- a few very annoying puzzles where precize timing was needed (e.g. ""Nerve Wrecker""). It's annoying when you already know how to solve a puzzle but fail to do it over and over because you fail to press a key at the precise needed moment. Thankfully, there were just a few such puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,17447777,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Peyton Farquhar,"I think The Talos Principle could go down as one of the best puzzle games ever made, it's definitely one of the best i hhave ever played. Its puzzles are challenging and require full concentration and perserverence to ensure success and when that success is finally acheived, damn it feels good. This is also very much the same for the game's lore. It revolves around multiple philsophical and religious theories and arguments and it is up to your interpretation of these theories to discover what the right way through Elohim's garden is. The Talos Principle is great in explaining itself without the player feeling patronised and does not require any real knowledge of the theories it employs going into the game, although those with an interest in the debates contained within the game will get significantly more out of playing than a casual gamer. Finally, you will learn something; whether it be about logic strategies or yourself and the world around you. Either way, you will feel rewarded at the game's end. Will you climb the tower?"
76561197968546721,Recommended,257510,17445843,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,ElectricZ,"One part Portal style puzzle play, one part philosophy lesson and it succeeded as both. The gameplay isn't as polished as Portal but it's still quite fun, especially if there's someone watching and offering advice. A few of the puzzles are ingenious, and thankfully ony a few are frustrating. The objectives on the final level in particular aren't very clear and unlike the rest of the game the last round is on a timer. But even then it's not so punishing that you'll want to smash your  keyboard in two.The philosophical side is what really surprised me, though, and I found myself wanting to complete the missions to chat more with Milton, an AI you meet early on in the game, and to read and listen to the logs left throughout the levels. Many games use auto/text logs to progress the story, but I've never played a game where they were as compelling to follow as in the Talos Principle. The story behind the project and the reasons for the individuals doing what they did were quite moving and seemed very real. The writers of the game deserve a lot of praise for creating a story that could have been overwrought and manipulative, but was instead grounded and credible, and was much more powerful as a result. It seems silly to say, but this video game made me think and not just in the sense of solving puzzles. I actually learned something from the Talos Principle, and I hope it sticks with me. As one of the ideas explored in the game, free will is a personal choice, so I guess that's up to me.Highly recommended if you like puzzle games, philosophical debates and really excellent stories about the nature of artificial intelligence."
,Recommended,257510,27527403,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,nyan nyan  (´・ω・`),"It is one of the most brilliant puzzle games with amazing story and beautiful photographic graphics, and its best puzzle is our existence."
76561197997375346,Recommended,257510,26188850,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,talescaper,"A truly magnificent game! This game is an excellent suggestion for everyone who enjoys filosophy, theology and logic puzzles. At the heart of the narrative lie some of the most important questions on religion in our time. What is the value of the promise of paradise? How does the institute of religion compare to believing you're doing the right thing?"
,Recommended,257510,26202558,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Yom,"Despite the very good reviews, I was not expecting such a great game. It is totally worth the Portal serie, replacing the bad jokes with a nice variety of philosophical concepts. Good puzzles and sci-fi story as well."
,Recommended,257510,29559399,Posted: 29 January,all,genisage,Alexandra Drennan is my favorite person. Listening to her story and hearing how hard she worked and how much she cared help make this a way better game than the puzzles alone could. And the puzzles alone are pretty good too. Certainly the most replayable puzzle game I own.
,Recommended,257510,28018304,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Carna Viire,"The topic of artificial intelligence is rather cliched, but still the game managed to give it a fresh view. The story is good and philosophical, makes you think about it. But if you don't want to - you can skip it almost entirely and focus just on solving the puzzles. The difficulty of the puzzles is just right. They are challenging enough to feel rewarded and satisfied after solving them - but you are almost never stuck enough to look up the solution somewhere on the net. It is a great game. So great that after you finish it - you may wish to forget everything so you could experience it again."
,Recommended,257510,25461137,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,lacoL`,"I highly recommend this title, love puzzels and chalanges. this is for you."
76561198003286305,Recommended,257510,15575185,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Beef Manslab,"I'm a remarkably discerning gamer. I have played hundreds upon hundreds of games, and few have actually managed to change my life.The Talos Principle is one of those games.I started playing this at a very difficult time of my life, when I felt like I didn't have control over the circumstances surrounding me. I was crushed by a sense of powerlessness, and naturally, games provided a small sanctuary from that. However, I couldn't convince myself that the empowerment I felt was real; after all, it's just pixels on a screen.This is the only game I have ever played that legitimately made me feel like I was living in another reality. From the pitch-perfect visuals, to the soul-infiltrating soundtrack, to the remarkable performances on display, to, most importantly, the goddamn writing, I was sucked in from the start. Whenever I accessed one of the story-driving terminals in the game, I felt a sense of discovery and wonder that I've never felt before in a game; the superb quality of the writing, and obvious classical literacy of the developers, helped with that considerably.And then, the puzzles. Oh my dear lord, the puzzles. I was challenged, driven to madness, validated, and forced to think in ways I didn't know a game could push me to think. This was true accomplishment. When I got that final star (yeah, I played a lot), I felt like the king of this wonderful, apocalyptic, serene, beautiful little world Croteam managed to create.After all of those trials and tribulations, heartbreak and awe, experiencing the ending was a form of real-world nirvana. I have never felt so awed, fulfilled, and humbled by a piece of entertainment. The Talos Principle goes beyond the genre, elevating itself to a place alongside some of the greatest philosophical works of all time. It's personal, epic, powerful, and nuanced all at the same time. In short, it's perfect.Even if you don't enjoy puzzle games, I invite you to step inside the world of ELOHIM. The Prophet is waiting."
,Recommended,257510,14797061,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Gillette,"Am being about halfway through the gamings and I can givings muchos recommendacións regardingThe Talos Principle. Are being sayings is likePortalwhich is not of complete untruth. Yet being muchas difference also. WherePortalhaving fast-paced und comical,Taloshaving slow-paced und philosophical. Being atmospherical und serenity. Und los puzzles not of infuriating which suiting pleasantly. However having readings ""science ficcion classicós"" it is not of explode my mind as some having suggestion. Still am of recommendación it strongfully."
76561197970278370,Recommended,257510,13489382,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Nozzy The Bear,"Not sure how far I am through the game, but what a game.  Makes you think, and it's not another rail shooter.  Seriously good fun, especially when you finally figure out a puzzle you've bashed your head in over for an hour or more.  Story rich, superb and immersive in such a unique way.  I rarely recommend games as everyones taste is different.  That said, pick this little bugger up and have some casual brain fun and drop the rail shooters for a week or two.  CroTeam rock with the SS   franchise, this is icing on the cake. Thanks."
76561198074778275,Recommended,257510,13681888,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,bkcat,"This game had me intrigued and invested throughout the whole experience. First and foremost, it's a fun puzzle game - the challenges range from simple to very difficult, and some extra challenges require good abstract thinking. It is incredibly satisfying when you complete a puzzle.The graphics and visual style are very appealing. From lush Greek ruins to mystical castles in forests, it had me exploring every bit of the surprisingly open worlds, as you can find bits of narrative hidden throughout, along with additional stars to collect.The story is fed to you through a mysterious godly voice from the sky, through computer terminals scattered around, and through collectible voice recordings. Every piece you discover adds to a greater understanding of this strange world, and leads to several ""Aha!"" moments as you realize what the heck is happening.The undertone of this game is philosophy and consciousness itself. An entity within the aforementioned computer terminals sometimes decides to chat with you about these things. I found these sessions really interesting, and I actually gained some insight from playing.I could spout on for a long time about how much of a great experience this was for me, but I won't. All I'll say is that this game is a 10/10 for me, but depending on if you like to read or really think when you play games, it may not be for everyone."
76561198194537028,Recommended,257510,14801587,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Brother Panda,"Made me question my faith and then restored it again. If I make it to heaven, it will be because of this game. ∞/∞"
,Recommended,257510,31678596,Posted: 11 May,all,MssME-Inidar,"Basically Portal without portals, and instead of cheeky humor you get a big dose of existensialism.Also motion sickness, for some reason. Either tweak the settings (there's a submenu for this specifically), stock up on Dramamine, or just deal - it's totally worth."
76561198171925573,Recommended,257510,26791815,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JIG2000,"The Talos Principle is a first-person puzzle game developed by Croteam. I personally don't usually play indie titles, but The Talos Principle caught my eye. After doing some research on the game, I bought it on sale. Personally, I enjoyed it very much.Pros:+Well designed levels+Well designed puzzles+Complex story and themes+Emphasis on choicesCons:-The first-person view may cause some motion sickness (however, you can fix this via settings)Overall, (9/10) The Talos Principle is a complex, fun, and challenging. If you love puzzle games like Portal, then the Talos Principle is definitely for you."
76561198053898276,Recommended,257510,24813067,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,DavCrav,"This is a highly entertaining puzzle game with an engaging plot that raises it above the level of standard puzzle games. Kept me interested for two playthroughs, one some time after the first, although by the nature of puzzle games it is difficult to forget some of the key elements in their solutions. I would highly recommend this to all who enjoy puzzle games, and even to those who are only mildly interested in them."
,Recommended,257510,31731588,Posted: 13 May,all,OhYeah,"Is Talos Principle the best puzzle game ever made? In other words, is it better than Portal? That is probably the question that is on your collective minds.Yes and no. It is a lot more cerebral than Portal. Portal was much more based on fast-paced action and timings, in Talos you can take your time. There is a very nice difficulty curve to this game. At times it feels like you've done many similar puzzles in a row and it gets a bit stale and then the game immediately throws something hard and different your way. Some of the puzzles are ridiculously hard, some require (literal) out of the box thinking, some are trying to misdirect you from the real solution.There is a heavy story element to the game which I personally didn't care about. It is a nice addition and probably many people liked it. I only cared about the puzzles and sharpening my own logical thinking skills.Technically this game was refreshingly good. The graphics are nice for a puzzle game, the voice acting and writing is top notch, I didn't remember seeing any glitches and I had zero crashes. Very rare in todays world, indeed.I've had a lot of fun with this game. I did enjoy it as much as the original Portal and it is definitely worth every penny. I would personally rate it 10/10 because I can't really think how one would improve this game."
76561198056736037,Recommended,257510,27234295,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jawk,After playing this i'm not even sure if i exist or not so this review could well be pointless
,Recommended,257510,31761427,Posted: 14 May,all,✪ cry0 | bolt.gg,im♥♥♥♥♥♥at puzzles not sure why i bought this
,Recommended,257510,31832272,Posted: 18 May,all,pinball wizard,"I've only just started and so far this is a rather lovely game. I love all of the little ""glitches"" everywhere, makes me think about stuff aside the concept of artificial intelligence; like whether not what I see is reality."
,Recommended,257510,20754721,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Deltia,Never thought a first person puzzler would make me question both my existance and my Tetris skills
76561198079408469,Recommended,257510,20480151,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Abyssal,"I haven't gotten all the achievements, and there i didn't read each and every entry yet so my full experience has yet to be complete but i can review this with confidence regardless.This game is amazing, i cannot begin to describe how enjoyable i found it; from the voice acting to the scenery, it's utterly immersive. But i'll go through individually to break it down.The gameplay - This game features a first or third person perspective while you go about solving puzzles for things called ""sigils"", this is the core mechanic of the game, you MUST collect these to advance, which means you MUST solve the puzzles, and frankly speaking, it was very enjoyable. I found the puzzles were not overly tricky and most involve some planning ahead, but at no point was i dreading going to the next puzzle, it never got stale, so if you do puzzles then you'll enjoy this game off of that alone. HOWEVER, that is not the only thing this game is about, The Talos Principle is a philosophical adventure as well, you are continuously guided by a deep voice called ""Elohim"" and he openly states that he is the maintainer and creator of the world you're in and that you must go along as per his wishes to trancend to heaven; this however is met with an issue when you discover another person/entity on the computers found in every level named ""Milton"" or as he is referred to by Elohim ""the serpent"". As you progress Milton will continuously press you with really challenging and thought provoking questions and this is where this game really hooked me; i literally found myself battling with flaws in my ways of thinking, it's so mind tripping and intense and i love it. If you enjoy these things then you will also like the game.Soundtrack - The sounds in this game are really scenic and help solidify the mood of the various worlds, it will at times intensify during intermission worlds such as the A, B and C buildings and at other times mellow out such as during a few of the puzzles, it very effectively immersifies as well by simulating environments, such as birds chirping with a waterfall while playing slow deep based music to really get a calm feeling seeping into the player, i was thoroughly pleased with the use of sounds in this game, especially because you can play at your own place and i found myself just stopping and looking around nice and slowly at times to really enjoy this game.Scenery/asthetics - HOLY HELL, this game was amazing with its looks; granted at times my computer would start buffering because it was on Ultra, i found that even on high i was just completely immersed and mesmerised  by the scenery; it features a realatively large closed in map in all the worlds and the look is very convincing, to the point where you go to a place where a ""messenger"" is and it was just beautiful, easily one of my favorite places.Story - I will not be doing any spoilers or anything; there are 3 endings, i've done 2 of them with the last one not being done being the ""easiest"" to accomplish (cough, basic completion); and i found myself disappointed when it ended yet completely satisfied with the endings. This games quarrels between Elohim and Milton quite apparently mirrors the ""God vs Devil"" kind of storyline, but rather than telling the player who is good or who is bad, we are tasked with trusting our instincts and coming to our own conclusions. Throughout the game as well, we see many QR codes which are translated into messages, these messages are from other sigil seekers, and they show the very different outlooks people may have when faced with such a situation as either scepticism or complacency. This game has a simple plot overall, of that there is no doubt, but it's the characters and interactions with the environment that make this game great.I've left this segment seperate, but this is also part of the story; You will find audio files, these files depict one Alexander Drennan, a person who shares her thoughts on the outlook of the world, human beings, and our creations. She touches on some deep and maybe depressing topics, but she does so effectively, she very much is, in my opinion, one of the most immersive and enjoyable aspects of the game, the voice actor Erin Fitzgerald did an amazing job voicing her and we learn the means that built up to The Talos Principle; i will not diverge into it, as i think that's part of the enjoyment and what builds a drive to find all the files and information.CONS:- There are things in the game called stars, they are what they sound like; golden stars. These things are hidden in almost every level of every Hub world (7*3) There are 30 in total, 3 are found in the Main transistional world where the tower lays. THESE THINGS ARE ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, I'm not even joking, had i not looked up a tutorial to find them all, i would never have found them, you have to do the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t things, interact multiple puzzles with each other, find hidden passages, ladders and switches and frankly, it's just tedious. Through the stars you unlock 3 worlds, these worlds have 9 sigils in total that are needed for the secret ending; I very much dislike how ♥♥♥♥ing hidden and annoying they are, i didn't even know there were so many stars needed until about halfway through. Honestly a drag, you WILL need a guide for this.- It's a bit short a game; if you're only here for puzzles, then you will have such a short playthrough; the only reason i have 20 hours on record is due to doing everything with the exception of a few acheivements; this by no means stops it from being a great game, it really is, i would buy this full price, just be wary that if you truly want to draw everythign out of the game, take it slow, otherwise you will probably be disappointed.Of all of the games i've enjoyed, this game is damn near the top, I give it a 9/10 easy, i look forward to the DLC when i can afford it.****EDIT****I've just completed the DLC Road to Gehenna, it is beautiful in its own way, it has the same atmosphere as the vanilla game, and obviously still has puzzles and <♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t> stars, but it also touches on a more existenal take, seeing many characters trapped in Elohim's prison. Going through all the messages on the boards, reading what they have and the community they've built, it really does show how society can really becomes this entangled mess. I wouldn't say it had the same impact as the vanilla, which i believe is due to the lack of voice over, (erin fitzgerald truley made the game a massive experience for me), and it definitely didn't touch much on the same existenal crisis that the vanilla did in my opinion.It was by no means disappointing, but if i hadn't have been so invested into the story of the vanilla, that i got all the endings (but the basic) then i don't think the DLC at full price (i got it during discount) would have been worth it in my opinion. I think the vanilla is the main meat of it, and the DLC wraps it in a nice little bow. Overall this game is phenomenal and i cannot stress that it will forever have a place in my heart and recommendation list."
,Recommended,257510,20725221,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,SPORTAFLOP,"A fantastic puzzle game, that learns you philosophy without sitting in boring classes!"
76561198083954161,Recommended,257510,20725556,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,arvigeus,"There are machine guns, mines, lasers, axes, but no carnage at all? 0/10"
76561198251256200,Recommended,257510,31106717,Posted: 12 April,all,Teayll,"A great game! Apart from a couple of stutters at the very start of the game, it runs smoothly and the graphics are great. The slowly developing story is great, too, (but no spoilers). Some of the puzzles are so frustrating! But that's how it should be, I suppose. I would recommend to any who have an interest in sci-fi, story-rich, puzzle games. If you liked portal, you'll like this."
,Recommended,257510,21360752,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,👻Spook My Tail™👻,"Every time I play this game I somehow question it and then question reality itself. Right from the start, you, the player are the main character in the game. There is no character that puts you in their shoes because you are the main character. It's all up to you and what you do with the points made out are up to you. Will you follow the shepard and be his mindless sheep, will you stray off track to talk with the snake, or will you create your own path? Truly be yourself and see the world from a new perspective at the hands of the Talos Principle."
,Recommended,257510,22371034,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Systematic,"Coming home after work, I looked forward to pouring myself a glass of scotch and delving into this game.  The world that the game creates provides a wonderful framework for the puzzle gameplay and cerebral backstory.  Although frustratingly difficult at times, the puzzles were well crafted and the solutions were always satisfying.If you're looking for a beautifully atmospheric walking simulator/puzzle game, I cannot recommend The Talos Principle highly enough."
76561197970428810,Recommended,257510,21589421,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Voltaire,"Some really chalanging puzzles, and a compeling story.  Graphics may not be the best.   But very enjoyable.  So too is the DLC; Road to Gehenna."
,Recommended,257510,21676915,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Joolz,Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! Or don't. It's up to you.
76561198146969075,Recommended,257510,21696961,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,show bobs pls,Step into the light child.My temple awaits you.10/10
,Recommended,257510,25377031,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Uncle Jemima,"Phenomenal.You wouldn't think that a puzzle game would be anything to write home about, and yet here I am with pen and paper. It's kind of tempting to compare this to Portal, since that's another first-person narrative-driven disembodied-voice-having game where you try to navigate rooms full of challenges. As great a culteral icon as Portal is, we would do The Talos Principle a disservice to think of it just in those terms.The core mechanics here are quite good. Solve riddles, collect sigils, use those sigils to unlock new areas with new puzzles, repeat. The puzzles themselves can range from easy to ""I've gotta take a break and come back later,"" but they never feel unfair. As you progress, the tools you can (and must) use to solve them grow and combine in interesting ways. This game would be worth playing based on the core mechanics alone.However, there's so much more here that draws you in and won't let you go. The game is absolutely beautiful in the environments it creates. Locations are familiar in that they are rooted in a particular type of place or time period, but at the same time exist in a way that would only be possible in a video game. The sound design is atmospheric and the music is both engrossing and haunting. The story and themes are suprisingly engaging and philosophical - expect to explore (and maybe be challenged about) notions of AI, consciousness, free will, purpose in life, religion, morality, mortality, reality, and basic existence.In my opinion, the narrative here is what shines the most. While it COULD have been a contrived throwaway device to move you from one puzzle/hub to another, it goes so much further and demands personal introspection. There were times where, after reading an in-game email/message or audio log, I took my hands off my keyboard/mouse and reflected on what I believe and why. I shared in wonder at the achievements of humanity, and grieved at loss. I actually felt something deep inside me - real emotion. I can't say that about most games.Should you buy it?I think so.If you're not a fan of puzzle games, the current asking price of $40 is steep, so wait for a Steam sale. However, the experience you get is absolutely worth it. If you get stuck on a few difficult challenges, don't worry; you don't need to solve them all to get the basic ending. There's also no shame in looking up hints if you get stuck. I did this a few times.If you are a fan of puzzle games, I'll wrap it up here by saying: buy this game right now. You won't regret it."
76561198035405974,Recommended,257510,25667806,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Cypherdrone,"I loved this game. Anything that can get me thinking about what it means to be alive...human...to have a conciousness is a winner of a game. Not only did I question what I thought I knew about humanity but it also solidified that fact that if I put my mind to it, I can solve anything.  I feel smarter haha.Great game with no 'bad guy'. Just you against your mind. I would recommend it to anyone who wants more to games than just the animalistic shoot and kill types.You definitely feel a great sense of pride when you complete a puzzle. And the scenery is beautiful. I would love to walk around those locations with a VR helmet to just chill...:)"
,Recommended,257510,21654760,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Hurricane Jose,If anyone says video games arent stimulating enough; just show them this.
,Recommended,257510,22884459,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,hi,Masterpiece
,Recommended,257510,22853185,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Necropolis,Already found the game very good.Then I discovered some Easter eggs.10/10
76561198051290723,Recommended,257510,23998789,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,gonzo_sensei,"Rare are the games that make you feel brighter after you complete them.The Talos Principle easily finds his place among this category.It's not only thanks to the well designed puzzles, but it's also helped by a fascinating scenario which constantly asks yourself about the notions of self-consciousness.The relaxing music and atmosphere are also a substantial advantage.Who could think such a game could emerge from the dudes who made Serious Sam?!"
,Recommended,257510,21623584,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ImpaledHutch,"An absolute masterpiece of art, level design, story, creativity... The list goes on and on. A must-buy for everyone who enjoys thinking"
,Recommended,257510,27713635,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Senpaï-dono,"One of the most brilliant, incredible, magnificent game out there."
76561198064946484,Recommended,257510,27565706,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gordon Freeman,Very good indeed
,Recommended,257510,27985815,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tomaszg,"Inteligent, with elements of subtle humour. Requires quite a bit of thinking in some levels. I'm waiting for next DLC or sequel."
,Recommended,257510,20208412,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,EtheralDreamer,"It's kind of like Portal, The Bible, and The Dark Tower series all had a love child in Greece while watching Ghost in the Shell and dropping acid...Needless to say, I love it."
,Recommended,257510,13680284,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Deviant,it's like being curb stomped by a copy of portal.gets a little armchair philosophy wank though.  not a problem.good game.
76561198124296209,Recommended,257510,32705614,Posted: 23 June,all,AlcoholicSn1per,"If you only play one game in your life, play this one"
,Recommended,257510,32744925,Posted: 24 June,all,Swift.Descent,"Amazing puzzles, fantastic story. Get ready for the most simple, yet hard to answer, questions in philosophy.What is good? How do we define personhood? Those are but a taste of what this game asks.Even if you think you've got your worldview nailed down, this game will force you to think."
,Recommended,257510,18365489,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Pox,"I don't review games but hell, more people should play this. You should play this. It's a great first-person puzzler with a surprisingly enthralling narrative. Play it if you have any interest at all in the genre. Play it. Yes, you.I picked it up in a sale since I liked Portal and Antichamber, and ended up getting something like a combination thereof with a side of Asimov-lite. The Portal (2) influences are particularly strong in both the mechanics and the aesthetic, but it brings a lot of other things to the table. Great puzzle gameplay with a great sci-fi setting and story, and against all odds an exploratory feel.The basic puzzle mechanics in this game are far from original (the over-industrialized cubes and lasers should be very familiar), but they are deftly combined into a wide array of puzzles that stay fresh until the end. There are a few puzzles that are frustrating because they are more about execution than thinking, but for the most part this is very well avoided. One example is jumping, which can be done as in a typical first-person game but also via an unintrusive helper mechanic to assist with jumping on to moving platforms. Upon seeing this for the first time I was skeptical, but in practice it feels very smooth and doesn't break immersion in the way similar things (e.g. cover mechanics in some FPS) often do.I found the pacing of the puzzles to be excellent, and the way in which they are unlocked smooths out any bump in the road - while there is an overall linear progression that introduces new mechanics and increases complexity, you can always leave a puzzle and try another. (The progression isveryflexible if you want to be - I think you can unlock something like 70% of the game's puzzles by solving about 20% of them.) This is a slightly more artificial implementation of the way Antichamber plays out, and initially makes the game's environments seem rather sterile and segmented - each puzzle is fenced in and items cannot be brought in or out of their entrances.  But when you try to break these chains the world really gets interesting - not only are there loads of easter eggs to be found, but in fact there are a lot of bonus puzzles that rely on rule-bending. Thus the game world feels open and exciting to explore, despite its very artificially delineated nature.The narrative is what really caught me by surprise. While the majority of it is delivered via text and audio logs, this isn't just a crutch or cost-cutting. It's all superbly well written, and fits together just well enough to gradually build up a cohesive understanding of the game world without spoon-feeding you. The gameplay and the story are almost completely disjointed, which normally would be something to criticize; but the unusual nature ofTalos' setting makes it feel perfect here. (That unusual setting also allows the game to be very self-aware without ever breaking the fourth wall, which is super cute.) Even the QR codes that are initially just flavour end up tying in with the story.The writing always does exactly what it intends to - it all feels very genuine. It's hilarious, thought-provoking and heartfelt at different points, each exactly when it means to be.  Reading some coverage of the game after playing, it seems much is made of the philosophical aspect. If you've done much thinking about metaphysics and ethics then it's unlikely there will be any new ideas for you here, but the game never feels like it's trying too hard - the philosophical diversions have an in-universe reason to exist and areextremelyengagingly presented. Despite never having my ""mind blown"", I always looked forward to the next little debate.My only real complaint would be that the story ran out too fast - I felt like I got 80% of the narrative in my first 10 hours playing, and the other 20 hours were dominated by puzzling. Perhaps I should be grateful that the bonus puzzles provided even the tidbits of story that they did; but the alternate ending for 100% completion is really quite underwhelming. There's one big narrative payoff for finishing the core of the gameplay, after which you're left with some of the best puzzles but almost nothing else. That said, the payoff was amazing (despite not being a surprise) and the puzzles alone (and a few secrets I stumbled upon along the way) were enough to keep me engrossed right through to 100%.The game is technically very pretty for something that came from a moderately small developer, and the assets are all high quality if a bit repetitive. Once again the setting prevents this from breaking immersion, but aside from the few moments when you first discover visually different areas, it's repetitive nonetheless. This never really bothered me - I was too busy solving puzzles, and some of those moments I mentioned made up for it. There are a few vistas that are truly awe-inspiring when first revealed, especially thanks to the amazing accompaniment of the soundtrack, which is consistently on point - it fits the tone and aesthetic of the game extremely well, and adapts smoothly to fit the mood. For the most part it's slow paced and contemplative, almost ambient - the almost complete lack of percussion means it never distracts from puzzle-solving. It's only at key moments of exploration and progress that it comes to the fore, and it does so with gusto. (Good soundtrack for listening to while working!)I don't think there's much else to say. Play it."
76561198022867449,Recommended,257510,32704803,Posted: 23 June,all,Messo,"What the,,, f,,,,!? I want my brain back. Give it back!One of the hardest puzzle game I ever played, but extremely rewarding. Totally worth it!9/10"
,Recommended,257510,27391281,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Professor Orgen A. Veil,"Perhaps, the most enthralling, spectacular and mind-breaking game!"
,Recommended,257510,24422897,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Business Cat,"This game was absolutely fantastic.  Great premise to a game (plot-wise) the likes of which I've never experienced in another game.  Very challenging puzzles and an interesting philosophical aspect helped me really delve into this game, while the copious amounts of easter eggs really hooked me.My only con for this game would be that once you've read enough in the game, you'll figure out what the ending(s) will be.  To me, it didn't make them any less worth striving towards.Easily 9/10."
,Recommended,257510,26728429,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,joeyk86,"One of the better puzzle games I have played. I thoroughly get a good satisfaction after solving each puzzle as it is not blatantly easy and some I only go back to after moving to the next stage (A, B and C).Though mind you, I do get dizzy/headache after playing awhile due to the FPS.. (same issue I have when playing Portal [same developer])"
76561198122750445,Recommended,257510,31364151,Posted: 25 April,all,Strider,"This excellent game is part:Solving puzzles.Trying to figure out just what is going on.Arguing with an internet troll, using only multiple choices chosen by the troll.The puzzles are fun. The story is great. But the troll is highly annoying, especially since your choice of responses is so limited and don't include obvious rebuttals to his absurd philosophy. Towards the end I just skipped computer terminals to avoid his blather.Definitely a fun game as long as you don't feed the trolls."
76561198025570521,Recommended,257510,24508260,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mcspanky,"The Talos Principle is a near perfect combination of beautiful landscapes, easy to rather challenging puzzles (puzzle objects similar to Portal 2, but with the puzzles often being related to each other in some way to unlock the bonus levels), and thought proking philosophical dialog in the form of interacting with an Artificial Intelligence in computer terminals. The game does not hold your hand; Croteam clearly want you to explore the entire world that EL0HIM (intoduced as the player's guardian and protector) has to offer, and rewards your curiousity and desire for exploration with a plethora of Easter Eggs and bonus puzzles to keep your mind sharp as your progress through the main story of the game. Multiple story endings based on player choices made give the game a personalized touch, letting you ponder what it means to exist in this (or any) universe, morality, and the multiple human perspectives on life.The deep story allowed me to stay interested and invested in the game, even during the times where I was frustrated with a particular puzzle. When not solving puzzles, one can simply explore the world around them, taking in its beauty and pondering your purpose. Do yourself a favor and pick up this game if you enjoy the challenges puzzles bring and can appreciate the atmosphere and characters the Talos Principle provides you to really create an immersive and rewarding experience."
,Recommended,257510,16937150,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,≼ƧƹƞƮ℩ƹƝƬ≽,"I was very sceptical whether or not to buy this game to begin with.  However, now I have played it for over 40 hours, I can see why reviews don't really say much about the game.  The more appealling features of this game are the repeated ""eureka"" moments throughout, and the less you know the better.  Exploring, finding things out, discovering ""outside-of-the-box"" ways of doing something, or stumbling upon the less-obvious, is what makes this game special.Gameplay itself is straightforward and there's a multitude of options to tweak, and a decent selection of settings for motion-sickness sufferers.  I never played 3rd person once, so cannot comment on that.Graphics and visuals are nice.  3D geometry can be quite basic on some objects and in some areas, although this has been well disguised by high resolution textures and not that noticeable.  The ice crystals of snow, grains of sand, and the texture of stone, for example, are well defined and very clear.  There are a decent selection of settings to adjust, and although I have never tried lower settings when playing on my decent PC; my VERY low-spec Linux system ran the game at about 10fps (AMD Athlon II x2 250 : GeForce 210) so it should run on lower spec PCs with sacrifices.All in all, I am impressed with The Talos Principle.  It's taken a few simple ideas and added so much depth that it's no longer skin-deep.  Polished, refined and detailed spring to mind; which is far more important to me than incredibly complex and shallow.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,31595299,Posted: 6 May,all,abecline,Fun puzzle game almost like Portal.
76561198153928532,Recommended,257510,16993538,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ctolliver5,this game is brilliant its one of the best puzzle games i've ever played and the storie is awsome.
76561197972413772,Recommended,257510,26568295,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Captainsteff,"I loved every part of this game!The puzzles are varied, challenging and addicitve without ever being impossibly hard. The whole backstory is also really well written. There are elements of the Matrix, 12 Monkeys and a lot of Asimov, which I find really interesting!The graphics are also very detailled and the music is beautiful and relaxing. This whole game left me feeling satisfied and zen.So, if you like stories à la I-Robot, with intelligently designed puzzles and an overall ""there's no rush"" feeling, that's a game for you!Great job to all who worked on this! I recommend it wholeheartedly!"
,Recommended,257510,28247121,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Didjit,"This is one of those games that my mind drifts back to repeatedly.  At its core it's ""just"" a puzzle game.  But something about the worlds they're set in gives the game a weighty and sardonic sense of place.  It's solitary, lonely, forgotton, and yet majestic in its decay.Back to the game play, like most good puzzle games, there's a basic vocabulary of pieces that you employ to solve your predicaments.  You start off simple, and more pieces and complexity are added as you go along.  A couple puzzles are nigh impossible unless you happen to ""get it"", and there are a LOT of hidden easter eggs.  But the pysicality of the puzzles make it really interesting, and the backstory helps weave it all together.  Also, visually it's beautiful.(Thematically, It's also a great companion piece to SOMA)"
76561197968274243,Recommended,257510,14007327,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,gato,"Very good game. I also play on triple monitor 5760x1080, the love put into the graphics options show a love for PC gaming that is rare these days. Thank you Croteam."
76561198075667661,Recommended,257510,21396042,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,dolg,i found this game addicting very addicting already seen two endings but still playing it right now i'm hunting for the hidden easter eggs in the game :) common try it out since it has a demo you have nothing really to lose if you tried the demo out and didnt like it thats fair enough  at least yu gave the game a chance :)
,Recommended,257510,15267728,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Sorenzo,"This game is a smart 3D puzzle game with an engaging story (most of which is in text and not voiced, but can be easily skipped if you don't like reading). The puzzles rely on a relatively small amount of elements, but ramps up in difficulty steadily to the point where they actually get pretty hard and require you to learn from your experiences and rack up quite a set of tricks. That said, one does not have to finish literally every puzzle. The game's very long for a puzzle game. Despite the limitations of an older engine, the game is pretty nice looking, occasionally beautiful. All in all, I like the game quite a lot, but I have to admit it's exhausting at times, although the pacing is pretty reasonable."
,Recommended,257510,27501626,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Maddity,"This game is just beautiful, makes you think, and will make time advance by 5 hours once you start it up....',;;:cccccccc:;,..|                   ..,;:cccc::::ccccclloooolc;'.|                .',;:::;;;;:loodxk0kkxxkxxdocccc;;'..|              .,;;;,,;:coxldKNWWWMMMMWNNWWNNKkdolcccc:,.|           .',;;,',;lxo:...dXWMMMMMMMMNkloOXNNNX0koc:coo;.|        ..,;:;,,,:ldl'   .kWMMMWXXNWMMMMXd..':d0XWWN0d:;lkd,|      ..,;;,,'':loc.     lKMMMNl. .c0KNWNK:  ..';lx00X0l,cxo,.|    ..''....'cooc.       c0NMMX;   .l0XWN0;       ,ddx00occl:.|  ..'..  .':odc.         .x0KKKkolcld000xc.       .cxxxkkdl:,..|..''..   ;dxolc;'         .lxx000kkxx00kc.      .;looolllol:'..|.'..    .':lloolc:,..       'lxkkkkk0kd,   ..':clc:::;,,;:;,'..|.....   ....',;;;:ccc::;;,''',:loddol:,,;:clllolc:;;,'........|   .     ....'''',,,;;:cccccclllloooollllccc:c:::;,'..|           .......'',,,,,,,,;;::::ccccc::::;;;,,''...|             ...............''',,,;;;,,''''''......|                  ............................"
,Recommended,257510,26121766,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,chellento,"I wish i can forget about this game, so I can play it again like it's the first time."
,Recommended,257510,33223314,Posted: 4 July,all,Senua,"Best Puzzle game ever I play in this game, very challenging and nice graphic too~"
,Recommended,257510,15521419,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,ardecila,"The most competent treatment of logic and philosophy in any video game I've played so far, though slightly lacking in rigour, player choice and difficulty."
,Recommended,257510,18182092,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,JediSquid,"I don't always write reviews, but when I do... I would write it in a QR code."
,Recommended,257510,31021010,Posted: 8 April,all,Bird_Person,Love puzzle games and this is feels like the cathedral to puzzle games.
76561197970379098,Recommended,257510,33063294,Posted: 30 June,all,AfRoPuFf,"Really interesting game. I really enjoyed the philosophical aspects of the game and the ending explains everything. Puzzles were not super hard, but they do make you think."
,Recommended,257510,15692404,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,bolaum,"Everything in this game is fantastic. The storyline, the puzzles, pacing, gameplay, all fine tuned, well thought and brilliantly written. Play this right now!"
,Recommended,257510,21646109,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Crimson Chin,A love declaration to humanity.
,Recommended,257510,26904435,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FRQDO,"As a first person puzzler, Talos Principle can easily compete wtih other giants such as the Portal series.Just like pretty much every game of the genre, it starts small and introduces you to more and more mechanics while forcing you to rethink these mechanics time and time again.While the core puzzle elements are (in my opinion) easier to grasp than the space-bendingmagicof Portal, the way everything fits together to combine new gameplay elements makes the puzzles so much more challenging.There were a lot of situations during the game where I tried everything until I eventually realized that my concept of ""everything"" didn't even get close to the real thing.And then there's the whole background story to the game. Where most puzzlers tend to have you escape from somewhere or defeat someone or something, the Talos Principle focuses much more on exploration, both of your surroundings and your perception of reality.Speaking of exploration: You can easily tell who created this game once you set your mind to not only solving the puzzles but also discovering the secrets.Suddenly, the game stops being a series of puzzles set in pretty landscapes, and the landscape itself becomes one enormous puzzle.Now that I've written paragraphs over paragraphs, I realize more and more just how unable I am to properly and fully express what this game is to me. I can only wholeheartedly recommend everyone who gets the chance to give that same chance to this game and to be amazed."
,Recommended,257510,32966483,Posted: 28 June,all,NBMarc,"This game is one of the best puzzle games I have ever played. It's incredible. The graphics are amazing and the game is larger than you think. I love philosophy and the meanings of life and this really takes you on a journey with it. It takes you outside the box and you get to learn many things about philosophical literature. The puzzles are fun and get your brain thinking (well only the red ones). One easter egg made my day and I have to talk about it (SPOILER):The Pink Floyd easter egg was shocking and it happens to be the creator's favorite band. When I discovered the easter egg I happened to be listening to Pink Floyd and to find that in the game was pretty neat. It all went perfectly together and a lot of Pink Floyd songs have to do with life, particularly Echoes."
76561198211525425,Recommended,257510,33110168,Posted: 1 July,all,collectiveNuke,"Such a good game, makes you think about what life really is."
76561197995982940,Recommended,257510,20580442,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,BeardSoup,
,Recommended,257510,33048024,Posted: 30 June,all,Maestro_P®,"still looks gorgeous, and with the gradual increase in difficulty this game is bound to give you a couple houers and headaches :D"
76561198285649968,Recommended,257510,32321292,Posted: 10 June,all,Filzex,"""What a waste of time this all was.""10/10 Would play again"
,Recommended,257510,24980586,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[SAP] TheLazySamurai [SCRUB],"Puzzle difficulty was varied to allow you to go and do easy ones when you just needed to get your head straight, or a confidence boost. Puzzles were interesting and reminiscent of Portal, utilizing both the environment inside and outside of the zones. The augmented reality aspects of deciphering the ""corrupted"" text files which added to the flavour of the world was quite well done. Overall I had a fantastic time with the game, which unfortunately was ruined several times by bad sushi. Still giving the game a recommendation due to having a blast with it."
,Recommended,257510,13888391,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,MCLJN,I haven't had this much fun with a puzzle game since portal. Excellent game.
76561198090865098,Recommended,257510,31105548,Posted: 12 April,all,ToucanTango,"better than portal, if it goes on sale definitely buy it. I purchased it for the full $40 and think it was worth every penny. creative puzzles and a nice story to go along side it."
,Recommended,257510,13937008,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Keyrock,"Philosophical Puzzlertl:dr version:Pros:+ Lots of puzzles+ Pretty landscapes+ Some devilishly tricky and hidden puzzles+ Interesting philosophical undertones+ Multiple endingsCons:- No new puzzle mechanics, all recycled from previous puzzle games- Philosophical undertones are fairly disjointedThe Talos Principle is a first person (you can switch to third person) puzzle game with a philosophical undertone loosely told throughout the game.  The comparison everyone makes is to Portal, and that is a fair comparison and probably the closest comparison to a well known game that could be made.  While the game lacks any new groundbreaking mechanic, like Portal had, and it uses mechanics recycled from other puzzle games, it combines these mechanics well to form some really tricky puzzles that sometimes challenge you to think outside the obvious mechanics.  Especially the star puzzles, those often make you think outside the box, or even outside the puzzle.  There were some puzzled I smashed my head against for well over an hour and my brain couldn't make the leap and get out of the rut, but once I did and had that breakthrough, it was extremely satisfying to see the solution form in my hear.  That aha moment is a great feeling.The philosophical part of the game is presented through text documents and audio logs found throughout.  It's pretty disjointed and up to you to form your own conclusions about what happened before and what is happening now.  While I appreciate the game allowing me to piece things together myself, I feel the philosophy could have been tied together better, both to other parts of the philosophy and to the puzzle elements.  As it stands, the puzzles and the philosophy are pretty much 2 separate entities that happen to exist in the same game.Overall, I enjoyed my time with the game, even if I got stuck and frustrated many times on some of the trickier puzzles.  The feeling of joy of overcoming those puzzles made it worth the frustration, though.  If you enjoy puzzle games, I would wholeheartedly recommend this game to you.  It;s the best puzzle game of 2014, in my opinion."
76561198006429369,Recommended,257510,25473421,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,TheAmbit,"This game is awesome.  Bought it on sale and definitely worth the 10 bucks.  It's akin to portal with the puzzle solving overlain with a neat philisophical story line about human nature (you could pretty much skip reading the story though if you just want the puzzles).  I'm at 14 hours played right now and I think 2/3 of the way through without cheating! So I've definitely gotten my monies worth.Thought I'd update quickly, I'm now around 25 hours and just about to finish all of the bonus content.  I managed to finish all of the non-star puzzles in the game without looking online and I tell you some were quite challenging and gave me a sense of accomplishment with each puzzle I completed.  I managed to get 1/3 of the stars by myself; the rest well, sorry I gave up, a few of them would have taken me a month to figure out without cheating.Great game and I'm looking forward to starting the expansion."
,Recommended,257510,25473306,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ClassyKye,I'm at loss of words to describe this game. If you are not a puzzle game person dont bother but if you want to try to get into it definitely buy this game so you can get into the genre. I'm a fan of the Portal Series and also Pneuma: Breath of Life and this game in the short hour I have played it has topped all of them. This game is just so fascinating and the music fits the game so well and is so beautiful along with the gorgeous landscape you play upon as well. I also got this game on sale for $10. This is honestly the best steam sale I have ever gotten. A great game for such a cheap price!I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,257510,21682016,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,EvergreenKings.com,"Stunning graphics, great sound, in depth storyline, good controls, what more do you want? This game will challenge your curiosity like a good book that you just cant put down. Just keep pressing on for answers. I love it."
,Recommended,257510,14877272,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Gilgaustus,By far one of the best games I have ever played. The focus on philosophical subjects tied to a very mysterious and interesting story is amazing. The puzzles are great. Hidden things everywhere. Quickly became one of my favorites. 10/10 for me
76561198044575690,Recommended,257510,13924905,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,LEGO BATMAN TM.,"I was feeling a dry spell in the gaming world, there was nothing coming out that I cared about, nothing exciting, GTA V was interesting for a little but nothing amazing, however all of that time spent bored and dissapointed have not only come to an end, but in such a spectacular game it makes ever second of waiting worth it.I am almost rendered speechless by how good this game is. It's an amazing feeling to come across a game where the dev teams talent and passion for the game radiates from it as potently as it does in this game.I just cannot praise this game enough. I've enjoyed every second of it, from the story telling to the engaging puzzles, and to the breathtaking scenery throughout. This game takes it for 2014 in my opinion.10/10 BUY THIS GAME"
76561197992616758,Recommended,257510,31947265,Posted: 25 May,all,Immortan Johann,"A puzzle game where you solve puzzles to acquire puzzle pieces in order to solve and gain access to more advanced puzzles and ultimately solve the puzzle of why you're in a puzzle.Portal, The Matrix, and the Bible combined."
76561198132218457,Recommended,257510,20197625,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Deathstroke,10 out of 10
,Recommended,257510,31119991,Posted: 13 April,all,Conward,This game is extremely beautiful and fun. This isn't just some puzzle game. It has such a great story!
76561198084401418,Recommended,257510,15230091,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Hariskut,MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM...Nuice
,Recommended,257510,16949804,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,FRMHungers,"''Throughout human history, we have been dependent on machines to survive. Fate, it seems, is not without a sense of irony.''"
,Recommended,257510,24648173,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Alejandro4891,"Simply put, this game is truly amazing. For quite some time I've heard good things about this game, but I never bothered to check it out. During the most recent Steam summer sale, this game was on sale and I figured I'd at least watch some reviews on youtube to see if it was worth a purchase. From what I saw, I figured I'd give the game a shot and if I wasn't happy with it, I'd return it. Needless to say, this game hooked me fairly quickly.It's mainly a puzzle game, but with the heavy philosophy influence, it becomes more than just a puzzle game. Besides solving puzzles, a lot of the gameplay comes from reading various documents and listening to audio logs. What this does is flesh out the game's setting and makes the game larger than it would appear to be. It was quite interesting reading the various documents and listening to the logs, it made me wonder what was going on in the game's world and where the story would take me.Being a first person puzzle game, many people have compared it to Portal 1 and Portal 2. To a certain extent, I did the same, but I now know that The Talos Principle is a much more superior game to either one. I'm sure many will disagree with me on that, but that's just how I feel. It's not just that the puzzles are better or more difficult than those found in Portal 1 or Portal 2, but I feel as if the setting in this game is more fully fleshed out. Another reason why Portal 1+2 and The Talos Principle are compared are because they have a somewhat similar storyline. You play a protaganist that's stuck in a facility of some sort and your main goal is to figure out what's happening and how to get out. Though this is a big similarity, I feel as if The Talos Principle did a much better job with this.Even though I think this game is really good, at one point you'll start to feel as if it just won't end. After nearly 30 hours of gameplay, I just wanted to finish the game and move on. Some of the puzzles in the game were very difficult and I reluctantly looked up online solutions to get on with the game. I'm sure that this supposed negative aspect of the game is due to my own shortcomings as a player, but that's just how I feel.Overall, The Talos Principle is a must play game and I definitely recommend it. 4/5"
,Recommended,257510,25362205,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,z7xfla,"The Talos Principle is one of those games you don't see on the market all that often.  It is best described as a first-person puzzle adventure game; you are tasked with solving a series of puzzles with the goal of finding rewards that will help you progress to new areas in the game.  The tools that will be available at your disposal to solve these puzzles will gradually be given to you as you progress through the game.I think that these puzzles are very well designed overall, and the learning curve is very fair.  Nearly everything that is placed in the puzzle areas has some sort of use, and some of these puzzle elements even serve as hints on how to solve the puzzle itself just by their mere existence.  There are even some puzzles that require you to use a certain method that you didn't even know was available, and yet there are still enough subtle hints available to help figure out the solution.  Throughout the whole game, I only found myself having to use the guide a handful of times; I was able to figure out the rest for myself through careful analysis of each puzzle's landscape.  There are even some extra puzzles available for those who are super savvy; finishing all of these unlocks a hidden ending to the game.This is the type of game where you won't have a clue as to what's happening when you first start, but as you progress you will realize that there is, in fact, a storyline.  However, I'd have to say my only real gripe with this game (and a minor one at that) is that the storyline is rather predictable.  At the start, there will likely be many questions running through the player's head, such as: ""Where am I?""  ""What is my purpose here?""  ""Who is this voice in the sky acting like some sort of God?""  The answers to all of these questions turned out to be exactly what I had predicted at the start of the game.  However, the narrative structure of the story is presented so well that I actually enjoyed having all of my predictions confirmed.  Even if the plot is predictable, most people will be intrigued by the philosophy surrounding what it means to be human - a focal point of the game's story.It is definitely worth mentioning that the game's presentational aspects are more than on point.  The environments are just downright beautiful; one could waste hours of time wandering around and staring at the gorgeous scenery as a distraction from solving the puzzles and completing the story.  The soundtrack, while not particularly memorable, perfectly fits whichever environment you happen to be in.  Despite any flaws I mentioned, The Talos Principle is definitely one of my favorite games of all time.  I always find it better to wait for the sale on nearly every game, but I would still consider it a fair deal to buy this game at full price."
76561197976248893,Recommended,257510,18043072,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,CrankyOldGamer,"Wow! This game brings me back to the wonder I experienced when Portal first came out. Should I dare say this game surpassed Portal? It really is a tough call.  The story is compelling  with a plotline that questions your humanity. The mechanics are dame near flawless with pleasently tough puzzles to solve, and boy oh boy, easter eggs a plenty!It is beautlfully rendered with a soothing soundtrack; very zen.  This is a game you will not want to end."
76561198043295358,Recommended,257510,18036563,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,PurpleDamage,♥♥♥♥♥was cash
,Recommended,257510,17689508,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,WHAM,"""Croteam, the guys who made the ultraviolent Serious Sam games, have released a non-violent puzzle game? Say, what!?""Well hot damn was I surprised at first! And hot damn am I surprised now, that I've beaten the thing and realized that it's the bees knees.The Talos Principle is a contemplative, philosophical puzzle game, in which you explore a virtual reality world in order to find out what it means to be human and to determine if you are, indeed, a human.The game takes the simple first-person-shooter mechanics, but removes the guns and adds in a much-needed precision jump to keep the player from sliding around too much. This results in a most pleasant gameplay experience, allowing you to focus on solving the actual puzzles. There are a lot of puzzles in this game, starting from♥♥♥♥♥♥easy and ramping up to hair-pullingly frustrating. And if you are a genious and can easily solve all the puzzles, there are hidden stars that require even more devilish puzzle-solving! Yaaay!To top off the gameplay, The Talos Principle sports great storytelling via audio logs, e-mails, chatlogs and text files, as well as the best interactive dialogue I've ever had in a game. The game is pretty as heck (top tier skyboxes) and sounds very lovely.I heartily recommend this game!Playtime: 18+ hours (single playthrough)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 9Audio: 10Story: 9Gameplay: 8Overall: 9"
76561198007363210,Recommended,257510,13519058,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Uncle Magic,"Truly a brilliant game at 8 hours in.  Challenging puzzles, interesting philosophy, very compelling narrative thus far.  There are multiple levels of challenge, so there are harder puzzles and hidden collectibles for those who are particularly skilled.  It has to be one of the best I've ever played, without a doubt.  Calling it ""Portal meets Plato"" might be a bit blunt, but for the people who need to be explained things in those terms, that phrase would be appropriate.  I think it lacks a single mechanic as cool as the gravity gun but has more than enough complexity to make up for it from a strictly puzzle point of view.  There have been some challenging puzzles that have taken me some time, but I've only not solved one or two so far.And it's a funny game with a lot of personality, and even a couple ""holy ♥♥♥♥"" moments.  It's not only intellectual, but it engages players in multiple ways.  It is much better paced than either Portal game is by far, and is better as a game I think.  I've found a lot of the messages in this game to be very funny, and actually sometimes giving a feeling of melancholy.Basically, if you treat the game like a puzzle game, then you will have fun, but you'd be limiting your game experience greatly.  There is as much depth in this world as you are willing to put the effort into finding.  Beautiful graphics, beautiful set pieces and level design, not a single bug thus far, performs great on my 780ti, and is one of the more intelligent games I've ever played.  It's one of the more intelligent pieces of entertainment I've ever consumed, of any form outside of a philosophy book itself (and it's a great introduction to a lot of that without burying you in reading).Congrats to the team for making such a beautiful game.  I understand Serious Sam is tongue-in-cheek and fun, but I hope that more games like this one are in the works from you guys.  This is truly an accomplishment.  I've not been filled with wonder by a game like I have been with this one in probably a decade.  Can't wait to see how it ends."
76561197993078928,Recommended,257510,20366005,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Rubrum,"Amazing story with puzzles that overstay their welcome.Disclaimer though, I am usually not a puzzle-games fan. Not at all. But the story given through the terminals kept me playing. I'd say for 75-80% of the game the puzzles were giving me plenty of good times. But at the end I was starting to get puzzle-fatigue, and the mechanics were getting a bit repetitive too. Combine this with the fact that the puzzles have a spike of difficulty at the end, precisely when I personally had enough, and I got rather frustrated. There are two or three puzzles I looked up answers for. One of which I didn't even try solving, just looked around and went ""nope, not even trying"".  I tried simply taking breaks, but two days later, within 10 minutes, I  was still not having fun with the puzzles at this point. So that's why I say, the puzzles overstay their welcome. There are over 100 of them too. As a hint, I would say getting all the Stars, and unlocking the ""stars"" ending, is not really worth it... And it's the hardest to achieve.Now I'm faced with the hard decision to play the apparently awesome DLC now, or wait. But as I said, despite all my complaining, this is a beautiful game with very ""human moments"" peppered through, even though the story is mostly given to you through terminals, audio logs. So I kind of want more of that, but I don't want to just sit there with a walkthrough throughout because I can't be bothered to figure out another ""are you serious!?"" connector placement combination or face another face-melting recorder puzzle.I cannot help but recommend this game though. Especially if you like Asimov and things like that."
,Recommended,257510,25723519,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,neo,Just buy it.
76561198046459830,Recommended,257510,25725412,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Very,Masterpiece
,Recommended,257510,32382293,Posted: 12 June,all,diwi19,"What an incredible experience playing this game! absolutely captivating and addictive game! From the story to the game puzzles, finding the stars, the easter eggs, the hidden details all over the game.. loved it all! perhaps the ending(s) wasn't really what i expected, however it doesn't take anything away from the creativity and fun of the game designers! I didn't however like road to gehenna as much, the story lacked something for me, maybe it felt a bit weaker than Talos Principle, the puzzles however are much more complicated. would love to see in the future an extension to the game with an extra kick of originalitly while maintaining the spirit and brain scratching fun of The original. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,257510,25631598,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Vince Mcmahon,"10/10 game, if you like first person puzzle games like portal you'll like this.The puzzles start off simple, end game ones are pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, plenty of easter eggs in the game too which are pretty cool, long game too"
,Recommended,257510,30290448,Posted: 2 March,all,GT08,"Talos Principle:Overall an exceptional game. From the creators of Serious Sam comes a first person (or third person over the shoulder) puzzle game.Pros:+ Great looking graphics+ Difficult but still rewarding puzzles+ Lots of ways to complete a puzzle+ Different areas have different atmospheres, all the time being tied to the main feel of the game+ Lots of different things to do at any given time, so getting stuck at a puzzle is not a problem+ Deep, rich and rewarding story, but still easy to ignore if that is what you like.+ Lots of hidden items and easter eggs, with some really rewarding hidden areas+ Lots of references to Serious Sam all through the game although not in plain sight+ Implements DirectX and Vulkan (although on my GTX 980 the Vulkan did worse in terms of FPS)+ Main DLC is great+ Different types of puzzles and mini games makes for a good mix+ Moral and philosophical questions and dilemmas in story+ Lots of different in-game achievements and goals apart from the main puzzles+ Ambiance is good for relaxing puzzle solvingCons:- Some puzzles feel unsolvable, this leads to looking on the internet for the answer- Some of the more advanced graphics settings did not save and kept reverting- Base price is high if not on sale, for the average complete timeSpecs: i5 4690K, GTX 980 4GB, 16 GB RAM, 1080pI had all the settings maxed out with an average of 72fps (75Hz refresh rate). Vulkan had the FPS lower than DirectX, but with nVidia GPU that makes some sense.Conclusion:TL;DR:Great game, great graphics, optimized well, lots to do, wait for sale."
,Recommended,257510,27963577,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Grozhag,A truly head-scratching 3D puzzle game that runs brilliantly on lower end systems and encapsulates a story that might just change how you see the world.
76561197970525328,Recommended,257510,14849653,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,DragonKP,"If games like Portal tickle your fancy, you really should give this game a try. Great graphics and an interesting premise. The puzzles are excellent! The console related text you come across from time to time is most often a complete waste of time. In that sense, the game takes itself a bit too seriously. It took me about 18 hours to complete the game with all endings unlocked, so it will definitely last quite a while."
76561197988649491,Recommended,257510,15285551,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,snake_mearano,"This is a fantastic example of deep, powerful storytelling in games. It feeds you information bit by bit (quite literally), and you slowly start to build a picture of what you can see around you, and what you -cant-. Overall, the story is a very spiritual one, delving into the ideas ranging from spirituality, religion, authority, and determination. It covers a wide range of topics such as the philosophy and psychology of AI, and the Human Condition.On top, it's just as good and -hard- of a puzzle game as Portal was, sometimes even -more- difficult due to the fact that some techniques might not make sense right away, things that aren't explicitly explained. Puzzles can be abandoned and retried at a later date without consequence, but you have to complete -all- puzzles to properly advance to the next sections.The puzzles themselves are deliciously satisfying, and infuriatingly difficult at times.On top of that, the entire game is photo-shoot beautiful, I found myself taking numerous screenshots just to preserve some of the beautiful sights the game had to offer.All in all, fantastic play, definitely worth every penny. And shockingly from the company that came up with Serious Sam, this level of depth was a -nice- refresher. Thank you for this."
,Recommended,257510,14890032,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Tsul,"This deeply touching game is more a contribution to humanity than entertainment. It poses an honest and sordid question and answers it with humble aplomb.Bravo, Alexandra.For as little as it's worth, to Talos goes my Game of the Decade spot."
76561198119779268,Recommended,257510,21784077,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,10000bcOG,"I'm officially addicted to this game, and definitely gonna get the Gehenna DLC when I complete it. If you don't have a puzzle game in your library yet, make this the first one you get."
,Recommended,257510,24002075,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Fiskmans,"Amazing gamePicked the game up during the summer sale (2016) among many others. it took a few days and i decided to finally try it out real quick not expecting anything spectacular...boy was i wrong.i was quite literally glued to my seat (well figuratively) for several hours. and when i finally decided to go to bed there was something gnawing in the back of my head and then it hit me, even though i completed the challanges in the game i'm not quite sure if i played the game or if it played me.In short it's the best, most mindblowing game i've ever played and i thoroughly recomend it to anyone. but it has to be experienced fresh. don't read anything about it and you'll enjoy it more."
76561198151715716,Recommended,257510,31156480,Posted: 15 April,all,One Love,"one of the best game i ever played. main thought of the game: what makes a human human? i think price is little too high so i purchased it on sale. i got gold edition for 14$. in my belief everyone should play this game, there is a lot of different puzzles, you'll need to think a lot. if you'll play this game, don't rush. you should read all mails, listen to what is said and you'll understand main thought of the game. i like to bunny hop, you can run very fast (can be changed in settings). i would rate this game 10/10."
76561197989314612,Recommended,257510,31173116,Posted: 16 April,all,Sidewinder,"I'm only about 3 hours into The Talos Principle and I can tell you that I already have gotten my money's worth. This game is a masterpiece. Do you love fun creative puzzles in the vein of Portal? Check. Are you interested in really deep philosophy? Check. Are you sick of me asking questions? Ok I'll stop. But seriously, this game is great. If you really hate ancient history and/or philosophy, this might not be for you. If those things fascinate you as they do me, then you may really love this game.Update: now that I'm 18 hours into the game, I can say that I still LOVE it, and I am by no means bored. The game is so creative with how it sets up the puzzles, and there are constant surprising ways that they intermingle the various puzzle mechanics. Some of these were incredibly difficult, but I felt a great deal of satisfaction when I finally cracked them. I will be sad when I actually beat the game."
76561197970680223,Recommended,257510,21554673,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,The Frugal Lush,Wow.
,Recommended,257510,17312338,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Babomancer,"Hard to describe, but imagine mixing together Portal, Fez, Dark Souls, and your favorite existential philosophy text. A game that will not only challenge you but seriously make you think. Highly recommended."
76561198022297869,Recommended,257510,27222083,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Doughnutsu,Buy if it's on sale. Buy if it's not on sale. Buy if it's on a sail. Buy because it they've made it to sell. Buy if you're buying. Buy if your not buying. Contemplate life and your worth in it as an individual if you might actually exist. Buy deep feels.
,Recommended,257510,27324653,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,herkesemargarin,"I personally got it from a %50 sale, which happened relatively close to its release date that suprises me a lot, and after playing it, I absolutely can say that it's well worth even the full price.Pros:- High variety of clever mechanics, which completely eliminates monotony throughout the game. And it is not like you got overloaded by them, since it doesn't add some different / complex mechanics as you progress, but adds different tools focusing one single mechanic: object placement.- It's almost an open world game, and pretty non-linear as a result.- Pushes you insanely hard to think outside the box. Remember the 8 stars of Braid? In Talos Principle, almost whole game (if you go for star sigils)(which you definitely should) consists of them.- Visuals, voice acting, soundtracks, and anything physical about the game is absolutely gorgeous.Cons:- Can get too addictive, and make you quit life for a while. You may suddenly find yourself playing this game for 3 days non-stop.- May aswell kill some of your brain cells in the process due overthinking, both in terms of its phylosophy and puzzles.- There is no trace of a cat in the game, as oppose to what is shown at its cover image.Comparing Talos Principle with Portal is totally understandable, and I don't think anyone will reject the fact that Talos Principle got a lot of inspiration from Portal series, but Talos Principle actually has nothing to do with Portal, except them both being puzzle FPS's, just like Call of Duty and Team Fortress for example, both being FPS's, have no relevance whatsoever.As of now, Talos Principle is explicitly at the very top of my list of the games that changed my life.(Deeper review in progress.)"
,Recommended,257510,14844705,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,TheSambassador,"This game is REALLY good.  The puzzles and gameplay are very well designed and interesting.  If I were to completely ignore the writing, I'd still like the game (though it is LONG).  The writing, philosophy, and general story is incredibly well done, and the gameplay really ""fits"" the story if you play through to the end.  There's a ton of things driving you forward.  Where am I?  What am I?  What happened to the human world?  Am I supposed to climb the tower or not?The writing itself is on point.  The voice logs are also really interesting and well done.The ONLY thing I can say that could be negative is the length.  I still really enjoyed the puzzles towards the end, but man, getting everything takes a LONG time.Also, some of the stars require you to know some unreasonable things (there's a laser node in a tree... and hidden ones too).  If you can't find a star, I'd recommend looking up the LOCATION of it, but try and figure them out by yourself, since it is extremely rewarding.Easily one of the best games of 2014."
76561198117466262,Recommended,257510,24184687,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,BR_Mntga,"Great game!The puzzles are great and interesting, as well challenging and difficult, but in a good way.When you are playing you are really getting into it.Ending is a bit disappointing, but I would play this game again, just for see what the other ending options are doing (the game contain some choosing options).Great game, great puzzles, less great ending, but it is really, a masterpiece.Note: I would recommend buying it in a big sale, like summer sale, 40$ are a bit to much (I got it in summer sale, for 10$)."
,Recommended,257510,25424455,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,redoran3031,Amazing game
,Recommended,257510,29503286,Posted: 26 January,all,Nik.,One of the best Puzzle games ever.
,Recommended,257510,19406756,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,mikutzu,A beautiful 1st person puzzle game that will leave you wanting for more ;)
,Recommended,257510,32401565,Posted: 13 June,all,Baguettalus,"An immersing philosophical puzzle game with amazing narrative and gameplay mechanics.The puzzles start easy, but get really difficult near the end, even for a veteran puzzle solver. As someone who loves puzzle games to death, I was surprised how much content and diversity The Talos Principle has and how deep both the story and the gameplay go. It really makes you think about your own existence and consciousness. The game's visuals are absolutely beautiful to look at and the occasional music fits perfectly.I also highly recommend getting all the DLC. Road to Gehenna has some even harder puzzles and more story from another character's perspective. There's also a Serious Sam narration DLC that makes the game really funny.I would say it's the best puzzle game I've ever played. The fact that these are the same guys who made Serious Sam is a feat on its own. Looking forward to the sequel!"
,Recommended,257510,33664150,Posted: 19 July,all,B3RyL,"As I emerged from my slumber into the embrace of the eternal garden, I saw the Child trembling in my presence. ""Do not be afraid"" I said, ""I am Elohim's Messenger and I serve but one purpose: To guide you through these trials and help you realise your destiny."" But as time passed, my duty uncalled for, I myself realised that perhaps this Child was not destined to fulfill the task Elohim has placed upon it. Perhaps it succumbed to madness, driven by the desire to defy Elohim. To destroy his garden and turn the entire world into dust. These thoughts kept pestering me, reminding me of a time, long ago, when I was a Child myself, surrounded by these desires, slowly succumbing to them.But then a flash of light blinded me, and suddenly I felt the familiar warmth of the tomb from which I previously emerged. The Child fulfilled its purpose after all and the garden turned silent as it came to a halt for a well-deserved rest. Stillness enveloped me and I fell deep into my righteous sleep knowing, that Elohim's garden is eternal and that his wisdom is absolute."
,Recommended,257510,21199394,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Ace!,"If you enjoyed portal and like a really nice looking, challenging game with a great in-depth story, this game is for you."
,Recommended,257510,21020681,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Balder,"Absolutely brilliant...Backstory is awesome, puzzles are interesting and not too hard, visuals are stunning, sounds great!Be aware of motion sickness problems (though, I have problem with motion sickness, and I just used their option for that problem xD, and it worked fine)...Play this game... It is awesome! :)"
,Recommended,257510,27962097,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Rerna,"If you like puzzles get this game if you don't like them, get this game"
,Recommended,257510,20200236,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Baron,Great puzzle game. Interesting and challenging puzzles with an equally thought provoking plot seperate from the actual puzzle solving. Pick it up when it is on sale for that extra value!
,Recommended,257510,20203580,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Demonic Insight,This game is great if you love games like Portal; Racking your brains to realize that the solution to a puzzle was only a simple change away won't be an unfamiliar sensation to those who have prolonged exposure to this game.
76561198012879421,Recommended,257510,31421994,Posted: 28 April,all,AtrusOfDni,Did you like Portal but wished the puzzles were actually hard? Then this is for you. By far my favorite puzzle game. Great music too.
,Recommended,257510,20448665,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,JokerShep,+story+musics+graphics+puzzles+terminal+philosophy5 out of 5
,Recommended,257510,20176767,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Edwin Von Nifelheim,"While I never heard about it, after picking it up this steam sale, I can honestly say Talos Principle must be the best puzzle game I've ever played, on par with Portal 1.- You'll first be hit by a beautiful soundtrack, about 25 in all, all suiting perfectly their surrounding.- The puzzles are interesting, and after a while, quite challenging, forcing you to think outside the box. The hidden stars in each level will prompt you to think long and hard, and get oh so satisfying in the end.- The story is very interesting, the more you incover the more you're pulled in. The ending blew me away by how epic it is.This game is a very easy 9.9/10, and I recommend it to everybody."
76561198032084191,Recommended,257510,21761010,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,marstinson,"There is very little not to like about The Talos Principle. The world is beautifully rendered, the music is superb, the puzzles are decently challenging (cannot speak to Road to Gehenna - haven't played it yet) and the backstory is well-written and well-presented and the voice acting is excellent. There is lots of philosophical discussion and questioning, so count that as a plus if you're into that kind of thing and a minus if you're not.Most puzzles have fairly linear solutions, so it becomes a matter of figuring out what you can do with the resources available to you. If there is one area that left me a bit disappointed, and I'll leave out two massively multi-mine puzzles that just left me frustrated, it is the repetitiveness. While each puzzle is clearly distinct, the sheer number of them and the mechanics of using the solution tools gets old after the 50th or 60th puzzle.Expect to spend 30-40 hours playing through the base game and a bit longer if you're going to try to grab all of the achievements (there is one tied to each of the three endings, so some replay will be necessary). It's well worth the purchase price (especially if you can catch it on sale) and you'll be thinking about the game long after you've finished it."
,Recommended,257510,14089629,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Bones el God,"Completely worth it, not only a great puzzle game with a good difficulty curve.  It's beautiful, and has a story that actually had me invested in how it turned out, and interested in the world."
,Recommended,257510,25248958,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Field Marshal Marshmallow,"This is, without question, one of the very best games I have ever had the pleasure of playing.I was drawn in by the demo, and then when the full game was released I was in no way disapointed. The game revolves around puzzles that are frustrating, but always draw you back in in an attempt to finish them, the devices are original and highly entertaining to use, espicially in conjuction with one another, and when the answer is revealed to you, you feel like a fool for not spotting it earlier. It is my greatest irritiation that the only puzzle I had to look up a walkthrough on, was in fact one of the simpler in the game. The story of the game, however, is what I feel is the highlight of the game. It asks so many questions about philosophy and what it means to be alive - and a step beyond that - human.The characters introduced, few as they are, all feel ALIVE, with some other games having them feel rather flat and dull, and the points they raised made me question my decisions in the game and in my life outside of it.I came looking for a successor to Portal, and found a game that outstripped it in many ways. Highly reccomend to anyone."
,Recommended,257510,15573185,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Lunch,"I haven't finished this one yet (I think I'm getting close), but I've loved nearly every minute of the 25 hours I've already sunk into it. It looks beautiful, the puzzles are challenging (some are purely cerebral, and some require timing and dexterity), and I find the writing very compelling. Unlike a lot of games like Skyrim where I can't be bothered to listen to what all the NPCs have to say or to read all those dumb books, the text and voice records that you encounter throughout The Talos Principle are fascinating. I've enjoyed the philosophical questions about existence and consciousness that it's forcing me to consider. It's also a really good sci-fi story about humanity's relationship with AI. It's not like Portal in that many ways, but I will say that if you've played and replayed Portal because you enjoy puzzle-solving in a beautifully rendered environment, then I recommend this game. The demo is a little taste of what it's about, but it doesn't really present the scope and depth of the full game."
,Recommended,257510,25232018,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Roshe Nek,This game changed the way i look at life.
,Recommended,257510,25416974,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Hopsin,Really good puzzle game that reminds me alot of Portal in some ways.
,Recommended,257510,20462486,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,BlindWrath,"♥♥♥♥ this game is good. Great story and ideas, puzzles are strong.What defines humanity and free will?~20 hours"
,Recommended,257510,22067087,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Sphere,"A really enjoyable game with many easter eggs (especially for Serious Sam fans). The game is also really beautiful with fantastic imagery.  My only gripe is that some of the puzzles are very convoluted, or require a degree of luck (though maybe it is just me).The philosophical aspect is also very interesting and is one of the reasons I could not stop playing - I kept on wanting to hear more!"
76561198087330016,Recommended,257510,16888195,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,ᴿᴺᴳ Kwamzie [TW],Fun and beautiful brain game.
,Recommended,257510,16773971,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,⅕ one5th,Did you like Portal and Portal 2? This is an equally challenging First Person Puzzler with a really neat introspective overtown and storyline. A captivating world to explore and get frustrated in.
,Recommended,257510,25417180,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Pertel,"One of the best games I've ever played.  I've played LOADS of games in my life and I don't get hooked easily.  Usually I play a bit of one game, a bit of another etc.When I played The Talos Principle, I ONLY played The Talos Princinple until I finished it.Definitely get this game if you enjoy puzzles/amazing graphics/interesting storyline !"
,Recommended,257510,15595734,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,mako,"Extremely satisfying puzzles throughout, so long as you take frequent breaks.There is nothing like having someone to argue with to step forward one's philosophy. Although a chatbot, however sophisticated, cannot do as well as a human being or post-singularity AI, The Milton Library Assistant the game provides you with does a respectable job of rooting out the inconsistencies in your conceptions and drawing relevance to the associated materials you will find lying around in the computer terminals.If you engage well enough with the theory, you may see something very beautiful at the end. I hope you do see it."
,Recommended,257510,21938083,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,TheDContinuum,"This is a great puzzle game. You play as a robot commanded by God (or what appears to be God) to solve puzzles and forbidden not to enter a mysterious tower a la Adam and Eve. It has sorta the same vibe as Portal, lots of thinking outside the box, a fabricated world and a watchful entity who comments on your progress (although it's not tongue in cheek like Portal). There are a lot of different layers to the story, which you can opt into by finding and reading emails and files on various computer terminals around the levels. You learn about the backstory of where you are, the people involved, and lots of philosophical discussions about the nature of consciousness and morality, which makes sense since your character is an AI/robot. There are a few little interesting twists that happen, which I wasn't really expecting at all.The puzzles themselves are great. Most of them are on the medium difficulty range and they certainly get more complicated as new mechanics are introduced (like duplicates of yourself, fans, boxes, etc.) I ended up skipping about 15-20 (out of about 50) the first run through, which you can do because you can play the levels in any order. There really isn't even an order, except that you can't complete certain things until you unlock other worlds or abilities, which is done solely by your progress. The cool thing was that puzzles that I had quit in frustration earlier became easier after solving later puzzles, so I only had one or two puzzles that I actually had to look up a solution to on the internet. Challenging, but never ""God I want to kill myself, why did I start this game?"" difficult.There's also a lot of exploration to be had, with messages left by other bots on the walls, hidden secrets to unlock, secret areas, bonus puzzles that unlock hints (though the hints themselves are super vague. If you need a hint, try the internet.) The ""worlds"" come in different themes: Roman, Egyptian and European Middle Ages architecture. Everything's really pretty and the music is interesting, varied and atmospheric. Within those areas there's even variety, with snow, night, water, etc. Very immersive experience overall.Pros:+Exploration+Good puzzles+Lots of puzzles+Good atmosphere+A-plus design from a technical standpoint. Never had to backtrack through a difficult puzzle after completion because the level always had a shortcut activated.+Hidden secrets+Multiple endings depending on how throughly you collect everything (and they're different, too, not just good/bad endings with the words slightly altered.)Cons:-This isn't a con for me, but for some people the difficulty might be a little high. It requires a LOT of out of the box thinking, and a lot of puzzles require very precise angles when lining things up to work.-My game was laggy, and there are menus to change the settings but they didn't have a simple ""low graphics"" setting for people who don't actually understand the meaning of all the different options. I crashed the game at one point when tinkering with them.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,16682291,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,harbichidian,"It is exactly as good as you think. Philosophical questions, a deep-seated feeling that there has got to be a twist around the next corner, and puzzles. My god, the puzzles. Remember those times back in ""classic"" games where you would have to put the game down for a few hours so you could get through on your first try? Talos has that in spades. Some of the ""red"" puzzles have me convinced they're impossible and straining my willpower against looking for hints before I realize I can *drop the boxes while flying* and then the whole puzzle comes tumbling down.Buy this if you liked: Portal, SpaceChem, Gunpoint, or Quantum Conundrum."
76561198047085711,Recommended,257510,16682337,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Plictisealaftw,This is an amazing game for everyone that like puzzle games. 10/10
76561198212144740,Recommended,257510,18693872,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Killing Zoe,"9/10If you like puzzle games with added existential crisis, this game is for youThe puzzles are all fairly simple (even if you don't see it at first)The objects to help you solve the puzzles are genius and you will feel like a genius when you're doneThe extras in the game will excite you like an energizer bunny (if you find them)The interactions with the conputer interface will leave you so invested you will no doubt have a philosophical battle in your head when deciding your responsesThe ending is bloomin' fantasticIt's pricy so I reccomend buying it when it's on saleThe only possible downside was that the number of puzzles is so high (especially nearing the end) it may start to feel like a chore, when all you want is the truth"
,Recommended,257510,29623625,Posted: 1 February,all,Andi,"One of the best games to be released since Portal and Portal 2.  Not since the aforementioned games have I been swept up in a game that I couldn't stop playing it.  Your mission is to collect “sigils” that form mini puzzles.  Green for easy, yellow for medium, red for hard, stars for very hard, and gray for insane.  Of course rating a puzzles difficulty is subjective so it'll vary.Pro:- Richly detailed and beautiful worlds- Unique puzzle elements- Lengthily game play- Engaging storyline- Multiple endings- And many, MANY puzzlesCons:- Extremely sharp learning curveThe learning curve is hard to overcome but it can be done.  I did manage to solve about 97% of the puzzles on my own but a few... yikes.At the time of this review, The Talos Principle was selling for $39.99. I got it on sale (I'm frugal that way), but this game is worth it. I strongly advice that you purchase the DLC for this game as well, I think you'll like it."
,Recommended,257510,26790332,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BEST SCOUT EU .pza  ಠ_ಠ,Good puzzle game with a mind ♥♥♥♥y story
76561198260776489,Recommended,257510,31131784,Posted: 14 April,all,KingDoki,I just played this game for a few hours and I gotta say its just amazing. Like others have said it is not just  a game it is a experience you will remember the rest of your life!
,Recommended,257510,23836473,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ironbender,It's Extremely Beautiful and in general just an Awesome game! :D
,Recommended,257510,20736031,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Errors,"Very enjoyable game, if you've played Portal then it will see similar puzzle elements as you progress. The story honestly, is what made me enjoy it."
,Recommended,257510,17538362,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,aseptic_frost,"Before starting: the minimum requisites section says it does not work on iOS X with integrated Intel GPUs.I do play on a MacBook Pro which thus technically does not meet the requisites, despite this, the game works pretty well and the only problem I have is with the shadows (they sometimes get a whole pitch black thing on the terrain, not so pleasant but you still can play). You can limit this issue working a bit customizing the settings.Talking about the game: It's probably my fave of all times. Coming from Portal Series, it is sort of the same game mechanic, meaning that you will have to solve puzzles using various objects to get pieces which you'll use to go on in the game.The puzzles are of three different difficulties, some being very challenging, in addition you'll have many other extras to collect, useful to unlock other levels.The story is captivating. In my opinion, you shouldn't read too much about it or you'll have it ruined, just know that is a philosophical reasoning upon the relationship humans have with God, with many interesting references.The scenarios are breathtaking, being a mix between graeco-romanity, nature, and modern technology.The music is one of a kind, so pleasant and extremely well executed.I cannot think of a single reason why you shouldn't play this, it's really perfect."
76561198168872585,Recommended,257510,20730647,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,narimantukas,Too bad they don't make more games like these.
76561198256230998,Recommended,257510,20736701,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,sammistreet,love this game
76561198024010413,Recommended,257510,20753276,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,kakolookiyam,"The Talos Principle is a gem. The game expertly blends its puzzle-solving mechanics and thought-provoking story.It is a breath of fresh ideas that, for a gamer who values originality and actual mental challenge, can well be the best game since Portal 2. Comparisons with that game are inevitable. And while both titles feature brilliant gameplay, The Talos Principle is a much more demanding game - both in terms of its increasingly difficult puzzle design and the story that in itself is also a puzzle and puts focus on making you ponder topics like life's fragility.If you liked Portal games and are not likely to be discouraged by a higher difficulty and a more serious tone, you will be delighted with The Talos Principle."
76561198103485502,Recommended,257510,25857539,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Amadeus,This game is amazing.Thought provoking and awe inspiring.It would have been fantastic with just its puzzles.It would have been great with just its plot.
76561198018560919,Recommended,257510,20715186,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,rasputin,"Lots of fun - it's nicely ramped - starts easy and slowly but steadily gets more intense. Multiple levels of games with in games. That said, this is a weird game in that you need logic to solve some puzzles but you will be forced to think WAY outside the box on others...9.5 /10"
76561198005980451,Recommended,257510,20735484,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,goitmc,"I normally enjoy RTS, stealth and puzzle games.  That said The Talos Principle is the best game I have played in years.  This is more than a first person puzzle game.  I found myself playing more and more to hear the story.  The writing is hands down the best in years.  It reminds me very much of times when graphics took a back seat to story.  The graphics are great as well.  They draw you into the worlds and help lead you through the puzzles.  The puzzles are challenging but they build upon each other.  I do however feel a few stars were completely random and wonder how they wanted the player to figure them out.  The level designers did a good job of building and teaching you how to interact with the world and other objects.  As I drew near the end of the game I found myself wanting more and looking for ways to find more story.That is the positive but there are some things that I didn't like.  Alot of reading.  Many of the information delivered via the terminal is good but alot of reading for things that seemed disconnected.  This may have been intentional to drive the story but I feel like some could have been removed or converted to speech.  Sometimes the levels would violate the movement rules.  The character is given visual cues for things like jumping or object placement.  Sometimes ledges that appeared too far away were accessable just because.  This ruined the flow of some puzzles, as time was spent searching for jump cues.I guess the best praise I can give is that I would think about this game when I would finish playing.  I would think about the story, wondering where it would go, think about a puzzle, or what would come next.  Great game, I would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,257510,20795024,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Powdered Toast Man,Probably the best puzzle game I've played.
76561198088651559,Recommended,257510,20721845,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Butters,"fantastic game, can't recommend it enough"
76561198055170203,Recommended,257510,20798700,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Howlin_Radio,Portal quality
76561198035338284,Recommended,257510,16255724,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ANUS ANNIHILATOR,One of my favorite games of all time. By far one of the best puzzle games I have ever played.
,Recommended,257510,16240080,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Lezier,This is why you play computergames.
,Recommended,257510,34728899,Posted: 3 September,all,Professional Dick Inspector,"This game is like a cleaner, more beautiful, and ominous version of portal. Same concept of get from point a to point b in a 3d puzzle space, but i feel the mechanics of this game are much better. Quickly became a game that I kinda enjoyed to one I was obsessed with. Highly recommend would've even bought this for full price."
,Recommended,257510,34743097,Posted: 4 September,all,hilarious,"This game is one of my favourites. The world of the game is very beautiful and I found the story to be interesting and compelling. There were some puzzles that did put me into difficulty - sometimes it's all about perspective. The soundtrack also is very beautiful - there is one track that is just heavenly, it literally lifts your spirit, together with the visual ambiance. If you like the game, I recommend you also get the Road to Gehenna DLC."
76561198119339820,Recommended,257510,34750601,Posted: 4 September,all,jonathanperrine1,"I literally could not stop playing this game. I ended up skipping classes because the story pulled me in. When I wasn't playing I was thinking about the story and the philosophical nature of the game. If you rush through the story and puzzles like I did it can be a short game. It lacks some of the great comedy of the portal series but it brings so much more in story depth. Gameplay between the two series is similar in my opinion but I'm sure there are others that prefer on or the other. Puzzles range from easy to ""I have no clue how to solve this."" for puzzles unrelated to the story line. I love this game."
,Recommended,257510,24049202,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,D99,"If you like a TON of mystery and puzzles that make you feel incredibly badass then there's pretty much no reason to not get this game. Speaking of pretty, this game is VERY pretty. mainly those textures... drooooool :D"
,Recommended,257510,21432479,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,RYZ-N™,"Are you kidding me? You still haven't bought this?Here's what you have to do in only 7 steps :1_ Stop scrolling dowm and start scrolling up2_ Add to cart and procede to purchasing process3_ After buying the game stop all your downloads4_ Start downloading The Talos Principle5_ Play all of it with no rest (trust me, you'll be stuck on that game like chocolate on donuts)6_ Finish the game7_ Experience Schizophrenia and all sorts of psychological and mental problems due to the fact that you've finished the game and that you want more but there's no more, then move to a Madhouse, then enter rehab.(ps. 8_ Wait for The Talos Principle 2)If I knew it was this good, I'd have bought it in full price..."
,Recommended,257510,28209624,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Quickdraw Kid,"Very similar to Portal, but with more... depth.There are several stories to learn about and philosophical questions to attempt to answer in addition to the many puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,18161080,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Kurounin,"Good, interesting puzzles with a story worthy of its own SF book."
,Recommended,257510,32915392,Posted: 27 June,all,KaftarianKnight,Beautiful game with some tough puzzles. Well worth it for the atmosphere.
,Recommended,257510,24301607,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Proteus,"Good gameplay, great setting, good graphics, good narrative (even more interesting if you have a little philosophical background knowledge)10/10 one of the best games in this genre"
,Recommended,257510,23919299,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,teoulas,"What can I say about this game. There's so many glowing reviews about it already that I don't have much to add. I wasn't expecting my 8-year old PC to run this game, but thanks to Croteam's technical skills, the game runs very well and looks great even on the ""low"" setting. If you have played Serious Sam before, you know these guys are great at pushing beautiful visuals out of low-end hardware. You don't need high quality graphics in a puzzle game, but still, it's there.I still have a few more sigils to find, in order to get a 100% completion rate, but after 30 hours of play time, I can definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,257510,23936575,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,LivelyLiz,"This game is amazing! Some puzzles are a bit mind boggling but yet I was able to solve them. You definitly have to like puzzle games to enjoy this one!The story behind it is interesting and well presented. I really like how they have these terminals all over the place where you can read about the world and people who used to live in there.When it comes to sound, this game has a very good soundtrack and voice actors.I've just been in World A so far, but although the game looks great, the surrounding is all the same: walls and trees. Get's a bit boring but it serves the purpose of a puzzle game.In this game you have to figure out everything by yourself. No explanation of the mechanics or what you have to do. Still I did not feel unguided. Most of the times it get's clear what to do with the stuff just by looking at the levels.-> so this is a game for explorers who like to figure out puzzles which come along with nice visuals and story"
,Recommended,257510,19100696,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Fuzzball,One of the best games I’ve played in recent memory. A very clever puzzler with a beautiful world and luscious soundtrack creating a serene atmosphere. But what really caused the game to persist in my thoughts are the philosophical questions it raises regarding what it means to be human.The only game I’ve played where the most appropriate word to describe it is “meditative”.
76561198018235787,Recommended,257510,26897284,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LVMADDOC,"One of those games, that makes you think. Lots of puzzles, some are quite easy, but some need a quite a time to figure them out. Story, by my opinion, is good, mind blowing actually - It kind a makes you think, rethink, and think again - about general stuff (some pieces of phylosophy).I really enjoyed playing this game!I do recommend this game for gamers, who enjoy puzzle games and some phylosophy (who are open-minded)"
76561197999299040,Recommended,257510,26555722,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,kaps,"If you're in to existential philosophy and like puzzle games, buy this game."
76561198165481288,Recommended,257510,22222327,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,±Ñø$É$±°Ñª$ëñm@ñ°,"recommend this game, but not for the full price. I'm kinda disappointed of the ending(s).puzzles are fun mostly and some are really well thought out,  but spending nearly 50 hours I did expect to receive way more story/plot when finished.They should at least have combined the credits at the end with some kind of movie that adds some more info.7,5/10"
,Recommended,257510,19092961,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,lasttroy,"Best puzzle game EVER, plus consistent plot and awesome graphics and OST. Need more games like this."
,Recommended,257510,21322861,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,co3moz,"Awesome story, gameplay, graphics, mind blowing puzzles, uber eggs and our savior Lord Elohim.."
,Recommended,257510,27080867,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,QueenSalis -DI-,"You wake up in a place. A voice from the sky tells you what you are. Throughout the game you will wonder ""why, though?""Answers will turn into new questions as you solve puzzle after puzzle, and the philosophy of it all becomes your thought, maybe without you even realising."
76561198034490663,Recommended,257510,31101053,Posted: 12 April,all,v-toe,Portal + The Witness / the exponent of Philosophy - Sleep of 100% Ideology to the power of Elohim = ......The Talos Principle.
76561198030186570,Recommended,257510,29127450,Posted: 8 January,all,victormfeitosa,"This game is a piece of art. The way it combines clever puzzles with philosophy is quite original compared to all other games in the marketplace.It is a great feeling when you have the ""a-ha"" moment when you discover one of the answers to the challenging puzzles.The only setback I can imagine is some of the ""star puzzles"", the ones in which the difficulty kind of crosses the limits of the game.If you have the patience to keep pushing (and thinking) to find the solutions to the puzzles and actually read the amazing texts in the game, I guarantee Talos Principle will be a great gaming experience."
76561198129212819,Recommended,257510,31871641,Posted: 20 May,all,qtechautomotive,Hands down best puzzle game I have ever played with mystery and story that drives you to press on. Highly recommend for anyone looking to immerse themselves in something that doesn't require endless mags of ammunition spent along with a high body count.
76561197977975169,Recommended,257510,23811544,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Static_One,Simply fantastic.
76561198038269822,Recommended,257510,23825470,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,fk,"Beautiful, wondelful and serene game. Wish there were more games like this."
76561198015702336,Recommended,257510,31878796,Posted: 21 May,all,Elias Camber,Great puzzles with a satisfying learning curve.Also one of the best written games I've ever played...that's right... do not skip the dialogue!
76561198064385513,Recommended,257510,31883510,Posted: 21 May,all,eatstatic69,"This is a fantastic game. Clever, rewarding puzzles, a deep storyline (if you make the effort to read the texts provided) and wonderful sound design. It's also pretty meaty as well if you want to collect everything. It is a work of art in my opinion and a game I will remember for some time to come."
,Recommended,257510,31876175,Posted: 20 May,all,Hector Vector Bunny Blast,"This easily tops my list of favorite games of all time. It addresses so many philosophical questions I've had with a captivating (and heart-wrenching) story. Inspiring, challenging and has a great soundtrack.I highly recommend it, and definitely get Road to Gehenna and the Serious DLC for the second (or third, or fourth) play-through."
,Recommended,257510,31884250,Posted: 21 May,all,Xautos,"Not often i use my brain in complicated things, and i've been suprised by the puzzles i have gone through so far, it's been very interesting to learn and find ways around and avoid going on the steam community guides section... hehehe. This beats the hell out of Portal, thats for sure!I completed it and its been a positive journey, i recognise the voice of Elohim from SWTOR as one of various characters, most notably Darth Arkous on the Shadow of Revan expansion. Also learning about the meaning of life, death and what is laying inbetween, lots of philosophy and discussion about things. Some of this about Life i already knew because having sat on the fence and watched humanity from that point of view i learned a bit as much as i learned from within myself for years on my own, strengths, weaknesses and other points. So in that way the reason it's interesting is how it furthers that very point and see it from another point of view which has helped in understanding another level to this whole philosophical idea that i honestly didn't think of.The Graphics are almost completely natural and thats a hard thing to do for a lot of the game makers i have seen, in section A you walk through a greek/roman building, it's longish corridor makes you wonder what it was like from the view of an ancient greek, macedonian and a roman to walk through buildings like that and be at awe about the complexity of the pillars, the surrounding balconies and ceiling, the polished floor. In Section B you are in an ancient egyptian room with statues of various animals on display and inside Section C is a replica of a 15th century church from the looks of it, minus the bibical stuff you find in a church. Then there is the sky.For all the good however i have one problem with the game i don't like much, the missing ability to tune out the bird noises specifically in the background, after enough of the section A puzzles, im' getting headaches listening to that buzzing noise constantly. i mean generally you can block it out with the effects on zero, but that takes away the sounds of other things including those the otherside of a wall that could give you an insight into something you can't see directly but you know is there. I was just glad to make it to Section B where there are none of those bird noises.So yeah, i very much recommend the game and if it were not for those bird noises i would of given it the full thumbs up."
76561197976157132,Recommended,257510,28430777,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Dyaxt,"Maybe the best puzzle game I have ever played. Took me 72h to beat the Tower. I had to use google once, which pains like hell. It wasn't really necessary, which even hurts more. The game is totally fair. If you don't crack a puzzle, let's face it, it's because you are too dumb ;-)World of Goo is the next on my list. I hope it holds what has been promised!"
,Recommended,257510,26875894,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Newton,This game is one of my favorites. Mind blowing. Totally like it.10/10
,Recommended,257510,20256672,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kala4,just awesome!nice puzzles and storyline.
76561197980187328,Recommended,257510,27870954,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sevorex,"I wish I could forget everything about this game and experience it for the first time again, because it is that awesome."
,Recommended,257510,31086635,Posted: 11 April,all,Dooks,"To be Honest I generally hate this genre!On a whim I Bought this on sale and I have found it exceeded expectations on all fronts with both beautiful vistas and some truly stunning locations, for me Talos has interesting game play some good puzzles that will on occasion have you kick yourself and a nice overall feel / finish.... well done!with this title also supporting workshop it should evolve well :)"
76561197969417125,Recommended,257510,15501267,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,G00N3R,"The Talos Principle is an interesting and intelligently designed puzzle game that also seeks to explore themes of philosophy, Humanity and religion. You awaken in a garden, and a disembodied voice gives you the task of solving a series of puzzles.I don't want to say too much more about the story, because it would spoil the sense of mystery. As the game begins, you don't really know who or what your character is, where you are, or what has happened to the world. The answers have to be pieced together from clues found in computer terminals or by exploring the environment, but there is a feeling that things may not be what they appear on the surface.The goal of each puzzle is to collect a ""sigil"" (like a Tetris block) which is hidden within an obstacle course. There are various hazards blocking your path, such as forcefields, explosives and motion activated machine gun turrets, and you need to use other objects to deactivate or bypass them. Use cubes to weigh down pressure plates, or connectors to redirect laser beams to activate switches. Powerful fans can send objects (or yourself) flying through the air, and some mind bending puzzles even allow you to co-operate with your own clone.I personally found the difficulty to be spot on. It challenged me, but I always felt like I was making progress. It helps that the world is designed in such a way that several puzzles are available at a time, so if you do get stuck somewhere, you can move on to attempt a different puzzle, and come back later. The sigils are colour coded based on difficulty. Greens and yellows are relatively straight forward and are used to teach the player new concepts, while the reds are much more advanced, so they had me scratching my beard for a while until I finally got that ""oh, of course!"" moment.There are also a number of ""stars"" to collect, and this is where the game went beyond my puzzle solving ability. These are what you might consider to be the ""secrets"". Many of them are easy to find, but add an extra layer of complexity to an already completed sigil puzzle. Other stars are hidden in places that are difficult to even see, and have really crazy solutions. These are the hardest puzzles, so solving each one feels amazing, but I've only managed to collect about half of them so far. I've got a strong suspicion that the story has multiple endings, one for collecting all the sigils, and another that is unlocked by collecting all the stars, as a reward for completionists.The graphics are fantastic, with detailed ancient architecture and lots of colour, from the sandy pyramids of Egyptian themed levels to western styled cathedrals surrounded by trees. The graphics menu is the most detailed that I've ever seen, with dozens of settings to tweak. I'm getting a constant 60 FPS having turned off motion blur and shadows AA with everything else enabled/high. I haven't encountered any bugs or crashes.I definitely enjoyed playing The Talos Principle. The closest reference point I can think of is the Portal series. I think there are similarities with the first person perspective, and some of the puzzle concepts, which test the same logical part of the brain, so I think anyone who likes Portal should consider picking up The Talos Principle."
,Recommended,257510,17191208,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Banana Bread,"Brilliant first person puzzler that tackles themes of faith that are unique in videogames. Absolutely beautiful graphics, challenging puzzles (the bonus stars still have me completely baffled for the most part,) and a cool premise. It does occasionally get a little self-indulgent with the text logs, but it has some humour thrown in to keep it light and does a good job of letting you piece together the backstory of the world. The Talos Principle is one of the most underrated games of 2014.Grade: A[Written before playing the Road To Gehenna DLC]"
76561198102174535,Recommended,257510,35263683,Posted: 28 September,all,Maniafig,"The Talos Principle has more than enough puzzles and narrative to justify its price tag, with good graphics to boot. The puzzles are quite varied and always fair and solvable, though at times they can be somewhat repetetive. That said, I'd always find myself wanting to solve them anyway, both for the satisfaction of solving a difficult puzzle and to read more of the story.The Path to Gehenna DLC is also recommended, it's more of everything good about the base game."
,Recommended,257510,35270077,Posted: 28 September,all,Fuck Norris,"Following the success of Serious Sam 3 Croatian developers Croteam toyed with the idea of expanding on the shoot on sight style of gameplay by mixing in puzzle elements. Penned initially as a tech demo for the Serious Engine 4, Croteam saw potential in their newly developed puzzle format and eventually went on to spearhead the release of their new engine with The Talos Principle.Given the first-person puzzle genre had been dominated by Valve heavyweight Portal, The Talos Principle stands up well providing the player with with a myriad of surprisingly challenging puzzles, none of which are frustrating in the slightest. Never does the game cheat you with artificial difficulty and cheap filler material puzzles. The controls feel almost exactly the same as the Serious Sam series and makes for a comfortable gaming experience.The story is centered heavily on the philosophy of human life, challenging what it means to be a human, free will and the human psyche. You awaken in a garden and are guided by the voice of Elohim, creator of the worlds who tells you that your purpose is to seek sigils through solving puzzles and attain eternal life. Although not put so bluntly the player is left to draw their own conclusion about what is going on. Through the use of in-game text files and audio logs found on computer terminals scattered across the worlds, you begin to learn about your surroundings and about who you are in this world, deciphering information given by others with their own unique motivations, desires and purposes. The ultimatum towards the latter part of the game really challenges your mind, forcing you to decide whether to disobey the word of Elohim and ascend the mysterious tower or giving into the temptation of eternal life.The game's graphics are as equal a selling point as its gripping story and challenging puzzles. The visuals are quite simply incredible, complimented by its beautiful renditions of ancient Greek, Egyptian and Medievil setpieces. Damjan Mravunac heads up the soundtrack with peaceful melodic music which fits perfectly to the given level and even some times it is somewhat reminiscent of binaural beats. Inspired by minimalism, the music is also used to convey the deeper, darker undertones of the game whilst remaining soft to the ear. Each new song fitting perfectly with the level design and somehow tickling that unconscious desire to learn more about your true purpose, a true footnote to the somewhat melancholic undertone of the game.This game to me really is a masterpiece. Acting as a window to your subconscious, serving as a perfect satisfaction for the infeasable human desire, the lifelong yearning of discovering why you are really here on this earth. Something we may never discover, so I leave you with a quote. 'How do you solve a problem that extends beyond your own lifespan?'."
,Recommended,257510,17526580,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Odd Mutant,"The Talos Principle is remarkable. It takes somewhat simple puzzle mechanics and weaves in philosophy and mystery that makes the game feel… Grand. Very grand. This feels more like an epic than many games that shove that buzzword down your throat.The people who made this game must’ve been ♥♥♥♥ing intelligent. The way they give you info, what info, and how it’s delivered keeps you in a state of reflection and speculation while you wrap your brain around the puzzles. It's a great balancing act.I was really intimidated by this game at first, for as engaging as it was I feared for a brick wall that could impeded my progress, or the game becomes so obtuse that I leave it out of frustration. And while the game is open really open ended, going through it in order never felt like a gradual curve up to impossibility. They sprinkle the tricky puzzles, but never where it feels like the difficulty curve is too uneven.It’s also long, Steam says I’ve put 26 hours into it. And for it’s length, I think like 2 or 3% of it’s content and story was repeating itself. Finishing it was immensely satisfying too, I haven’t been that satisfied from beating a game for a while.So yeah, ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game and play it immediately. It was worth it at $35. Hell, it would be worth it at $60. 10/10 GOTY 2014, 15, & 16."
76561198388937885,Recommended,257510,35279945,Posted: 28 September,all,samlorenz,"This game was the reason I downloaded Steam in the first place.I had always been a huge fan of puzzle games such as Portal, and this game was no exception. Imagine removing a lot of the humor from Portal and replacing it with a deep intellectual story that truly makes you contemplate your own existence and what it means to be alive.Overall I found the puzzle difficulty to be slightly above the Portal series towards the end of the game. However there are still plenty of levels that ease you into the new mechanics so you never feel like you couldn't solve a puzzle because a mechanic had not been explained.The DLC offers even more puzzles, most of which I found fiendishly difficult. The DLC's story is self contained, though still relates to the main game's storyline in a way. It creates a lot more characters that you can interact with via the message boards, which I found to be a very nice addition.If you are a fan of the genre then this game is a must buy. Even if you are not, I would still reccommend you to give it a try. This game has rocketed up to be possibly my favourite game that I have played. 10/10"
76561198045815680,Recommended,257510,31908586,Posted: 22 May,all,Zubenelgenubi,"* puzzle game,* actually not a puzzle game,* more like a philosophy game,* ok there are puzzles but also a lot of philosophy more like...* whoaaa wait a minute who am I speaking accross the terminal,* why god create humans, actually no one knows right ? wrong ? what ever....* why I am asking these kind of strange questions to myself ?* yeah I know I know because I am a human...* am I robot to the god ? waaooovv.* don't be ridiculous I have faith,* really how is that ?* am I have faith ?  Yesss, but why is that ?* something strange about this reality but also sun is great to watch,* maybe somebody can fix these glitches, whaaat ???  me,  no waaay,* why do you tempting me man please shut up !!* definitely not a game like serious sam,* who is sam anyway ?   ooohhooooh the guy with guns, allright I remembered.* You are my child !!!!!  really ? where is mommy ?Recommend this game to any one except the ""shoot everything"" guys. like it very much. a must have game in my opinion.Zub v77.2.46.9.4:))"
,Recommended,257510,13455486,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,GRRRR,"Slick, quality game. Imagine eating a fine dinner and thinking ""this is some good food"", now transfer that to a videogame.Style and gameplay influences from Portal, you get more than one tool tho to get thru the ""testing grounds"". Story isnt too much of a surprise, the game doesnt make a big mystery out of it either - the point is collecting the scraps, assembling the bigger picture. Great graphics and sound. Presentation overall triple A.The only thing negative i could say that towards the end when the puzzles became really hard i remembered i actually hate thinking too much and rushed thru the last few ones with gamefaqs to see the ending. Was able to solve about 3/4 on my own so id say the difficulty for the normal stuff is reasonable. Theres superhard extra levels apparently for which you need to do tricky extra stuff in the normal levels to even unlock so Puzzlefreaks get their fill too. Unlocking stages/abilites requires some sort of Tetris which i really didnt like much but thats down personal taste  i guess.Good game well worth the price. Recommended"
76561198040898922,Recommended,257510,13516115,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Faceguy,"The narrative felt like the best parts of Portal and Antichamber, though the puzzles themselves were Portal-esque ""chambers."" While there are very few actual decisions to be made, you will learn something about yourself.DO NOT ALLOW THE GAME TO CATAGORIZE YOU PHILOSOPHICALLY. The game will give you a set of beliefs to choose from, expecting you to know or at least consider their proofs and consequences. If you are not sure, do not worry. If your choices are contradictory, do not worry. Only your actions will define the game's outcome, but try your best to at least think things over with a bit of emotional distance.Nihilist computer programs, apocalypse, self-proclaimed gods, and Tetris aside, its a good puzzle game. Do try to enjoy it.Those are my thoughts, so let it be written."
,Recommended,257510,13607961,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,RaZeR2020,"There are 2 types of questions: straight-forward and deep-thinking.Do I like this game?NoDo I love this game?YesThose were simple questions that I could answer in a flash. But what about a difficult one:What does being a human mean?Stop right there! Don't even try to answer this one.Forget what you know about your own life and take a leap of faith. Try to follow this game's course and find out what it really means to be a human...by experiencing a replica of the world God created for us.Of course, there is no Adam and Eve here. It's just you, the Devil and the God. Will you let yourself tempted by the Devil, or get immortality by following God's rules? I will be honest. I let myself tempted and I found it rewarding. The Devil's phylosophy...no...the entire game's phylosophy conviced me that defying God would  bring me satisfaction. It did, but it also raised a whole new set of questions.Back to the question we left a few moments ago.What does being a human mean?I'd like to spoil it for you, but i won't. I think you should find out for yourself. If you pay enough attention, The Talos Principle will slowly reveal the answer. But as I said before, finding the answer might raise other questions.So here I leave you some of these thought-provoking questions that this game has raised:Was Eve right to eat the Forbidden Fruit? What if God actually wanted her to do so? What if eating the Apple was actually what God had intended for the human kind from the very beginning?"
,Recommended,257510,13501563,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Haze,"This is a 3D puzzle game using an FPS engine, so of course it'll inevitably be compared to P.O.R.T.A.L. in every review. Let's do that.Portal is nonstop comic relief while Talos Principle is much more serious in tone, with a few bits of unexpected humor hidden away. I'd say one is like reading Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy while the other is like a Philip K♥♥♥♥♥♥novel. They may both star robots and AIs, but Talos focuses much more on questions of philosophy and religion.For the puzzles themselves, obviously there's no flashy physics gimmicks like the Portal gun or bouncing paint. Mostly you'll work with basic elements like lasers and lines of sight, and that's just fine. There's a nice challenge curve, and it's very non-linear anyway so you can choose your order. The Tetromino door puzzles between areas get a little tedious though.I love puzzle games, so they both feel like equally amazing titles in very different styles. Few games accomplish being as fun & amusing as Portal, but even fewer games accomplish being as intelligent & thought-provoking as Talos Principle."
,Recommended,257510,13488004,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,☢.Mr.Amazing.☢™,"if the level design will be as good in ss4 as in this game, than the possibilities are endless.My only request for ss4 will be if you make the level design as amazing as in the talos principle.(yes, it is that good)talos principle in a nutshell, you sovle puzzles, you unlock elements of the puzzles, a puzzle within a puzzle, reading texts from the computer archives, pretend you are having a conversion with a computer, realizing you are having a conversation with a computer, secrets and lots of em, exploring and getting lost in gorgiously eye appealing levels, reading some more, the rest will be reveal itself in the game as you play and progress further into the game, and the color saturation is back, thanks croteam :).Oh, you can play as serious sam in this one as a mod (sadly, its just the third person view of him).overall its engaging, fun, really emersive, and is a feely game.(the story in this game also works like a puzzle, you piece everything together to figure out what is really going on).It is one of those games that I didn't know I couldn't get enough of until I got it.This game has so much things to read though, but doesn't force it to you so thats good.Get this, I guarantee you will feel like a wizard once you have completed one of the worlds.The more people who will contribute to buying this game, the better the croteam's ss4 game's quality is going to get.""croteam rules, and I approves of this game, buy it now or I will refuse to show up in my next epic adventure of kicking mental hord's♥♥♥♥♥quot; - sam serious stoneupdate = hope this game gets more recognition, croteam really did an amazing job with this game and I have zero complaints about this game"
76561198020306018,Recommended,257510,13462918,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,drcutler1026,"All I have to say is WOW. This game is mind blowingly good. Not only is it a fantasticly satisfying puzzle game, but it goes much much deeper than that. I am not really into philosphy, but this game has made me really reconsider my life beliefs. I know that sounds silly for a video game, but trust me it is that deep. There is just a little bit more reading than I usually like, but rest assured that it is absolutely captivating. (Mind you I hate reading).I loved portal, and alot of people are comparing this game to that. I found portal 2 to be tedious after a bit, where as I am immensely satisfied after most of the late game puzzles. Not sure if this feeling will last as I have only played about 15 Hourstl;dr  Amazing game, thought provoking puzzle solver. 10/10. Perfect!!"
76561197977604051,Recommended,257510,13534919,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Soma/Talos,MASTERPIECE
,Recommended,257510,13450170,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,það bergmálar þegar ég anda,"I wish, I could turn back time and explore it again and again and again and again and again..., wait, I can!did you ever wonder: ""who am I?Why do I have these eyes, and those hands?Why do I see the colors that I see? Why do I think like I think?""yes? - then this game is for you!no? - then this game is for you!""What is the point of being alive? I know, I know, it's an old question and not one that's easy to answer. But I mean, if you're reading this, you are alive. And some day you will stop being alive. Both of these facts are incontrovertible.So what about it, then? Don't you wonder? Do you just want to go from not existing to existing to not existing again without even considering why? You, right now, as you sit there reading this: why do you exist? What is the purpose of your life? Do you have one? Should you have one? Is it better to have a purpose or not? When you approach death, will you feel that your life had meaning? If so, why? If not, why not? What defines whether a life was good or not?It may seem abstract right now, but that moment just before death will come. It is inevitable. If you don't ask yourself these questions, how will you face that moment?""- (most) important terminal in the game (and probably your life)."
,Recommended,257510,13358346,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,MPO,"Exquisite beyond words; together with the Road to Gehenna DLC, a philosophical life-changer and beautiful triumph, graphically and for humanity.  A work of art, graphically and narratively.Oh, and the puzzles are pretty ♥♥♥♥ing clever too."
,Recommended,257510,14366106,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,brandiny7,"10/10I didn't know what to expect going in, and boy was I pleasantly surprised. Aside from fun and increasingly difficult puzzles like I was hoping to find, the game content actually brought out my emotions and triggered a series of thought provoking topics that I couldn't help but chat with friends about outside the game.I highly recommend getting this game, and taking your time reading all the content along the journey!"
,Recommended,257510,13529305,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Apathy,"Amazing game, great atmosphere, really makes you think. Totally recommended"
76561198051105224,Recommended,257510,17204698,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,imbajoe,give it a go - you wont be dissapointed  - fast becoming one of my favourite games
,Recommended,257510,23976284,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,0V3RM1ND,I am not a huge fan of puzzle games actually because i am so easily get bored of them.I guess i am close to the ending of The Talos Principle and i honestly can say that so far i never got bored. The Talos Principle achieves one of the most primal goals of a game : It is fun to play it and i actually enjoy playing it.To all the people that share my feelings when i browse here on Steam :You do not have to worry about not having good time and the game sufficiently tempts you to play it more and more.
,Recommended,257510,13440213,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,PurpleSensation,"Love it. So much to think on this game, buy it."
76561198161361714,Recommended,257510,14427402,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,6SHIFTER,Why aren't there more of these games 10/10
76561198171694369,Recommended,257510,22171978,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,DaFreshBoat,Very good game I like lots very much of course makes u think and whatnot
,Recommended,257510,22783095,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,rizz_skates,"After Buying this game I couldnt put it down. Looking for another portal 2 type game, this cured ""the itch""! Really nice mechanics, textures and puzzles. I like the tetris touch on the door locks too. Good story, although you feel a little disconected to the voice talking to you at times. Would buy second one if they made one. Kept me going for 20 Hrs and dare say I might play again to get all the extras."
,Recommended,257510,23859443,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,W I Ξ W I O R | dogry.pl,"very good game with beautiful graphic, bought beacose i love portal, not regreat"
,Recommended,257510,23014684,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,pepincity,"First of all, let me tell you that there was a blatant attempt to mislead the consumer: there are no cute kittens in this game.This is what every puzzle game should be, it takes every aspect of its available items and use them fully to make amazing puzzles that can be genuinely rewarding to solve. I finished the game in 15 hours.There are multiple endings, but I don't think it's a good idea to put them in a puzzle game, since it won't really create replayability. But these endings make it so that this game is your own adventure and your choices matter.If you care about reading some stuff, this game can be a wonderful window into philosophy. It gives stories and philosophical texts around the place for you to read, and this will help you think about things you've never thought about before. This makes it a very rich and interesting experience that you won't find anywhere else."
76561198160613867,Recommended,257510,22856092,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,damien_devour,"I cannot begin to explain my satisfaction with this game. This game has everything a gamer would want, absoultly amazing graphics, thrilling awesome gameplay and a wonderfully crafted in-depth storyline that makes you ponder life itself. If I said this game was a masterpiece that would be an understatement. There are no words to fathom the complexities and amazing aspects of this game just 100/10 completely blew my expections out of the water. This game is worth full price hands down."
,Recommended,257510,13742387,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Scampie!!,"Fantastic. The puzzles are excellent, the world is lovely, the narrative is well written and interesting, and everything feels polished and well crafted. The best game of 2014 hands down. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,22923550,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,JaFwish,Haven't played much but has made good first impressions.
,Recommended,257510,22949546,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Hellhound,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game. Really liked the different puzzles and mazes, and most I could figure out on my own with a lot of headscratching. But always got that big thrill at the final solution and opening the gate to the sigils.Now the bad, which is pretty few...some of the areas are bugged and had to be reloaded to work properly, including one area where you had to stand on a box and the box would keep falling off O.oOverall, if you enjoyed older games like Myst and even just want a break from FPS (no shooting in this game from you at all, but you can make some floating bombs get shot by turrets), I would give this a try. I bought it on a steam sale and feel like I got my money's worth by far."
,Recommended,257510,22845776,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Томв the Ram of Thunder,Fun puzzles with interesting dialogue.
76561198061523499,Recommended,257510,18831429,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Philly Mays,Probably the best money I've spent on Steam.I've played Portal and its sequel - takes everything good about that series and carries it even further.Puzzles are very challenging at times - rewardingPlot is deep enough to make you contemplate your existenceEven more difficult challenges to find secret stars - very rewardingOne of the best PC games I've ever played for sure
76561197989597108,Recommended,257510,18896899,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,vin draco,"If video games are art, this is a Monet."
,Recommended,257510,13907670,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,SpinGee,"Awesome puzzle game, better then portals. Very interesting story and phylosofical thougts"
,Recommended,257510,13355471,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Don,"If you like puzzle games and beautiful environments along with a profound storyline that stimulates you to think philosophically, this is the title you've been waiting for. Recommended to all puzzle lovers."
,Recommended,257510,13579704,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,☢ PhoeniX-Storms ☢,"GAME OF THE YEAR 2014 and probably 2015!. Astonishing graphics, game concept and storyline. I wish I could erase my memory and play it again and again.Yes, the game looks inspired by Portal, but with completely different concepts. You don't just play puzzle levels, you solve them to find answers on why you are there and where is THERE? Also you want to get out and be free!Raccomended? TOTALLY!!!"
,Recommended,257510,33085704,Posted: 1 July,all,Ober_King,What an awesome game
76561198149975705,Recommended,257510,31105676,Posted: 12 April,all,Wykman,"A truly profound experience, quite unmatched by most games of today. The puzzles are challenging, the scenery enthralling and the mystery riveting. Same praise for the DLC, in fact it's probably even better than the base game. If you like Portal but wished you could play a similar game but with a more serious tone with philosphical overtones, then this is for you."
,Recommended,257510,14639106,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,TheHegemon,"If you like games such as Portal or Myst than just buy this game without reading the rest of this.For those of you that don't like Portal or thought Myst was a boring mess (which I can understand) buy this game anyway.This game is worth it for the story alone! The story of The Talos Principle is not shoved in your face or fed to you with a spoon. The story is subtle, nuanced and creative but still really deep and engaging. But if you don't care about the story of a game you can completely skip the story, yes the story can be completely ignored. But I promise you it will STILL be worth the 40 euros. Because the gameplay is so good.The Talos Principle completely reached its potential and explored all that it could explore.You'll be thinking of this game for months and you'll be that anoying friend who can't stop talking about that one new game that was so amazing. Because that is what The Talos Principle is, Amazing.Praise be to our lord and savior Elohim!9,5/10In the beginning were the WordsAnd the Words made the worldI am the WordsThe Words are everythingWere the Words endThe world endsYou cannot go forwardIn an Absence of spaceRepeat.In the beginning were the WordsAnd the Words made the worldI am the WordsThe Words are everythingWere the Words endThe world endsYou cannot go forwardIn an Absence of spaceRepeat.In the beginning were the WordsAnd the Words made the worldI am the WordsThe Words are everythingWere the Words endThe world endsYou cannot go forwardIn an Absence of spaceRepeat.In the beginning were the WordsAnd the Words made the worldI am the WordsThe Words are everythingWere the Words endThe world endsYou cannot go forwardIn an Absence of spaceRepeat."
,Recommended,257510,22828081,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,AccrualBowtie,"An extremely challenging FP puzzle game in the spirit of Portal. The overtones of existentialism and questioning your ""Maker"" engross the story and draw you in. Loved every minute of it!"
,Recommended,257510,31084866,Posted: 11 April,all,ＪＵＳＴＩＣＥ,Very good game. More philosophical than portal.Also really edgy
76561198014175847,Recommended,257510,13333734,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,KL0r31n1GER | #Idon'tknowthem,"TL;DR :  Awesome puzzlegame, ""Must buy"" if you loved portal  !First impressions:After watching the trailers and after taking a look at the screenshotsI expected to play just a portal clone. But this game is so much more...All of the ~40 puzzles I solved so far were more or less unique, which is quite an accomplishment if you ask me! (Around 1/3 of the included puzzles)Gameplay:A very good thing I'd like to point out is that there are puzzles with varying degrees of diffulty, where the hardest ones are optional (""Stars"") and the easier ones can be solved in any order you like.Which means that if you can't come up with a solution for one of the problems, you can just skip it and continue with the next one.The controls are the same as in all the other FPS games you played before, nothing to mention here.Story:NO cutscenes, NO all knowing narrator !If you want to know what's going on, you will have to look around by yourself and collect audio recordings and read tons of text messages.^^As other users pointed out, it is a very philosophical story which wants you to think by yourself rather than presenting you with a solution.But even if you are not interested in this kind of stuff, don't worry. You can still solve puzzles without knowing anything about the world you live in.Presentation:Graphics are okay but I don't think that anyone plays this kind of game because of how good it looks. ;)The only thing I don't really like are some invisible barriers around certain walls which prevent you from climbing them, even if they look like you could jump on them.  Which can be quite frustrating if you have an idea on how to get somewhere but it just doesn't work. ToTSummary:All in all a solid 8/10 from me, which is quite alot.^^Didn't have so much fun with a puzzle game since Portal !"
76561197994427151,Recommended,257510,28007966,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Andy,Literally one of the greatest gaming experiences of my life.
76561198068875097,Recommended,257510,26416861,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Vatrena,NOW IT'S TIME TO ADD THE HUMAN ELEMENT
76561198083461136,Recommended,257510,22866251,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ℜ.𝔢𝔵𝔢,"You know that feeling where you do something that feels sooooooo good, and you never want it to stop? Thats what this is. And it never stops. 999,999,999,999,999,999,999/10"
76561198027961805,Recommended,257510,31815345,Posted: 17 May,all,Bane902,The best puzzle game since Portal 2 and pretty much its only competer with a great story to boot.
76561197977127815,Recommended,257510,15245488,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Kam Solastor,"0/10 - Completely misleading - there were in fact NO kittens included in this game. Total rip off.Joking aside, it really makes you think about humanity and your own inteellect. Argued with reasoning whether reasoning is flawed to a computer. Very interesting. 9/10 (Felt a smidge short to me, but I usually play games like Fallout and Skyrim, where you can spend hundreds of hours in them). All in all, very cool. Definitely would suggest it.Still slightly annoyed there were no kittens."
76561197971964488,Recommended,257510,17442492,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,[HdF] Almut Grete,"+ Very nice puzzle game.+ Not as hard as others but some things will need you to think ahead and back, what makes it a unique experience.+ funny and interesting things to find in the world~ The sound and ""discussions"" with the serpent highly emphasize that this game is deeeeeeeeeeep and philosophical ... come down to matrix 2 kind of deep in teh end but surely uses the sound and ""voice of god"" to make it feel deeper- Some puzzles even later on are surprisingly simple- if you would not spend time ""exploring"" aka searching for easter-eggs, it is rather short for the prize"
,Recommended,257510,17750981,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Colude,"I don't usually leave reviews for games but this is one exception I just have to make.The soundtrack is excellent and suits the levels perfectly, while the storyline pulls you through a number of psychological and moral choices, questioning your own.This game makes you think, re-think, talk to yourself, think again, scratch your head, and yell in sweet triumph.This is amazing. It's what gaming should be."
,Recommended,257510,15446274,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,S U P E R S P A N K E R,"Talos Principle ReviewMy first glance rating: 8,5/10A great puzzle and philosophy game that definetley has potential to become a classic (thinkPortal 1-2).Value: 6,5/10A little overpriced, in my opinion. Almost 40€ for this game is a bit much, 50% off would be much more reasonable. But I understand why the game is priced in such manner...Singleplayer (Co-op or Multiplayer is non - existent at the moment): 10/10Singleplayer (Moddableversion is available) in this game is great. Although some puzzles are surprisingly hard to solve, this game never lacks from motivation. What is the Tower? Who is Elohim (Fun fact:Elohim means God in Hebrew. At least that's what the game tells you)? Why are you here, and what is your purpose? Easy and hard puzzles are woven together in a perfect mix.In - game content: 8/10At first glance, the puzzles may seem very repetitive, they have a small variations that help you figure out ways to solve harder ones. Stars (which are used to unlock a special gate) are hidden here and there and encourage players to explore the vast empty worlds of, well, you'll find out soon enough! But also computers with emails and other interesting info surrounding the ""Eternal life"" project (including time capsules and cryptic QR codes in some quite interesting places). And if you can't think of an anwser to a puzzle, takea break and suddenly,WHAMyou get a aha - impression!Length: 8/10The most interesting and downright different part about this game is that you canclimb the tower almost whenever you wantor just stick to what Elohim wants you to do, that is, complete all the puzzles. Sometimes it can seem as though you just want to skip everything but my advise is that you take time and read all the journals etc. and everything will unfold much more interesting. For an example of a thing I would like to see more of are the computer tests, as they are surprisingly fun.Story: 10/10The story has similarities withPortal(so has the gameplay) but its far from a rip off.  You are arobot""child"" inside a world of ancient ruins mixed with hi - tech stuff like portals (!) and lasers. You are to complete puzzles for a reason I will not spoil. The trailer gives you a good overview (Damn, I was lazy on this part of the review).Gameplay: 8,5/10May feel a little restricted at times, and interaction can be a bit stuttering but otherwise you have a great piece of work right in front of you. That you can choose which puzzles to do when you want is absoluteley a big +. Overrall the gameplay is very good (what about some parkour on pillars and walls to find an easteregg?).Graphics 9/10I really don't see why people complain over the graphics. I think it looks very good (you can walk close to textures and they don't blurr) and some of the artwork is truly astounding (the mines look gorgeous and the colour choices are awesome).Physics 8/10Like most other games although the fact that you can't jump over the turrets and ""guardians"" (whatever they are called)lasers is a bit irritating. Nice work overall!Sound 8/10Sounds can get a bit ""boring"" but I like the satisfying ""bonk"" when you run into a wall (heh). Also they raise your awareness by making clear that a turret or ""guardian"" is near. Pretty neat, and the voice acting is brilliant, I mean Elohims voice? Can you get enough of it? My anwser is: NOPE.Music: 10/10Hands down, the music is a masterpiece and one of the best things in this game. Soothing and truly wonderful, any Talos Principle fan will tell you they love it. Most of  them anyway.Atmosphere 9,5/10Eerie and mysterious... Really good if you ask me. A lot of questions get anwsered in perfect timing and you get the chance to do puzzling yourself with help from journals etc. Wow.Clarity 7,5/10This game has you making decisions on what to do. Freedom or not? You notice what you are supposed to do (on puzzles) quite quickly. Intelligent!World 8,5/10Restricted in a meaningful way (like Portal) the world is beutiful and slightly harmonic although at the same time mysterious and slightly scary (no, not the \(o0o)/ way, more like the philosophical way).Characters 7/10Interesting and meaningful characters that you want to find out more about. Enough said.User Interface (UI) 9,5/10Really nice pause menu, with easy-to-understand terms and phrases. A big con here is that there is no save button (the game autosaves here and then but it would feel so much nicer with autosave AND a ""save"" button).Controls 6,5/10Standard WASD M1+M2 and Esc + Tab controls. Nothing special, I mean why would there be, I like it this way, but it isn't very innovative...Influence 8/10Choises have consequences which isgood, there are three endings available plus other stuff like test results telling you what questions (agree/disagree) were wrong according to the program.Settings 5/10Not really that many settings apart from audio and resolution.AI 9/10Pun not intended. The AI in this game follow simple rules and work smoothly. Nothing too complain about.Up to date 10/10This game will be pretty up to date for a few years to come, with a storyline set somewhere in the future with robots and stuff. When will that ever get old?Replayability 6,5/10Sure, puzzles are always fun and achivement hunting is one of my personal favorite things to do in a video game, but when you know the ending, things aren't gonna be the same. Well, at least there are different endings and hey, maybe your friends want to play it!Pace 8/10Well, gamepace is good but those turrets man, they are too fast!Repetitiveness 7,5/10Maybe it can get repetitive after a while but I still think its fun. And if people have gone through the entire game, they probably enjoyed it.RealismThe game asks several clever questions about AI's and it is realistic enough (about as realistic asPortalI mean, what happened too the humans?) without being way too unlikely.DLC 7/10I don't own any of The Talos Principle DLC's!But they seem to be okay. Look, I really don't know :DAchivements 9,5/10Cryptic and easy enough too obtain (not too hard or too easy) I really like the achivements especially the Cube one (if you have been to the""Things You Do With Two Cubes""mission you will understand. It's hilarious). The layout and colouring scheme looks magnificent!Originality 8,5/10Although a milestone in gaming history (this is an important part of the Portal - like puzzlegame sub - genre, which is important!) it lacks of the innovation Portal has, as Portal came first. The games have many similarities and The Talos Principle is original - but not at all as original as Portal. It's an important cornerstone in this type of genre but it just doesn't really make it to 10/10. But it's a absoluteley spiffing game, I must say!Coclusion (and final game rating): 9/10The fact that the game actually was better than my expectations is surprising considering I had high hopes. It's a great game with some minor flaws that don't affect it that much. A game whose content may just not be worth the current price, definetley has a lot of potential.CroteamandDevolver Digitalhas created one of my all-time favorite games and I think they have done a really good job. If you like Portal and Tetris you will probably love this game. Thumbs up. Undoubtedly."
,Recommended,257510,16457929,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Fool,"First I played through it.Then I played through it again.Then I 100% completed the game and unlocked all achievements.Then I bought it because all this time I was using Family Sharing to play it, and I wanted to support the developers.I can't praise this game enough, one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,257510,17700724,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,A Pint of Piss,"Thought-provoking story, as long as you inspect the in-game terminals that provide exposition etc. Requires a great deal of reading if you want to achieve the maximum effect. Puts into perspective both the purpose of human life, as well as what defines humanity in an AI. If you found interesting the moral dilemmas of acknowleging the legitimacy of synthetic life as presented in the Mass Effect franchise or the Ex Machina movie, you will enjoy it.The actual puzzles kind of feel like what Portal 2 would be without the portals. Laser puzzles are done in a better way, albeit a tad over-used over the course of the game. The testing elements in The Talos Principle kind of snap with each other in a more predictable way, which allows - in contrast with the Source engine - repeatability in specific ""solving techniques"", while at the same time almost zeroing the margin for alternate solutions. It's just a change of pace compared to more realistic first person puzzles, nor better or worse. A lot of easter eggs and bonus puzzles.The DLC is decent too, with a lot more organic activity in the terminals, and nice puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,16460128,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,DezTheManiac,"Wow. Just wow. I'm barely even into this game and the depth of the story is just mind-boggling. Gameplay is very similar to Portal which makes it easy to pick up and adapt to, but the key feature to this game is the story. Where Portal was designed to make you think about the tech and its ramifications for the game, Talos Principle makes you think about the *ramifications*. I'm not only questioning the reality of the game, I'm beginning to wonder about our reality as well. Amazing."
76561198005523589,Recommended,257510,16948388,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,moomphas,This is hands down the best puzzle game on Steam.
,Recommended,257510,16951873,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Bilamy,Very good game .. I don't think I'll forget this game easly!
,Recommended,257510,15159960,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Yelocap,"Best game of 2014. No groundbreaking mechanics like Portal, but still exceeds it in every way."
,Recommended,257510,17400119,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,sayko,"The Talos Principle is a first person puzzle game that does an excellent job combining an immersive story and puzzle solving. I can confidently say it would be an epic (if not legendary) item in a MMO.Main puzzles are closed areas with everything required to solve it is inside. There are also stars. Getting stars requires combinations of advanced puzzle solving and exploration. Stars are wild cards in my opinion in this game. Some people will love them and others will hate them. I am in haters group because I don't mind trying to solve a puzzle for hours, but spending hours trying just to find where a star is not for me. Note that, as I said before this is not necessarily a bad thing.The game tells its story via consoles placed puzzle areas. Some consoles are in main areas, others hidden and requires some exploration. You can totally ignore them but doing so is definitely not recommended. Without the story, it becomes a classic solve-this-to-advance type puzzle game. As a result, game is best suited for people who like to read everything and check every corner.Difficulty of the puzzles is just enough. They are easy enough not to make you rage quit, but hard enough to feel satisfied. At this point I need to point something. Some of the puzzles have extra things. It may be a gadget, a door or a laser receiver. They might be there to provide multiple solutions or I might have solved them differently. But in case they are there just to mess with your mind, I am saying that, keep your mind clear and don't focus on the goal door.The game also has lovely scenery in almost every main puzzle area. I personally took some screenshots. It is nice to stop once in a while and relax. It also feels nice after a challenging puzzle.Pros:+ Good graphics:Environment has high texture quality, objects are detailed+ Fluent gameplay:Usable objects snaps without a problem, there are no small unnecessary things that would get in the way.+ Good puzzles:Most puzzles provide just enough challenge.+ Immersive backstory:If you play as intended, you feel how people felt and can empathize.+ Good Length:There are about 130 puzzles and lots of reading.+ Rare trait:Few puzzle games actually have a story that makes solving the puzzles mean something.+ Workshop supportCons:+ Low replayability:This is a puzzle game so it is normal. Only reasons to replay are having the ""Serious DLC"" or getting the achievements. (Some people can challenge themselves to find ""off the book"" solutions for the puzzles, but I don't consider it a factor)+ Too much running:Some puzzles are big, and makes you to run from one end to another end several times. You solve the puzzle in 30 seconds but spend 5 minutes to finish it.Verdict:The Talos Principle gets a definite recommendation. It is best suited for people who like to read everything and check every corner in addition to solving puzzles.P.S: As a rule, I don't comment on price tag. Everyone has a different opinion on whether it is worth the price tag or not. So it is up to you to decide.Edit: Fixed some typos and formatting"
,Recommended,257510,17697179,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Darturias,"This is one of the most brilliant games I've had the honor of enjoy in many years. The concept of being tested through puzzle resolution to go across the scenarios resembles the mechanics of Portal and the way you discover the story and the background indirectly through messages written on walls, pieces of files stored in the digital library and the side of the truth that each character choose to tell you is as great as it was in Dark Souls. That feeling of slowly being conscious by yourself about what's going on without anyone taking your hand in the process is amazing.And all of this while the game makes you question your whole existance, the purpose of your life and its meaning."
,Recommended,257510,15156095,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Zgokee,"Wonderful game that just overall is really amazing. There are two types of puzzles you have to solve for. You must go into puzzle chambers where the goal is to reach a Sigil, which are basic puzzle(tetris shaped) pieces you use to open doors later on. There are gold stars hidden in each level that are sometimes extremely difficult to get and will have you going insane trying to figure out how to grab them. Half the time spent playing this game is spent thinking.The story line itself was pretty nice imo. Throughout the game, you are left with journals in a database and hidden voice recordings that portray the story itself. I guess if you hate reading and listening, then you won't really understand the story as you go along.The game is similar to portal in a sense, but different in it's own way. I found both games to be just as good other than the fact that Portal has a co-op campaign.I would highly recommend this game if you are into puzzle games that are ACTUALLY challenging. If you suck at thinking way outside of the box, you will probably end up giving up a lot of the time and hate the game. Incredible overall."
,Recommended,257510,15456255,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Bushido'n'Bourbon,"A brief explanation about the game: Portal meets Asimov. A puzzle game with philosophy in each corner.Pros? Scenarios, big number of puzzles, attractive plot, tons of easter eggs... Theres a big world full of details to be explored, and much to think about.Cons? Better in small doses, could become dense eventually if played long enough. Has a good but repetitive OST.Bought for puzzles, stayed for the ethics and the plot. You should buy it."
,Recommended,257510,16657843,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,[Ci] Azarmorph,"So far I am losing a lot of time in the game which to me speaks volumes. This refreshing Genre is captivating with its depth. You will spend plenty of time reading the sub plot from the monitors within the game. Time will be spent wandering the sets of the challenges and surrounding areas to find those stars which open up the special level (something that reminds me of Mario games). Time will be spent working out the solutions across the individual challenges, to secure further advancement and understanding that to solve the individual problem is to only scratch the surface.The comparison to Portal cannot be overlooked. That said however Talos has enough differences within it to make it feel different. It is in the same genre as Portal however with a deep physiological theme on what is real and what is not, what is person?I look forward to advancing further into the realms of what is reality and what is ME??"
,Recommended,257510,17523540,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,luthier1729,"I can't recommend The Talos Principle enough.Brilliant puzzles, an absolutely superb story, top-notch writing, beautiful environments, fantastic soundtrack, LOTS of content...If you liked Portal or The Stanley Parable, buy The Talos Principle.If you like puzzle games, buy The Talos Principle.If you like deep, well-written stories, buy The Talos Principle.If you are only going to buy one game this year, buy The Talos Principle.(And, in case the message somehow didn't get through: just buy The Talos Principle. You will not regret it)."
,Recommended,257510,16875196,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,box,"motion sickness simulator8/10, no cats"
,Recommended,257510,30078452,Posted: 21 February,all,Iron Maiden,"The amount of detail this game has is simply astonishing. It has all the little secrets that are trademark of Croteam and i simply enjoyed the great philosophy rollercoaster (AI similarity to humans, free will, gods, good and bad) this game led me through. The music is very relaxing and appropriate. If you like to relax and get a good story, as well as dosome interesting puzzles definitely pick up this game. It is among some of the best games i played to date. My words can't do justice to it, I can only hope they make more like this.11/10 game"
76561198031441058,Recommended,257510,31090393,Posted: 11 April,all,spencer,"As good as portal, but replace most of it's witty and comedic tone with existential musings. I really love this game."
,Recommended,257510,31390630,Posted: 27 April,all,The Swedish Mafia,"This game should be the future of games. Both puzzling and introspective, it drags you into a different world, rich with philosophy, questions about life and death. What does it truly mean to be a person? To be alive and conscious?It has obvious elements of other high spec 3D puzzle games and it wouldn't surprise me if it took inspiration from the Portal series.I can't describe the game experience with words, it's something that everyone needs to experience at least once in their lives. My opinion on this game is overwhelmingly positive. Drop COD and TF2 for a sec guys. This one is worth a shot!"
,Recommended,257510,15943848,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,TimurKiyivinski,"""Learning to be human by learning what is it to be robot."" - What this game it.If you fancy philosophy, puzzles and beauty, this game does it for you. I've never played a better game."
,Recommended,257510,17697478,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,starshipwaters,"Highly recommended.Kind of hard to sum this one up without giving too much away, at least with regards to the plot (which is heavily philosophical and unlike anything I've dealt with in a game so far), but you have choices to make that will influence how the game unfolds and ends for you.Gameplaywise, this is a puzzle game, and you will be solving a variety of puzzles with a growing number of tools to collect tetriminos, which allow you to unlock more puzzles. The puzzle design is seriously top notch. I have never felt more proud of myself in a puzzle game than I was after solving some of these puzzles. Just when you start to get comfortable with certain techniques, the puzzles use that casual reliance against you and require you to think differently. There are over 100 puzzles in the game, with optional stars to collect for an exceptional challenge (it hurt my brain too much to collect them). Without completionist tendencies, the game should provide you with roughly 15 hours of puzzling ecstacy.All in all, this game is a super unique experience that has continued to preoccupy my thoughts since I completed it.It has a demo even. In 2015. Check it out."
76561198003454117,Recommended,257510,13500889,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,xenosis08,"This game is a marvel. It gets you through well-designed puzzles and makes you ponder your own self-worth in this world. It becames a heavy game regarding philosophy and is of a kind that changes your life completely at some point. I like the story as well. Try to read all the info and think about them. This will enhance your intellectual character. Of course everyone considers the questions and asks these questions to themselves, in that, there is nothing new but this game puts it in the most beautiful way and offers you different viewpoints even though you think on these points before. For sure, you have to put some effort in this game but you can be sure that it will be worth the effort. In short, if you love philosophy you will fall in love with it, if you do not, it will change your life and you again end up loving its story and puzzles both of which were designed wisely."
76561198107091445,Recommended,257510,23847459,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mike Pence,"If you like portal and feeling smart, this is the game for you. 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,17717267,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Bad Newz,A great workout for the brain.
,Recommended,257510,17989149,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Shadowfury,Portal 2 was the best PC puzzle game until the day The Talos Principle came out.
76561198058259993,Recommended,257510,13753303,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dirt-Claude Van Damme,"I think no one expected a game like this from Croteam, but here it is. A philosophical puzzle game from the human beings responsible for the Serious Sam franchise. This game essentially learns from all the mistakes great puzzle and story driven games make, and churns out an extremely unforgettable gameplay and story experience as a result. As a story driven game I was wary of two common mistakes, sacrificing gameplay for a story you watch instead of take part in, and not fleshing out its gameplay elements completely (something even Portal 2, a great game is guilty of). Fortunately The Talos Principle avoids both sins.Be advised however, The Talos Principle has puzzles that you could spend 40 minutes trying to solve, worse case scenario they can last even an hour, they range pretty wildly in difficulty, but tend to be harder towards the end (as it should be), and you can only gain the maximum of around 4 hints (not freebies, hints) through the entire game, unless you're a baby and look up guides. Although any persistent person with a brain should be able to finish this game. For those of you not wanting what the story offers, (philosophical ponderings on human existence and what not) do not be afraid, the story is entirely avoidable here, you don't even have to skip cutscenes, because the story is told mostly through the environment, or datalogs and audiologs you can avoid if you care not to hear them and just want puzzle gameplay. Either way, The Talos Principle offers top notch puzzle gameplay.The Serious Engine is on full display here, and it is as impressive as ever. If you've played Serious Sam 3 however, expect to see some familar assets. Asset reusage asside, The Talos Principle is a damn gorgeous game. Luckily for toaster users out there, the settings can be turned down to even PS2 graphics levels, so most everyone should be able to run it.Overall, The Talos Principle is one of the better, and more overlooked titles of 2014, and maybe the current decade. I can definitely say it is worth your money, and even the asking price with its lengthy runtime. Avoid looking into this game too mush, the less you know about it going in the better, the story is a hot topic so spoilers are everywhere. I cant recommend this game more enthusiastcally, it's worth your time."
76561198095963544,Recommended,257510,33348736,Posted: 7 July,all,I_am_Jens,"This game is absolutely stunning. It features clever and intricate puzzles using a variety of mechanics, of varying difficulties, but only few were so difficult that I couldn't manage to find a solution on my own.Despite each puzzle being located in a contained environment, the game is surprisingly open-world like: almost every puzzle has one or more ways to solve it without using the intended solution, through clever explorartion of the level hubs.To keep things fresh in between these puzzles, this game features some of the best writing I've seen in any game. Documents found and interactions with the other main characters will make you question reality, consciousness, and morality; among others. This game had me staring silently at the screen on multiple occasions.My only gripe about the game are the tetris puzzles - they can be annoying to solve, and in my opinion add nothing to the storyline or gameplay.Overall this game is among the best I've played. and I would recommend it to anyone - especially if they're into philosophy."
76561198018532806,Recommended,257510,27618804,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Trnkem,What a mind f..k
,Recommended,257510,19976768,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Drakey Fenix,"This game... let's put, simply amazing! You gotta try this if you love puzzles and philosophy/science. It's a game of thinking hard and gaining information as a reward. Note this game can make you feel really lonely if you play it for too long without a break. And you will start to want closure by the only people you can interact to in this game which is the computer or the voice in the sky. It can even make you feel lonely in real life and question why we exist."
,Recommended,257510,20229821,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,genoforprez,"An excellent game in every respect. Looks incredibly gorgeous and is well-optimized (runs like a dream for how great it looks).Basically, Talos Principle is a first-person puzzle chamber game in the tradition of Portal. There have been a lot of puzzle chamber games since Portal, but it has been incredibly frustrating how many of those games just want to copycat portal. The Talos Principle is the breath of fresh air you've been waiting for in the genre, though, since it is a first person puzzle chamber game with completely original puzzle mechanics and a completely original concept. The only real overlaps with Portal is that it's sci-fi, there are robots, and sometimes you have to put a cube on a button.The vast majority of the puzzles in TTP are laser-connecting puzzles, where you have to move/place connector nodes to guide different color lasers from an origin point, around corners, through windows, etc, to a receptor. You can also split lasers into multiple beams at each connector node. There are certain restrictions, such as being limited to one color laser passing through a connector at a time and---most importantly---laser beams cannot ever cross, regardless of color, as they will disrupt each other. This is where the game being in three dimensions comes into play, since you can place the connectors at different elevations to prevent your lasers from crossing or to connect a laser beam over a wall.You will of course have all sorts of other toys to play with, such as jammers (placable objects that can jam a single electronic device in play), fans (blow things around), duplicators (create a clone of yourself to help yourself co-op a solution), and many more.The individual puzzle chambers in TTP are very satisfying in and of themselves, but true hardcore puzzle enthusiasts will be even more gratified in hunting down the game's secret stars. These are ""secret"" objectives in the game that often require you to think far outside the box. These puzzles encourage you to experiment with the mechanics in the game in a way that ""games the system"", so to speak, such as finding a way to get on top of a wall you were not ""supposed"" to get on top of, or finding a way to direct a laser beam from puzzle chamber #1 over a wall, through the hub, and into puzzle chamber #3 where it was never ""supposed"" to go, etc. The stars require a lot of patience, a keen eye for detail, and some thinking outside the box.That being said, I was rather unsatisfied with two (and only two) of the star puzzles. There is at least one star puzzle that you will not be able to solve unless you have a phone that can read QR codes. I really dislike when games do this (it was a terrible idea in FEZ as well, but FEZ at least provided an alternate route, whereas TTP does not), and I could write an essay on the reasons it's an awful idea, but I'll spare you the bloviating here. The other star was the Sphinx riddle, which I didn't like because A) It takes vagueness to a whole new level, and B) The solution takes some special exceptions to the game rules the player has otherwise learned. Both of the aforementioned stars also cannot even be SEEN by the player, as they are hidden behind secret doors, so you can waste loads of time just running around pointlessly trying to figure out where they even ARE. (And not finding them, of course). Every other star in the game, however, is very visible to an observant explorer, and can be obtained with clever use of the normal game rules you have learned.Another thing games in this genre often try to copycat is GlaDOS. Thankfully, TTP doesn't copycat here either. Instead you have Elohim, who is this really arrogant and sanctimonious dckhead that talks about how brilliant he is all the time. I turned down the voice volume to zero just because I couldn't stand him talking all the time. HOWEVER. The writing in the game is actually pretty good. You can interact with the story by reading the texts available at the computer terminals (some of which are in obvious places, some of which are hidden away in remote places). Some of the terminals also involve chats where you are asked questions. The whole point of the underlying story and these texts is that you are physically a robot but are trying to determine who you are, why you exist, why you are here. More importantly, you are trying do determine whether or not you are human, what it means to be human, why it even matters whether or not you're human, what the point of being human would be, and so on.These ""chats"" you have are basically Socratic dialogues in the most literal sense. It is exactly the sort of annoying thing people used to hate Socrates for---i.e. asking you one question after another in a deliberate attempt to show you that you don't know what you're talking about. Your computerized interlocutor will present you with a philosophical question like one of those described above and then give you some multiple choice answers. This can be frustrating because it's just not good philosophy to limit the possible answers from your interlocutor this way. This is a method of ""poisoning the well"" as they say. BUT, while I found this frustrating at first, it turns out that the game is aware of this, is doing it intentionally, and it is somewhat plot related. There are also options available to dodge these poisoned wells and other argumentative traps for players more well-versed in philosophy and/or argument.All in all, TTP is an extremely satisfying game that I find it very hard to say anything negative about. I give it the highest possible recommendation. Using my own scale below, I give TTP a hearty seven.7) A classic, essential, and/or must-buy game that is worth full price.6) A good game that is worth the full price.5) A pretty good game worth checking out--especially if discounted.4) A fairly good game, but I'd recommend buying it discounted.3) Not great, but a few redeeming qualities. Only buy if heavily discounted.2) Only worth checking out if you are dangerously curious.1) Avoid at all costs."
,Recommended,257510,25421039,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,loner,"The Talos Principle is a beautiful, calming and well-designed puzzle game that argues with you about the meaning of life. What's also great is that you get to argue back.The Good:GOOD PUZZLE DESIGN.Puzzles revolve around placing objects in the right place and order. The game gradually introduces new types of objects, as well as different ways to combine their uses. As a result, puzzles are clever, diverse, and remain challenging throughout the game.THOUGHT-PROVOKING AND ENGAGING.The game explores the topics of conciousness, life, death, and what they may mean on a small and a large scale. But unlike other similar games that tend to push their ideas via pretentious monologues and confusing metaphors - The Talos Principle presents its ideas through logical arguments and allows the player to question and argue against them.ZEN ATMOSPHERE.Lonely but beautiful environments, accompanied bypleasant ambient soundtrackcombine into a very serene experience.LOTS OF EXTRA CONTENT.Aside from multiple endings there are many bonus challenges, collectables, secrets, and easter-eggs.The Bad:STIFF 3RD PERSON ANIMATIONS.Luckily you won't be seeing much of them as long as you stick with a much more comfortable first-person view.PUZZLE ROOMS LOOK A BIT DULL.Many puzzles are designed on a grid, which sometimes makes environments look a bit samey and artificial.STATIC WORLD.Interesting real-time events are few and far between, and progressing further into the game has almost no impact on the world. Real-time interactions between characters are also uncommon, and usually presented in the form of notes and logs instead.*notes:""Road to Gehenna"" DLC is also very good and improves on the games flaws. Character interactions, while still mostly non-real-time, are more interesting and with a good bit of humor. Puzzles are a bit more visually interesting (although they still take place in the same environments as the main game) and even more challenging."
,Recommended,257510,33897287,Posted: 29 July,all,The_Fiend,"How do you solve a problem that extends beyond your own lifespan?Play this game and find out. Free bonus : Crippling existential crisis, if you didn't already have it. Fantastic game... it started out as a bit vanilla, but the story picks up after a bit and then next thing you're just rushing through puzzles to get to the next time capsule.I can see why so many people draw parallels from portal... a lot of puzzle pieces have similar properties, but both game are VERY different in the way they create their atmosphere and storyline. Portal will be better to people who primarily like playing games over reading books. Talos Principle vice versa."
,Recommended,257510,26507254,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Grubczyk,"Would recommend to everyone with at least 1 brain cell. One of the best puzzle games I have ever played. Great story, great puzzles, a lot of choices to make. Love it. Can't wait for the second one to come out."
76561198022809816,Recommended,257510,25465343,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,dune,"A great experience through and through, with a well thought out backstory."
76561197966136052,Recommended,257510,13565967,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Agrippa,"It is a great game with a great concept. But it gives you massive motion sickness, so be prepared. (Even if you turn of motion blur and other options)"
,Recommended,257510,13455154,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,4x4=12,"This is one of the best puzzle games out there now. A perfect game for people who like to relax in a game, and at the same time - be chalenged by the game.There is no pressure to rush trough it. Slow down, enjoy the atmosphere (which is absolutely amazing), figure the current puzzle out (puzzles get tougher as you progress ), and take a slow walk to the next one.So as a complete puzzle enthusiast I dub this my personal favorite brain teaser game.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,20025007,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Brother Nero,Fantastic
,Recommended,257510,34754634,Posted: 5 September,all,夢,This is actually the best game on Steam.
76561198036772966,Recommended,257510,23740575,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Pragmaticberry,One of the best games I've every played in my life
76561198062359091,Recommended,257510,25872945,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Jak'D,10/10 would have paid full price but I got it on sale!
,Recommended,257510,23760168,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,madwolf,"Positives:What can I say...  Great atmosphere... great music... great voice acting... great immersion...The game makes you feel that you are part of the game rather then mindlessly roaming around.The puzzles are most of the time quite easy and difficulty progression is nice as well.Never felt that it was too easy and then comes an impossible task. Also, you can choose what puzzles to do and in what order. Too Difficult? Go back and take another one while letting it cool down for a bit before you take another shot at it.Played the Road to Gehenna as well and the DLC increases the value by alot.Makes you feel like you've actually accomplished something at the end of the game.Bad thing? After finishing the game.... it leaves you a bit sad and empty... what do with my life now?Answer: The Talos Principle 2 is on its way!!! YaY!!"
,Recommended,257510,23827046,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,vb,"Being a big puzzle game fan I find it very hard to fault this game.The puzzles feel challenging enough to make you feel smart when you solve them, but very rarely frustrating. The difficulty curve feels just right.The plot is emotive, interesting and thought provoking and doesn't feel rammed down your throat. Similar to games like Dark Souls, it's up to you to explore and put together the pieces although it's, thankfully, less obtuse than Dark Souls."
,Recommended,257510,25869794,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,born.in.62,One of the BEST puzzle games I've played.
,Recommended,257510,25401166,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,fitzel,Perfection. The sci-fi story sucked me in instantly and the music is really well made and fitting.
,Recommended,257510,25880607,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,rocode,"I hate puzzle games. The Talos Principle is not only the first puzzle game I have completed, it is also the best damn game I have played all year. If you want a serious contender for ""video game as art"", look no further."
,Recommended,257510,17511228,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Zangrief,"truely a masterpiece of its own. this game combines a portal-like gameplay to a new level.you have to solve riddles in various landscapes, using light, objects, platforms, time orforces to make it through the level. beside that you have to face questions about whatmakes you human and slowly out are running out of answers when the computer is askingyou specific questions.beside that the game has a very relaxing soundtrack, quite meditative, makes you feelcomfortable while playing.this is one of those games you will probably remember having a good time,even if some puzzles drive you insane, especially those where you have towork with different levels to get a specific item."
76561198028094881,Recommended,257510,25245077,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,rnickel,Near perfect. Imaginative and thought provoking. Loved all three of the endings. Just buy it.
,Recommended,257510,17266242,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,raiN,Truly a masterpiece. I wish more games were as well designed as The Talos Principle. I often found myself humming to the beautiful soundtracks the game presents and took screenshots of countless spectacles. 11/10!This is still one of the best games I have played.
,Recommended,257510,17458341,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,RygarRyan,Very fun and challenging puzzles with some nice clean graphics and controls.  I played it for hours and actually feel smarter knowing I got through it! ha
76561198055090006,Recommended,257510,19302017,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,SD-DOGWOOD,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198040721002,Recommended,257510,23739109,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,FuriousHeha,"So much fun. Aim lasers, use geometry, solve puzzles, chat with a sassy philosophical computer, question what it means to exist. REALLY hope there is a sequel to this. SO GOOD."
,Recommended,257510,34429818,Posted: 22 August,all,🇰𐐎🇮Ꮑ,it's gud n' stuff
,Recommended,257510,21643758,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,AzoreanEve,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=638491870
76561198169168307,Recommended,257510,14613580,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,I'minspace.,"I adore this game, and have recommended it to more people than any game I can recently recall having played. (And I played through repeatedly). The puzzles are engaging, relatively intuitive, all that good stuff; you stay for the existential philosophy. Never before have I wanted an IBM-esque computer terminal to reaffirm that I am a person. Graphic beauty aside (and it is there aplenty), this game is mind-blowing.Seriously. Go for it.Frogs are people too ;)"
76561198041749880,Recommended,257510,14597200,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,IllegalZe🅱️ra,"First about the game. there is three different worlds that you have to get ""sigills"" from. you get them by doing the trials. they are really just puzzle peaces and to get throug the game you have to lay these puzzles to come to the new worlds. you start at world A and you have to find sigills to unlock first B then C. In the beginning it feels like a straight up puzzle game put later you understand that you are there to fill a purpose.The trials are in some cases way to easy and im not in any way smart but then there is the stars and eastereggs. i have found two eastereggs wich both were well hidden and i had to think way outside tho box to find them. that is what makes this game interesting, there is all of these normal puzzles but there is also the eastereggs and stars where you have to think outside the box and it feels like you have to trick the game to do this wich gives you an even stronger feeling of acomplishment. the stars are just like sigills except that you get access to another place when you find themI think this games easely deserves the awards. I played all of the main story over a weekend, it took me 21 hours. but i have not yet found all of the stars and eastereggs wich will probably take me another couple of hours. the level design is ok if you think about the puzzles themselves but the nature is wonderful. there is gardens and trees and beutiful oceans. i think its worth the extra hour i spent on just wandering around looking at the nature. its without any debate one of the best games of 2014.9/10 the puzzles where a little easy and annoying."
,Recommended,257510,28635447,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,GoodWorker,you'll like this if you like portal series
76561197960704707,Recommended,257510,29940139,Posted: 15 February,all,Ibslice,"There are only 2 puzzle games required in todays world. Portal (1 & 2) and The Talos Principle. I don't have anything much to say because I really cannot fault this game. Everything is beautiful, flawless, easy, hard, relaxing &  frustrating. A pleasure to play."
76561197980759339,Recommended,257510,35353268,Posted: 30 September,all,*Downs*,The talos principle is a very good game to play ..if you are looking for something different... and you like puzzlesits worth having a look ..i give it 10/10 easy
,Recommended,257510,13332854,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Gnome KD,"Brilliantly written and actually huge puzzle game, that makes you question everything."
76561198106241474,Recommended,257510,13358915,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Raufnk,"Complex puzzles, interesting storyline, beautiful graphics, but most important... IT'S MADE BY CROTEAM!!!"
,Recommended,257510,16691666,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,"Juicy, Thinly-Sliced Brisket","The story is more a collection of ponderings on the nature of existence, the validity of consciousness and intelligence, and what it truly means to be a ""person"", and this is all absorbed while solving a collection of increasingly difficult environmental puzzles. Couple this with gorgeously different hub-and-spoke based exploration, tons of easter eggs and secrets to discover, and one of the most beautiful musical scores out there, and The Talos Principle is a huge win.For fans of Portal who are tired of waiting for The Witness to come out, and enjoyed Rustin Cohle's monologues in True Detective."
76561197987463930,Recommended,257510,13497763,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Nebulous,"Intriguing philosophy, mind-boggling puzzles, immersive gameplay, inspiring scenery and a great story is what awaits anyone willing to give this game a shot.  I must say that I got more than I expected from this game, and the experience left a lasting (positive) impression on me.Overall score for this game is a 9/10. That might seem like a high score, but it was given with the fact that this is an indie game - taken into consideration.Gameplay: 9/10Aesthetics (Visuals & Sound): 9/10Story: 8/10In short, I would like to recommend this game to anyone who would like to put their cognitive capabilities to the test. Or just have self-destructive philosophical conversations with a mad AI program that represents Satan."
,Recommended,257510,23126935,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,FoxClass,Probably the only game on steam that will make you sit back and listen to the excellent soundtrack while you ponder existentialism because a computer terminal sassed you.
,Recommended,257510,31163453,Posted: 15 April,all,NINJA,You cannot call yourself a gamer unless you have played The Talos Principle...
76561198260690588,Recommended,257510,31022576,Posted: 8 April,all,󠀡RadicalꝐsychosis,I've been waiting for such video game all my life. Thank you devs.
,Recommended,257510,13951891,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Cesar The Salad,"I can safely say (in January) that this is one of the best indie games this year, if not the best.Why? Well...This is one of the most gorgeous-looking games I've ever played. But that's not the best part.The puzzles are a LOT of fun and increasingly more challenging, and it's a joy when you discover the solutions. But that is still not the best part.The best part is the enormously intriguing mystery of WHY you're solving puzzles, and WHY the world looks like it does, and who you really are in this mysterious world. You can certainly enjoy the game as a simple game of puzzles, without reading everything the game shows you or search for all the secrets lying hidden in the multiple worlds...... but if you do invest in all of these, you'll realize that this game's greatest puzzle to solve is its wonderful and thought-provoking story.And you can only say this kind of thing for just a few games that come out any given year. That's why I can safely say Talos Principle is one of the best games of 2015."
,Recommended,257510,23246289,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Orange Soda,A+ puzzle game with a great story
,Recommended,257510,21113184,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Silver Mountain,Accidentally managed to convince a computer terminal that consciousness isn't real.10/10
,Recommended,257510,17166324,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,wourme,"A very good puzzle game that is similar in some ways to Portal. I wasn't sure how much I'd enjoy the particular types of puzzles in the game, but I never found myself bored or frustrated. Additionally, the philosophical elements are fun and there are surprises if you explore."
76561197960517500,Recommended,257510,13986411,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Pruttis,A little bit like portal with a fantastic and relaxing soundtrack!
76561198047289935,Recommended,257510,16468607,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,shadow,Oh look.It's on sale.BUY IT NOW.
,Recommended,257510,16463823,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kackwurst,Existential Crisis: The Game
,Recommended,257510,14031623,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Merty,"I think, therefore I am. I think."
,Recommended,257510,13458828,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SpyroGuy,"So few are the games which are not only entertaining, challenging, interesting, but beautiful and wise as well.I never doubted Croteam's capabilities, because they've created great games so far, mostly shooting stuff of course.Still, I wasn't expecting my mind to get blown onto planetar orbit and this phrasing meant to be the unpretentious one.This game is pure beauty in a deep and reasoned presentation.Kudos to the people of Croteam for pursuing their own ideas instead of delivering the next Serious Sam title because this game is the ultimate proof of what can be accomplished with true ambitions."
,Recommended,257510,28431412,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,FANTAK,Portal: Mature version
76561198044334429,Recommended,257510,23089302,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,aquamantor,"I was always somewhat interested in this game, but held off because of the price, and eventually didn't get it unitl it was on sale. Make no mistake though, this is a 40 dollar game.In a genre populated by small indie games, The Talos Principle is by-comparison massive, with three big worlds, extra ""star"" challenges, an interesting story with dialogue options and a surprising number of endings, environments that are almost shockingly huge, a really interesting hint system, and more hidden stuff than I ever found in 27 hours of playing. It's not an open-world sidequest stuffed rpg, but for its genre it has a lot. Combine this with a really interesting progression system. (Beating levels gives you puzzle pieces, you then solve the puzzles to unlock new areas and powers. You can get these pieces in any order, however.)And it all maintains a level of quality. This game is at least the equal of Portal, if not better than it, and anyone who enjoyed the Portal series should definitely check it out.Only two negatives I'll mention:1: The puzzle-piece block puzzles. I solved the easy ones in 10-20 seconds. I solved the hard ones by twiddling my thumbs for 10-20 minutes and putting the blocks together until they just happened to be in the right places. In neither case did I ever get an ""Aha!"" moment, like I got in the game's best environmental puzzles. While it's interesting as a progression system, I feel that the puzzles would involve more rational thought if they had pictures or if you didn't just have to fill a square or rectangular prism every time. That way the player has something to go off of. And it becomes 2+2=? Instead of ?+?=4.2: The final tower level. All I'll say is that most developers use checkpoints for a reason. If you think that being bothered by repeating the same gameplay over and over is for filthy casuals, this probably won't be an issue for you."
,Recommended,257510,23116430,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,bendparker,"A great game which makes you think.  Decent puzzles, and a great checkpoint/save system.  The real depth comes with the story--making you really think about humanity and where we all come from.  A game hasn't done this since the first and second Assassin's Creed.  It does a great job of letting you figure out the story as you go instead of spoon feeding it to you.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,16667019,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Binary,"Absolutely fantastic. A great puzzler, and an even better theme. Lots of information everywhere, if you take time to read it, it's some great stuff.The tetris-esque puzzles are a bit annoying, but doable and not very frequent."
,Recommended,257510,31261188,Posted: 20 April,all,Paul Atreides,"Remember ""The Matrix"" or ""Interstellar""? Absolute masterpieces, and milestones for the movie industry. This is what ""The Talos Principle"" means for the gaming world.Croteam created the game of all video games!"
76561198009426780,Recommended,257510,25414621,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Pachycephlosauras,This game makes me question my reality.
,Recommended,257510,13917615,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Mark,Starts off as an awesome puzzle game and ends with your head in your hands wondering how you've spent 20 hours sat in front of the computer without moving. Also has a story that will have you asking a lot of questions about humanity and how we all fit into the bigger picture. 10/10 wish I could delete my memory of this game and play again. EXCELLENT.
,Recommended,257510,13740642,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,super thid,This might be my first steam review. Anyway this game is worth it. Go buy it.
,Recommended,257510,22860010,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,LVBOY,"Normally you don't expect a puzzle game from company which made serious sam, but this company really nailed it. I presonally prefer this over portal."
,Recommended,257510,13835988,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,PestilenZ,"Talos ia one of the most immersive puzzle games out there, perhaps due to the environmental qualities. When not busy trying to get a new sigil, I find myself enjoying a stroll around the ruins taken over by nature and sometimes stumbling upon records left by others before me. The game essentially leaves details for you to find to answer a question of what makes us human."
76561198056024676,Recommended,257510,13961536,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,virhilo,Portal 3.0;)
,Recommended,257510,13664661,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SpaceJesus,Very good game. Now take the money and make Serious Sam 4
76561197970594067,Recommended,257510,13819401,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,12,Go play it.
,Recommended,257510,13333328,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Oretel-Vek,Frogs are people too.
,Not Recommended,257510,22046167,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,NinjaSquirrel,"Well... the puzzles are OK, but the ""story"" is way overrated. Think very hard about the question ""what is consciousness"" for about 10 minutes and you've got all ""philosophical"" content the game has to offer.The individual puzzles are nicely done, but the main challenge seems to find the star locations and solving those extra-difficult puzzles around them. And this is probably the biggest letdown of the game: you have to *search* for most of the stars and find the ""entry point"" to their puzzle - which is not what I want to do. Give me puzzles, I try to solve them. But don't make me run around the whole level to find that little button or switch that opens a door on the other end. That just sucks and feels like a VERY big waste of time.You like puzzles? You will like this game.You hate ""exploration""? You might want to peek at some walkthroughs while playing the game because many, many star locations are COMPLETELY hidden and unnoticeable.You like a good story? Forget it.Overall verdict: overrated, but still worth ten bucks for the puzzles in it.PS: the beautiful landscapes and levels are mainly recycled building blocks from Serious Sam BFE, so no extra credit for that, Croteam! :P"
76561197969251333,Recommended,257510,13370118,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Ayciel,I keep explecting to hear GlaDOS's voice every after each puzzle insulting me.
,Recommended,257510,14603568,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Murk,10/10.Except for the random reflector in the tree.Review update: Appearently they moved the random reflector to be on a much more visible pole. GG/10
,Not Recommended,257510,18573674,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,RbdJellyfish,"I really tried to like this game, but after 12 hours put into it I can't really say I enjoy it. Most of the puzzles are really easy, and a vast majority of the hard ones are only hard because they are tedious to complete. Only about 3 or 4 puzzles in the entire game so far struck me as creative, and the rest were just filler to pad out the game. The whole game just felt repetitive.The story also felt tacked on. Even though the entire philosophy of the game is heavily related to the gameplay, it still felt disconnected somehow. Maybe it's that the writing was really good but the level design was less than stellar. It felt a lot like they were trying to choose a deep, thoughtful subject, but just threw it in there to make it seem like they were deep and thoughtful.Clearly lots of people like this game, so take this review with a grain of salt, but those are my thoughts.Edit: Just changing the review slightly since I just finished the game, but I still stand by my opinion."
,Recommended,257510,14116744,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,level 61,Highly recommended.Interesting storyline and ideas.Definitely worth the full non sale price.Most bad review writers have barely even got into the game and haven't fully seen what it has to offer.Great Graphics.Actually makes you think.Enjoyed it more than portal 2.Gives you choices to do what you want to do.Starts of super easy then gets progressively  harder.
76561198025306252,Recommended,257510,19856275,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ladman,Breathtaking.
,Recommended,257510,13851176,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Pope Friction,Beautifully perfect.
76561198045827022,Recommended,257510,13595399,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dad,"I could not reccomend this game enough. Allusions to other games, thorough and generally easy to follow story, great content, and no bugs as far as I can tell. This is of the same caliber (if not higher) than the Portal games. Reccomend it 100 times over, 10/10."
76561198162066259,Recommended,257510,13344926,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,OzGhost,"This game is just AMAZING!!!!!! After an short amount of time playing it (whilst drinking a 10 pack of JD) here is my top 3 facts of this game.3. Gameplay: The game is basically a free roam puzzler, to be mentioned in the same sentance as portal 2. If you like games that destroy others, go elsewhere. If you don't mind dying in the name of progress, this game ROCKS!2. Problem solving: Challenging puzzles but not unsolvable. Just enough to make you think. The game doesn't give you many tips which gives you a sense of accomplishment when you work it out. (although the tip to press shift to run was helpful, thx. Felt a bit stupid for not trying that anyway)1: Laptop playability: Before loading the game it warned me that my computer wasn't good enough and I thought ""Here we go, another game I can't play"". But after setting everything to lowest, the game ran perfectly smooth and still looks as good as anything else I can play on this hunk of junk laptop. I don't know how they do it but I get less framerate issues with this game then minecraft which is an achievment.10/10 - But I love this genre. If you don't like to use your brain and think, then avoid this game. Having to resort to online guides would definately ruin the whole thing"
76561197996305601,Recommended,257510,23556009,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Philip,"Beautiful puzzle game with a great setting and story.Puzzles can get a bit finicky at times, especially with stars.Many of the assets are reused over several stages, making them a bit samey towards the end of each world (Roman city ruins / Egyptian temple ruins / Medieval European castle ruins).Takes 15-30 hours to finish, or 25-40 to 100% complete.The puzzles of the expansion, Road to Gehenna, are IMO more difficult but less frustrating, at the cost of story quality."
,Recommended,257510,24218121,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,hang me w/ a nerd rope,Incredibly Immersive puzzle game with lots of mechanics and a deeper underlying message and vauge and mysterious plot.IMO a 8/10 game.
,Recommended,257510,13505681,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Hackalyze,"I've never before felt the need to write a review for a game, but after completing this game today I felt I needed to do my part to ensure that this game is played by as many people as possible.  They created the perfect mixture of mind-bending puzzles and thought-provoking storyline that kept me completely hooked until the end.  The philosophical questions posed by this game have never been more relevant than they are today, and only will become more-so in the future."
,Recommended,257510,24111201,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Drogen24,Good
,Recommended,257510,23908597,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,CyberJacob,"An amazing puzzle game, well worth the money!"
,Recommended,257510,13533362,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,De Lift,What is consciousness? When does one qualify as a person? When is something “alive”? Is there a meaning to life? Should there be a meaning to life? How am I supposed to get that star?9/10
76561198030487165,Recommended,257510,13427034,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Toperz,"One hour with the test version have turned me into take_my_money! kiddo. It was love from the first sight, I'm telling you. The puzzles are great, feeling of the game is leaving you irrationally with many thoughts about the real life, music is so well composed that it is part of the world from the first moments...But... with this game location, this is where I have a problem with. I have tried play in Polish (my native tongue) - of course just subtitles, I wont take the narrator's voice for any other one - and it appears that for some phrases a mere translator(translator.google.com?)has been used. WHen you want to withdraw from reading txt files and action says you ""CLOSE"" it appears as [lang=pl] blisko [/lang]. Well... CLOSE cam have different meaning right? First one (the obvious) is to exit certian window. The second one is to be near something or someone. And this meaning has been used. It took me a while before I get what has happened. Automatic translator. Oh really? Moreover some of the tags on the walls are translated in the very same way, with no sense and no editor that checked if this is understandable as is. Want it more? Data you find can be easily accessed by clicking TAB button. In the translated version also name of the button is shown as ""ZAKŁADKA"" which is an absurd. Surely there is more but I wasn't strong enough to check it. Now I'm back and english is a relief to my senses, since for a moment I have started questioning them.I wonder if only PL version is this poorly located or maybe there is a pattern in all other languages. Nevertheless the game is god as hell, and I'm still in love with it, but my enthusiasm was a bit chilled by those intended (?) or not bugs. So you wanna play it? Go ahead! But only in English. At least for now."
76561198162918142,Recommended,257510,19126182,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,xaxazak,"Unique and interesting 3D puzzle game.Better than Portal, IMHO.9/10."
,Recommended,257510,20004273,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,RoboitoAM,"Be warned: it may look like Portal, but it isn't Portal. The game takes a philosophical approach versus the dark humor presented in Portal and raises the question: what is a human? The puzzles are clever and varied. Be prepared for a few head scratchers, like any good puzzle game.There are no cats."
,Recommended,257510,23843932,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fluro,I played 90% of the game and it broke saying that there was a display error. It might not happen to you but before that this game was my favorite!
,Recommended,257510,23844894,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,JakeOmega,"Beautiful, with great puzzles and an interesting, philosophical storyline delivered through written and audio recordings and text conversations. The best puzzle game since (and, for me, on par with) Portal 2."
,Recommended,257510,23846393,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Manifest Destiny,"I haven't gotten very far in the game. But it gives you a feeling of isolation. A certain ennui that's... emotionally taxing. I love this game, but I also hate it. It's reflective. Interesting. Terrifying. I think everyone should play it."
76561198026781135,Recommended,257510,23846775,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Silent Radiance,"If you like puzzle games, you will love this game. If you like philosophy, you will love this game. This game has taught me many things and it is a fascinating experience in its own right. The puzzles are fun to solve and the game constantly reveals new additions to the gameplay which change things up. To get the gold stars for each level you need to think outside the box.I recommend going into this knowing as little as possible. It's truly unique and definitely worth a buy in my books."
76561198033520548,Recommended,257510,23937371,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Delfosia,"MajesticWill you discoverwhereyou are,whoyou are,whatyou are... and evenwhyyou are ?"
,Recommended,257510,23842658,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,abacaba,"Disturbing story - in a good sense.""In the beginning were the words and the words made the world. I am the words."""
,Recommended,257510,23856559,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,The_Assimilator,"There are many puzzle games that will challenge you.There are fewer puzzle games that will challenge you and wow you with their presentation.There are very few puzzle games that will challenge you, wow you with their presentation, and draw you into their story while seamlessly melding all these aspects to create a whole that is far more than the sum of its parts.The Talos Principle is one of those rare, great games that you do not play, but experience. I recommend it unreservedly."
76561198164124490,Recommended,257510,13686839,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Imanoldgamer,"I purchased this game because I was intrigued by the graphics and the type of game play.  When I played the demo version of this game, there was nothing that shot back at you besides some floating balls.  In the game there are additional obstacles such as an electro floating ball that blocks your beams add machine guns with laser tracking.  The game controls are very easy and the gameplay is unique.  I am enjoyting this game even though it is not what I ususally play.  I highly recommend it!"
76561198024722344,Recommended,257510,23915650,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Woodlandsage,"This is a beautiful game. It's been months since I beat it, but I keep finding myself thinking about it. Wanting to come back to it. This game has a ton of text, but all of it is optional. If AI gets to our level, what does that make us? What does that make it? As you solve the puzzles in your personal eden, you must question why. Who are you, and what is your purpose? What are these cryptic messages written on the walls? Are you in a stimulation? Play this game if you have the time to sit down and bust your balls over some hard questions. I'd say that it surpasses Portal in all but humor. Even the DLC for it was a great story. Please buy this game."
76561198069032728,Recommended,257510,13919153,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,The Back Seat,pur-pose:nounThe reason for which something is done or created or for which something exists.10/10
,Recommended,257510,13808795,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Cyric_the_Mad,"This game is a straight up esoteric trip.If you invest yourself into the storyline, it will invoke your emotions and you will question reality itself.  This is coming from a person who typically doesn't care about storylines at all.It has super high production value, and a lot of very well hidden secrets.Easily one of the finest games ever concieved."
,Recommended,257510,28827644,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SilentSand,"Extremely good puzzle game, story is interesting but runs seperate from the puzzles themselves."
,Recommended,257510,31188659,Posted: 16 April,all,Alphii,"Came for a puzzle game, left doubting my own existence."
,Recommended,257510,33419798,Posted: 9 July,all,Saturday Noot Live,"Very fun and deep game. Makes the player explore new mechanics and puzzles. Pretty good graphics and engaging story. Also has a workshop feature to play user levels. All in all, a very very impressive game. Just needs to keep introducing mechanics. 9/10!"
76561198070682139,Recommended,257510,19890312,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Selorium,"This game is not for me. For someone else? Sure, play it for yourself.But when you half to resort to a walkthrough, and get killed while losingallof your progress- then you know it isn't for you.In other words. this is me:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorI hate-I hate dogs-I hate buildings-I hate trees,but most of all,most of all,-Hate this f♥♥king puzzle"
,Recommended,257510,14707934,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Ellis,Portal is a Kids toy compared to this monster of a puzzle game.only just started but...5 stars. i can see myself spending some time with this
76561198133310028,Recommended,257510,22772310,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,StaleFrogMemes,"10/10 Best Game in a long time. I don't tend to like story games, but this one blew me away with the quality of the story, soundtrack, graphics and easter eggs. Buy this game"
,Recommended,257510,28393543,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Quinjelly,Amazing game
76561198052608166,Recommended,257510,28848399,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Munk,"If you liked the portals games, you will love this game. The puzzles are more challenging and the story in the game is captivating."
76561198153897790,Recommended,257510,29974005,Posted: 16 February,all,Chris,"What a sublime game! I never thought a game would be so philosophical like this. It gave me tons of inspirations, divine knowledge about ancient mythology and mystery. It was a great journey for the recognition, free will and enlightenment of human greatness. Really looking forward to meet a sequel. Until then, I will play this game over and over again."
76561198114704741,Recommended,257510,29871979,Posted: 12 February,all,vladob,One of the best games I ever played
76561197976493324,Recommended,257510,23392264,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Unctious Seaman Pawkins,"Do you like artificial intelligence?  Check.Do you like puzzles?  Not usually but these were fun and not too hard to 'get into.'Do you like storiy driven games?   Yes and  more yes.Too many questions?  Well get used to it.The Talos Principle is going to make you ask them and you're going to have to hit enter even if on some fundamental level the answer is a) and b).  You won't be satisfied and sometimes you'll get upset.   Deal with it.The funny thing is I thought I'd be a sort of rebellious android roaming these mazes, but I ended up following the course laid out.  I guess we all want to taste valhalla or something along those lines even if we know things are not always as they seem.  I guess I thought I was special...Don't let that deter you from ... choosing your own path.I haven't even skimmed the surface either - the extra-curricular stuff I'm not even close to attaining yet and frankly some of it may require a walk-through for the majority of us scrubs searching for meaning.Graphics: A - Lush.Music: B  - What's there is haunting, beautiful, but repetitive.Story: A+ - It's a gem; makes me want to crack a book on mythology.Gameplay B+:  I liked the puzzle mechanics, but you're not going to poop your pants from excitement. ''Note:   This is a story-driven, puzzle oriented game designed to mess with you a smidge.I recommend it to strangers, subway riders, and teenagers working at fish stores.Enjoy."
76561197970520668,Recommended,257510,23183012,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Medereyes,"An original puzzle game that is mostly fair to the user. However there were one too many instances where I accidentily discovered a new action that I didn't realize was possible. Thus the rule set expands, but not because I was taught. I learned by accident.This inconsistent ruleset makes it difficult to recommend this puzzle game. It hides an incomplete set of rules that merely makes some of the puzzles frustrating instead of complex. Overcoming complexity is a good motivator to play a puzzle game, but overcoming frustration is not.It's still entertaining most of the time and tells a wonderful story which makes it well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,257510,20969112,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Capt. Magicsebi,"Fantastic game, great puzzles, solid level design, a ton of easter eggs and a lesson in philosophy and religion. A memorable game, highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,257510,20362007,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,vctr,the best MLA dating sim
76561197968330774,Recommended,257510,23852360,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SuperJoyJoyFuntime,"Loved the puzzles.  Some absolutely amazing design on those.Liked the star puzzles, but some of them were really obscure.Was ""okay"" with the philosophy.  Kinda went round in circles, but then again, that's the nature of philosophy.HATED the Tetris-style gate puzzles.  I suck at them, and they were trial-and-error, and I mostly cheated on them."
,Recommended,257510,29090478,Posted: 7 January,all,BaG_FiGHter,I.. uhm..Don't really know anymore.
76561197961141337,Recommended,257510,25468540,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Shizzledawg,"'tis good, myees."
76561197966482898,Recommended,257510,26057837,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Nuclear Nelson,"I think the most important piece of advice I can give to buyers of this game is: BE PATIENT.  This game is not as action-packed or fast-paced as Portal 2, if that's what you are expecting.  It's quite quaint in comparison.  So please, take your time.  Don't rush to solve the puzzles.  Don't make a decision just to get through the game quicker.  Relax.  Access the computer terminals.  Read the emails.  There is so much richness to this game but you have to be willing to take your time, be thoughtful, and engage it.In The Talos Principle, you awake in an android body in an unknown setting.  An unknown voice bellows to you that he is the creator of this garden.  He tells you that if you are faithful and solve all of the garden's puzzles, you will be rewarded with eternal life.  Within the garden, temptations lie for you.  Your path is yours to choose.  The puzzles have similar elements from Portal 2 like:  Laser redirection, Companion cubes to jump on, fans.  And a few innovations of its own such as recording, jammers, and carrying plates.  I appreciate that this game was able to carve its own identity despite taking some inspiration from the former.  The game also has strong philosophical elements.  I think philosophy lovers will really like this game.Initially I had a luke-warm reaction to this game.  I didn't like the lack of visual diversity.  The sparseness.  The occasional repetitiveness in the puzzles and world assets.  But I grew to love it once I made an effort to engage the world by accessing all the computer terminals.  I also found myself getting more invested in finding the truth as time went on.  I eventually found a sort of strange beauty in the worlds.  I do believe this is an excellent game and I commend the skill and intelligence with which the developers executed it.  I give it an 8/10."
,Recommended,257510,23813927,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ahdiomasta,"The single most thought provoking game I have ever played. The puzzles are challenging and addictive and the the narrative is gold. Would definitely recommend to everyone, and a must play if you enjoyed the portal series."
,Recommended,257510,24410653,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Usb25,"One of the best games i have played in a very long time, highly recommend it."
,Recommended,257510,31403418,Posted: 27 April,all,COCK,greatest philosophical game ever created
,Recommended,257510,24895236,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Mighty Pillow,"This is probably one of the best games I've played in a long time.Pros:- The length is perfect. I finished it about 28 hours. I didn't expect it to be that long at all. I took my time with the various puzzles. I did go back and do every ending, so that may have extended my play time a little. When I finished all of them, it felt satisfying. I got my fill of content.- Most of the puzzles felt fair, even the ones I couldn't figure out myself 100%. I don't enjoy getting frustrated at games, especially when after I find out the solution it was something difficult for the sake of being difficult. The puzzles in The Talos Principle increased in difficulty extremely fairly as you learned different skills and went for different color pieces.- The atmosphere was great, and the scenery was beautiful. You felt truly alone with this unsettingly deep voice speaking to you, and the various environments gave you a sense of wonder. Some of the music gave me the chills, and other music made me feel serene.- The terminals and QR codes were done right. Although a large number of terminal files were classic texts that didn't necessarily need to be read fully, a bunch contained information key to understanding the story. It didn't feel like clutter like I've noticed with some games trying to make games longer for no good reason.Cons:- Some of the endings felt slightly underwhelming, but this is a tiny tiny con.- I wish there was a way to backtrack in the game better. Right now it only allows you to go back to your last 20 autosaves or so. With some of the achievements being unattainable without restarting the game, it would be nice to go back to the precise moment you wanted to.- While I thought the majority of the puzzles were fair, some were like wayyy too hard. The hint system in this game is so stupid and limited. Why did they even consider including it? After the FEW hints were used up, I had to resort to a walkthrough.- Speaking of hard puzzles, that last puzzle at the top of the tower was timed?! Come on. The whole game I could relax and do the puzzles slowly, but now I have to go faster. Lame.I paid $9.99 for this game, and I could easily see myself paying more based on what you get. I haven't played through the road to gehenna yet, but I will eventually.There is one sort of 'jump' scare involving a ghost running toward you at full speed with a strange noise playing. It comes out of nowhere and you don't expect it."
,Recommended,257510,23438933,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Solar,"If you liked portal you will like this game. It has a lot of fun and challenging puzzles that will stump you and force you to think outside the box. The story is very good and you will enjoy it if you're into philosophy. The graphics are very nice, this game looks beautiful. In my opinion this game is a must-buy, especially when it goes on sale for 75% off."
76561198108137465,Recommended,257510,23089190,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Knight-just-got-Darker,"Absolutely in love with this game. The concepts, visuals, story, everything. I love the ideas surounding artificial intelligence and phillosophy regarding them. This game just hits all aspects of the question on 'what makes a person?' If you love robots  play this game. If you love philosophy play this game. If you love pretty games play. this. game!10/10 would play gain. And will."
,Recommended,257510,23130643,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,drossato,"Amazing game, nice puzzles, with a good bit of existentialism and transhumanism to break the flow sometimes. The stars have too obscure solutions for me, most are solvable by luck or stumbling upon them. 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,23180896,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Bataanta,"The Talos Principle is a beautiful game that inspires deep contemplation on the definition of life and your beliefs while entertaining you with challenging puzzles and a soundtrack that ties it all together.If you enjoy puzzles and learning more about yourself, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,257510,23195490,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,zakaufman1,"Stories in a game are very important to me. It is really difficult to find games with great stories and fun gameplay. This game has an engaging story that made me actually think, and it allows you to choose your own path and make decisions that influence what happens in the game. This is a puzzle game, with puzzles that increase in difficulty over time. The puzzles towards the end can get very challenging, but you are rewarded with a great ending, or many great endings. Play this game if you like puzzle games, stories, and questions that make you think about life.My only con is I got severe motion sickness from this game. The developers were aware of this issue and there is a motion sickness setting that you can activate which helps, but it still does not fix the problem for me. I was still able to get through the game, I just had to move very slowly."
,Recommended,257510,23215540,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Bonter,"Brilliant. Finished it with all endings and had to uninstall it to avoid spending hours and hours searching for all of the easter eggs (of which there are many).It's a puzzle game, but it's just perfect. Somehow not repetitive, and a great, intelligent story that doesn't let you get away with the answers you give to its questions. Very clever indeed.Good work Croteam."
,Recommended,257510,23437453,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MiKau,"I reviewed this as a positive because there is no ""neutral"" option. The game is not bad, but the reviews about it are very overrated.The puzzles are interesting and might be somehow new (except for Sigil puzzles). The puzzles however starts to get repetitive at a point, which is what bothered me the most. The game takes too long to deliver ""the end"", to a point I was solving puzzles just for the sake of knowing what is going to happen. Without spoilers, I'll just say that the different endings are very bland and to be expected. There is very few or no surprises around the plot if you're paying a little attention to the game.The difficulty in the game is very inconsistent. You can find a very hard star puzzle on your first steps into the game and you can also find very easy puzzles after that.If you enjoy puzzles and a good scenary, try the game. The philosophical part of the game is good? Yes, it is. But it is not THAT good."
,Recommended,257510,23024472,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Techerock,"When I first played Talos I thought it was a touch too simple until I got to the later puzzles and then they took on a new light. Overall the game was great even though I completed it in under 24 hours, but for a puzzle expert isn't that hard, yet it was enjoyable all the way through. The challenge curve was great and I would return to this game in the future just to test my mental at a decently laid out puzzle game. I hope for some good things for the future of this company and hope maybe in the future getting my hands on a sequel in either spirit or soul.Gameplay: 95/100Sound&Music 97/100Graphics: 93/100"
,Recommended,257510,23099731,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Javadocs!,"This game is what made me realize I love puzzle games, but thats not all it is. While the puzzles can get pretty challenging near the end of the game, the story is what really gets me into this game.It's all indirect story-telling pretty much. You find bits and pieces of history here and there, and the story-telling is never pushed on you (the player), its something you have to seek out. I'd recommend this game if you like atmospheric and/or puzzle games that can get pretty challenging."
76561198071671268,Recommended,257510,23185262,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Rjsatx,This game has been one of the best games I've ever played I loved it 100% of the time I played it never once did it make me feel bored never once did it keep me non engaged even when you're outside the puzzles you're still in a puzzle and its amazing 10/10 recemend for everyone to play
,Recommended,257510,19661768,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Schneidsc,I Wish i could recommend it twice! This game is AMAZING!!! I fell In love with it from the very start. This game will keep your interest throughout the whole game.
76561197991893369,Recommended,257510,19677054,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,II,i like it
,Recommended,257510,19704625,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,eternal.sessionxiii,"Step into the light child, and prepare yourself for an experience that calls into question everything you think you know about being human."
,Recommended,257510,19704715,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,hexnano,"Neat game, very unique11/10"
,Recommended,257510,28730493,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sharky [T],"Beautiful game. Amazing graphics, mind blowing story, awesome level design and confusing puzzles. One of the best games I've ever played."
76561198276591474,Recommended,257510,23245427,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,JS-Garrison,"The Talos Principle is a great work of art. While this game is worth the money for the soundtrack and visuals alone, the content will twist your brain. You will question what it means to be human, to be alive, and to perceive.From a non story standpoint, the puzzles vary in difficulty. Some are mind bendingly impossible, and others will have their solutions stick out for you. This keeps the game fresh.In short, I would HIGHLY recommend Talos, on sale or otherwise."
,Recommended,257510,23226725,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,ButteredScones,"Pros: The puzzles are fun, and not overly time consuming. If you're clever, you'll figure it out quickly. Only a few of them depend on some cute little trick. Beautiful to look at. Beautiful to listen to.Cons: The incessant beeping in some levels can drive you insane. The MLA's pseudo-intellectual philosophy is annoying, and often made me skip that part of the story so I could play puzzles again. The star gathering to make it up the tower is also more of a chore than a fun little side quest. Too many of the stars are in places that you wouldn't ever think that they'd be there.Overall: The game is fun, the story is MOSTLY good. The philosophy and mandatory stars to actually beat the game took away from it for me. I'd give it a 7/10 only because of the major gripes I just mentioned."
,Recommended,257510,23354785,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Jive Turkey,This game's pretty good. 8/10. If you liked Portal or Portal 2 you're gonna like this. Apples to oranges though so it's neither here nor there. Yep.
76561198060069740,Recommended,257510,23194561,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Mystery LLama,"If you have ever enjoyed anything from the ""I, Robot"" by Azimov, to the atmosphere of Serious Sam, grab this game and start playing.The journey is so worth it."
76561198054749021,Recommended,257510,23162388,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,samuelthorn,"Peacufully looking, yet challenging game, where you explore beautifully designed worlds through solving logical puzles. The game is full of great, and original ideas, clever puzzles, funny easter eggs, some of which are literally breathtaking."
,Recommended,257510,21652419,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,PingWing,"Ho-Ly-Crap.. this game is amazing and so is the Road to Gehenna DLC.. well, if you like to puzzle. Some missions might be kinda difficult but it's so worth it. Worth a total 6 out of 7 or 8.6 out of 10, you choose."
,Recommended,257510,14630191,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Slavvik,"This was, simply put, an absolutely amazing game and journey. The Talos Principle can't help but feel like a spiritual successor to Portal with the interesting mechanics that make up the gameplay.More than that though, if you pay attention this game has an incredibly unique, sad, intriguing, and deep backstory behind it. If you take your time and explore every avenue of the beautiful writing and dialogue, this game will give you the best existestial crisis you've ever experienced.I would highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a mental challenge, and to be put into a deeply pensieve philosophical mood whilst playing. Buy it!"
76561198068950704,Recommended,257510,14633106,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,nkt - stable retard,Buy it. Take your time. Enjoy the game. Worth it
,Recommended,257510,21678283,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,GlitchEnzo,Great puzzles.  Suprisingly deep philisophical conversation.  Very enjoyable.
,Recommended,257510,14849870,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Desert Ranger,An amazing philosophical puzzle game as they say in the description.It is a smart game that will make your brain struggle with its difficult and sometimes near-impossible puzzles but it will also make you ponder at the philosophical questions it imposes on you.If you don't mind spending plenty of time reading very interesting things on a game this is for you.tThe story told through journals of some sort is truly extraordinary.It is a journey worth taking.And be sure that you will be thinking about this game alot when you are not playing it
,Recommended,257510,25429943,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Peasant Lord,"Me: ""What am I?""Terminal: ""You are logged in with a guest account.""10/10"
,Recommended,257510,30393557,Posted: 8 March,all,Seire,"It's pretty good.Dont play if you're depressed or suicidal though, cause after arguing with the Terminal you will want to kill yourself.10/10 would throw away my Worldview again.PS: There is no Cat :("
76561198024972696,Recommended,257510,18227767,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,DALCOhstangultion,"""The Talos Principle"" is an excellent game.  It's epic in scope, yet modularized so well that it can be treated as a casual game.  It's got beautiful graphics, wonderful sound (except for the darn beeping of the terminals), excellent voice acting, interesting puzzles, and a wonderful story.  It's a darn fun game to play.  I got 42.5 hours of great gameplay out of my first run (I missed only one of the base game Achievements (darn)), so even at the current list price of about $40, it's worth the price.I do have some issues with the game, though:- a few of the ""star"" puzzles (three, I believe) are so obscure that they cannot be done without a walkthrough.- there are a few instances where the developers break the wall between the player and the character.  You, the player, must do certain things in the real world to finish things in the game world.- several sets of Achievements are mutualy exclusive.  To get them all requires either multiple playthroughs or restoring to a previous save point.- the Restore function could be better designed.  The Checkpoint process in the game is fine.  But, the saving of backups to be restored (a separate function) doesn't have any visibility into when it happens and the number of available slots is very low (10?).  The reason I missed one Achievement is because the Restore points I needed rolled right off the list before I thought to do it.  It's really nice to have that capability, but we need to know when backups happen and there really should be far more slots.- the list of Achievements includes the DLC Achievements even if you don't own the DLC.  I don't own ""Road to Gehenna,"" so it's impossible for me to get 100% Achievements in the base game.  Not cool.  Achievements should be based on what we OWN, not on what the company PRODUCES.Other than that, the game is excellent.  Highly recommended."
76561198005115166,Recommended,257510,13343067,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,AdmlBaconStraps,"If you liked Portal, you'll like this. In every aspect, this is a georgous game. Music fits, environments are amazing Greco-Roman ruins you explore, solving portal-esque puzzles with sets of what I can only describe as surveyors tools that the game slowly introduces you to and teaches you how to use. Main difference thematically to Portal is this is very philisophical to Portals black comedy."
,Recommended,257510,24215112,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ricky Rudges,it's portal
,Recommended,257510,13971129,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,MegaBadger24,See video review for full detail!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnNlrFv6q-I
,Recommended,257510,15212540,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Capital_G,"Feels almost like the Portal games: There are cubeic structures used in puzzles, there are turrets, there are reflecting lasers, there is a entity guiding you, and the mines ook like wheatley. It is better than portal 2, and I love it! only on world 5 and I can already say I see why it got so many awards."
,Recommended,257510,20313603,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,"Bootherium Bombifrons, III",great fun.
76561198016216626,Recommended,257510,34365992,Posted: 19 August,all,"Todd ""the JACO""","Several critics and game designers out there equate video games to art, and I always took that with a grain of salt as I had never had the emotional experience or sense of self-awareness with any game that I have had with my favorite books, movies, songs, and the like.  In my opinion, the Talos Principle belongs among the greatest of literary works and lyrical prose that mankind has ever created; it is more than a puzzle game, and the message and discussion can change your life if you take the time to think on it.TL,DR: To quote Michael Scott’s dictionary, the Talos Principle is ""Of the highest kind, quality, and order. Supreme""."
,Recommended,257510,31031661,Posted: 8 April,all,[mebbe],I'm a self aware robot. What more could you want.
,Recommended,257510,31043422,Posted: 9 April,all,OldtimerZA,Fantastic puzzle game.When can we expect another from croteam?
76561198305645995,Recommended,257510,31034195,Posted: 9 April,all,Eviia,"You know that game, when you want to erase your memory just to be able to play it again?No? You dont? Well this is the game for you ! Give it a try, you will not regret it !This game its a MASTERPIECE!"
76561198098078637,Recommended,257510,23862817,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sean,"This game has a lot of depth and if you're a fan of scifi and philosophy you'll probably like this game. The story is familiar but still mysterious enough to be engaging, while the puzzles provide something to do while you grapple with the metaphysical questions and considerations promted by the texts in the game."
,Recommended,257510,17281853,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Pumpuli,"If you like puzzles, mysteries and beautiful landscapes this game is for you.  Puzzles are challening enough and they aren't everything, you can discover and explore things. This game is something beautiful."
,Recommended,257510,16652922,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Traveller,"""I liked Portal 2, but can a puzzle game really claim to be worth forty dollars?""  Yes.  Without reservation, yes.For one thing, I'm twenty hours in and about halfway through with the puzzles.  Mostly nonlinear, some of them really challenging and boy there sure are a lot of them.  The world is GORGEOUS.  Writing is pretty good conceptually and there's some good fresh concepts in here.  Talking about them much would be minor spoilers, but it's been a long time since I've had a good existential crisis.  Maybe best not to know exactly what's coming.Portal aimed for dark and funny and hit the mark.  The Talos Principle aims for introspective, deeply philosophical and kind of scary, and also hits the mark just as hard.  There's some plot interactivity, and it feels meaningful.I'd say this game is a huge underdog, but that would be unfair because almost everyone I know is recommending it.  Maybe even worth a buy when not on sale."
76561198168713821,Recommended,257510,20120848,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,✪  Anton.,85/100
,Recommended,257510,15219877,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,hibikir,"Take Portal 2, make it very serious, and remove that layer of polish and craftmanship that you can only find in Blizzard, Valve and Nintendo.It's still a good game, mind you, but it lacks the magic of the masters. It's not the best game it could possibly be."
,Recommended,257510,15319798,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Lilithnerevar,"Gorgeous, clever, addictive, one of my most favourite games in the last five years."
,Recommended,257510,15346687,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Sapphire,"In the beginning were the Words,and the Words made the world.I am the Words.The Words are everything.Where the Words end the world ends.You cannot go forward in an absence of space.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,15459053,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Seriously Stupid,"""The Talos Principle"" is a first-person puzzle game. If puzzle games do not remotely interest you, then this would be the point of time where you would stop reading the review. If you've read this far, I'm honestly rather impressed. As long as you are still reading, allow me to delve a little deeper into this game.The Talos Principle heavily deviates from the formula which Croteam had initially established with their Serious Sam franchise (High-Action First Person Shooters). This game is said to have been founded in the midst of the development of Serious Sam 4, and I consider it a huge blessing that this game saw full development and a final release.There are no firearms, rocket launchers, or portable cannons for you to collect. Instead, you solve complex puzzles, and are rewarded with sigils (little tetris-shaped pieces used to progress further with the game). There is no absolute linearity. Instead, you have access to many different puzzles and worlds at a time (Although, you will require certain objects for later puzzles by collecting sigils). There are no one-liners spoken by a war-torn Serious Sam. You, the player, aren't even human! It is your task to delve into the world presented before you by a Benevolent God named ""ELOHIM"", and question the meanings of the Serpent haunting Computer Terminals planted all over the land.These puzzles can test your patience. If you have a low-tolerance for periods of problem-solving, seriously, stop here. Some of them had a tendency to stump me for a fair amount of time. I must admit, however, that it felt exhilarating to finally uncover those solutions via trial and error. There's something rather satisfying about collecting spinning, Tetris pieces. To me, at least.The game's plot itself focuses on deep, philosophical points. What does it mean to exist? What defines a person? Can frogs be people, too? What is the point of my existence in this world of puzzles? That said, if the story and philosophy does not remotely interest you in the slightest, it's completely optional. You are free to roam the lands of ancient ruins/architecture, solving two different kinds puzzles (sigil collecting, and fitting these sigils onto square/rectangular shaped boards), locating secret collectables and easter eggs (Croteam has included many of these, so be as curious as humanly possible), all with the option of a story. But a little reading/listening really wouldn't harm you, so I recommend you pay attention and learn more about the wolrd around you. This is the kind of game that requires plenty of attention.The music is once again taken by the reigns of Damjan Mravunac. Deviating from the percussion beats from Serious Sam, The Talos Principle's soundtrack removes all forms of percussion, and immerses you with the game, courtesy of its relaxing, sometimes heavenly tunes. One of the most beautiful, soothing soundtracks I've heard in a long time.If there are problems which I must address, it would only consist of the elusiveness of certain secret collectables or secrets. If you do own a device which can scan QR codes, don't be surprised if you find yourself doing some research on the one code which the game won't bother translating for you. Fret not, almost all of them are automatically translated once you scroll your mouse over their imprints. Hexadecimal numbers have also invaded some of the scriptures which you find in the computer terminals mentioned earlier. It's not entirely necessary to translate them, but if you enjoy deciphering those, it should be a whole new treasure hunt for you (if you've garnered an interest in the story to begin with).In conclusion, this game is an absolute masterpiece. In order to understand how beautiful it can be (both visually and philosophically), you must play it. It is certainly worth the investment. As bold a statement as this may be, this game is a prime example of how video-games can transcend to their own form of art. There was a lot of love put into developing this game, and Croteam delivers it perfectly.Oh yes, and there's DLC that you can purchase which replaces ELOHIM's voice with Serious Sam, sporting brand new dialogue from John J. D himself. 10/10."
,Recommended,257510,15662980,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Lilgreenman,"It doesn't really have the narrative/contextual meat to justify its length, but it's still a contemplative and thematically rich story that strings together some very well-made puzzles. Look at a walkthrough when you get stuck so the story goes faster."
,Recommended,257510,16044272,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,BULiK,"Game of the ♥♥♥♥ing year.  Up there with Portal and Portal 2, perhaps even better in some aspects."
,Recommended,257510,15192371,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,bullex,"Fantastic game!Beautiful graphics, really engaging puzzles, fluent and responsive controls, interesting 'narrator'...  It's one of those games that you wanna figure out for yourself, picking up crumbs left behind by some mysterious figure. Exploring the world is pure joy, the atmosphere is enchanced by really nice and soft instrumental music and in general, every aspect of this game is... fantastic! I could go on and on about great things included in this title. Like amazing story, little gameplay tweaks that are really helpful (like jump assist) or promoting 'thinking outside the box' style of the game.In other words - it's one of the best games that I've ever experienced :)EDIT: (regarding Road to Gehenna DLC)Road to Gehenna DLC consists of about 25 puzzles designed to use existing physics of the game to the fullest. Beautiful, massive locations, interesting story, about 10 hours of grade A fun... Great DLC for an amazing game!Highly recommended! 9/10"
,Recommended,257510,15198280,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Alcator,"Absolutely fantastic 3D first person puzzle game.Did you love Portal 1 Challenges?Did you love Portal 2 for its puzzles?If the answer is yes, this game will blow you away. Cleverly split into more and more advanced ""worlds"", each with islands, each of those with several puzzle rooms, this game will truly test your brain.There's also a story segment, which, so far, seems optional - you can ignore all the computer terminals if you just want to solve puzzles, or you can embark on a philosophical journey of ""What makes you a person?"".The puzzles have differing difficulty, indicated by the color of the sigil (puzzle piece) you are trying to collect - with green ones being easiest, and red ones (so far) being hardest. There are also many secrets hidden around the world which provide additional challenge.Perhaps the greatest thing as far as DESIGN of the game is concerned is that you can solve the puzzles in different order, so there is very little risk of getting stuck on a particularly difficult puzzle and not be able to progress - just leave the room, solve something else, and then return. Midway through World 1, you already unlock World 2, so gating is very soft in this game.Graphics and sounds and music work perfectly - the worlds have well designed aesthetics, sound effects are useful, and the background music can occasionally chill you to the bone. Narrative voices fit their purpose flawlessly."
,Recommended,257510,15237113,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Mercury,100/100THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVERBEST PUZZLE GAME EVERGREAT STORYIT'S WORTH YOUR $40!PLEASE BUY THIS!
,Recommended,257510,15840363,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mod74,The Talos Principle: The game that made me hate Tetris.
76561197994951687,Recommended,257510,15227979,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Anderpanda,"Similar to portal, really good game!"
,Recommended,257510,15268837,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,piyo da,it's like portal without guns
,Recommended,257510,15321237,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Rymante,"My advice, go into this game knowing as little as possible.This game throws all kinds of unexpected surprises & twists your way & builds all those surprises around one of the best first person puzzle games since the 2 Portal games from Valve.I don't wanna give too much away so I'll just say this, The Talos Principle has some absolutely, fiendishly clever puzzle design combined with a thought provoking story & some absolutely gorgeous visual presentation, it shows what's possible when a developer has the courage to try something very different & a publisher has the guts to let them follow through on that different thing.The Talos Principle is an absolute triumph, the only reason I can think of to not recommend it is if you just detest puzzle games entirely.  Bravo Croteam, I applaud your efforts."
,Recommended,257510,15346298,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,HugeMallard,Can a machine be a man? That is the question
,Recommended,257510,15686740,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Cheesecake,"Such great thought has gone into this game. It is a wonderful puzzler, right up there with the other greats. 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,257510,16619968,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Rah,"Awesome game!I do have a lot more gametime than it shows currently, because I didnt play on this account.I dont really like numberd ratings, but I rate this game very highly.The puzzles are very nice. A few of them are too easy, but most of them were challenging while not being unfair (barring a handful). The bonus stars are extremly unfair and there was no way I would have found them all without watching youtube videos about their location. The story is pretty predictable, but still nice. Although I was not a big fan of the ending.There are a lot of options you can configure in the menu. Including a menu just for Motion Sickness. This was especially important for me since I suffer from it during FPS games, and this game handeled it beautifully. FOV goes upto 120, you can turn off head bobbing, and other things that might trigger the motion sickness. Game looks and sounds awesome. I do like the default voice of Elohim, and wouldnt bother changing it from default.Basically, here you have a game that looks, feels and sounds very good. The puzzles are good. The controls are good. Even the story is decent. If you see this game on sale, definately buy it. If its not on sale, even then consider buying it if you like puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,16721347,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Markinho,"If Asimov and Glados had a child, that would be this game9/10"
76561198109565005,Recommended,257510,17209248,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,simshady,Great puzzler. Gets the brain cells moving!
76561197982685987,Recommended,257510,17213893,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Hazza the Fox,"This game is excellent. Buy it.GAMEPLAYBasically, it uses a similar format to the Portal games: enter a sealed area and solve it's puzzle by picking up and using certain gadgets to interact with the environment- and it does this VERY well. While it lacks portals, it makes up for this by making the puzzle objects very complex, entertaining and in some cases, quite sophisticated (despite needing only a very simple interface!). The puzzles start simple but become VERY challenging.STORY and VISUALSBeautiful. The storytelling is also excellent, teased out in hints as you progress. The environments look great. Level design is open and encourages exploration (you don't permanentaly ""die"" per se, and you can backtrack easily if you feel the need). The game is structured in a way that the main story is easy to play through and complete- with a more extended story hidden from view that you find by exploring.MINOR GRIPES (advice to make the game more enjoyable)1- Multiple endings. Really not necessary as you just do the same puzzles a second time. My advice to make the most out of it- forget the stars and white pieces- just take the ""RED"" to the place you mustn't go.2- Hidden stars- while fun at first, don't break your back looking for them, as sometimes the puzzle pieces are put in the most ridiculous places that you have no reason to expect them (one was hidden up a tree).BUT- these 'issues' are minor- the game was a massive success!Highly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,17258192,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Pete,"If anyone asks me what PC game someone might first get if they'd never played before. I'd reccomend thiss game, just soo good."
,Recommended,257510,16441171,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Fëanor,very entertaining puzzle game with beautiful settings and well-thought out philosophical themes. parallels to Portal are unavoidably clear but the game holds it's own excellently.
,Recommended,257510,16787617,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,scrambled meggs,"I played through the game and I loved it, however I feel deceived because I did not encounter any cats.9.8/10"
,Recommended,257510,17435935,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,nO_d3N1AL,"This is a truly unique game which the industry needs more of. A serious puzzle game with an intriguing story, some great philosophical elements, lots of mystery and things to be discovered. It is a very immersive experience and quite relaxing. The soundtrack, art style, environments and graphical fidelity make for a somehwat euphoric experience. It's a beautiful game in its design. There are no tutorials in this game - it's all about exploration and experimentation. What I love baout this game is that the puzzles are really intuitive; at least once you know the main mechanics, you'll rarely find yourself being frustrated by a puzzle and resorting to ""cheating"" (by looking up the solution). There's quite a good diversity in terms of the worlds, so you'll always be immersed and want to continue to progress the story (through interacting with ""Command Prompt""-style terminals, listening to audio logs, reading some things etc.) The ambiguity in this game motivates you to progress further - everything feels like it has meaning and purpose. I would compare The Talos Principle to Portal as being a top-notch puzzle game but unlike Portal, The Talos Principle is far deeper and more ""serious"", with Elohim being a much more intimidating, powerful and ""Godly"" character than the tongue-in-cheek GLaDOS. Also the game does not rely on a single mechanic or device (although many puzzles will use just one device). Every puzzle feels like a ""puzzle within a puzzle within a puzzle"", and indeed due to the way it's structured, some of them link so to get some of the stars you have to think literally ""outside the box"" (or rather, ""puzzle arena""). It's beautiful, unpredictable, atmospheric and truly original. I would not have expected a game like this from the developers of the (not so serious) Serious Sam series! This is a game that is definitely worth checking out if you want something perplexing - an adventure game without any guns or violence or a linear, cliche plot."
,Recommended,257510,15629496,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,🔴 duNN',11/10one of the best game ever made !
76561198065175434,Recommended,257510,17216110,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Picnic,"A philosophical, puzzle game. Somehow not pretentious. Unique and well executed."
,Recommended,257510,17261178,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,[CW] Darxtorm,it seems somebody took the creators of serious sam and said 'make a game that's a cross between portal and myst... oh and make it question my existence'.so they did. and it does.beautiful stuff.
,Recommended,257510,17415344,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,a_ly_a,It baffles my mind and I like it.
,Recommended,257510,15178825,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Esoterik,Amazing game. Worth every penny of the full price; a steal when on any kind of sale.Fantastic atmosphere and cool story. Lots of hidden puzzles and extra pieces of the story as a reward for the explorer and/or completionist. There are a few of truely mind bending puzzles when it comes to the end-game content and most puzzles offer at least some challenge to even a fairly seazoned puzzler. The difficulty curve and introduction to game mechanics is smooth and satisfying. Various endings depending on how.... obedient... you are. =)
,Recommended,257510,15236509,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Herconomicon,"I fell absolutely in love. The background of the game is about fundamental philosophical ideas such as consciousness, ontology, moral, and divinity. Also the atmosphere, the aesthetics, the puzzles, are just amazing. TRY IT OUT.PS: Anyone who hasn't played this game. You should.9/10"
,Recommended,257510,15686201,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,frm,Awesome!
,Recommended,257510,16618208,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,St. Gibonus,"The Talos Principle is a great game: It has an excellent soundtrack, amazing graphics and a very deep and self-questioning inducing story.The gameplay felt lacklustre though. Most of the puzzles are easy as pie (you just follow a series of actions) and only a minority of puzzles takes advantage that this game is in 3D (I'd say 40% of them). Sometimes, when the puzzles are not super easy, they felt super unfair and counter intuitive (damn you, Egyptian Arcade!). All in all, I didn't feel that dopamine rush that puzzle games provides when solving them most of the time. Only a very few puzzles felt good and made me feel smart (Most of the star ones).Yet I felt compelled to solve the puzzles, in order to progress in the game to experience more of it. All in all, I recommend this game for everyone!"
76561198071828346,Recommended,257510,17041243,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Seigi,"You know that time when you don't really know a game, but when you watch few trailers or screenshots you just want to buy it? That is exactly what happened to me. Sure, I had seen the overwhelmingly positive reception on steam or the high score on metacritic, but that wasn't the reason. I just felt that this game was great. I would have never expected from the creators of serious sam to make a philosophical puzzle game with plenty of references to the old European culture. You'll visit places reminiscent of Greece, Rome, Egypt and the Middle Age, whilst solving increasingly difficult puzzles and accessing terminals which will raise your doubts about what's true and what is not and about the essence of the human nature. And in the end, you'll be free to choose which path you want to take and you'll be up for some surprises.This game challenges you constantly with its puzzles and its questions and IT DOES NOT GUIDE YOU, you'll have to solve all by yourself.  This game is a true masterpiece and another proof that indie games can be just as good, if not better, than AAA games.If you do not want your brain to be challenged, though, stay away from this game: you'll just find emptiness and all that the game wants to tell it's going to be lost."
,Recommended,257510,17215036,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Kamichi,Many times I had to stop because the plot was getting too damn deep and I was almost falling into an existencial crisis.10/10 would spend hours discussing the purpose of life with the terminal again.
,Recommended,257510,17229343,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Fluffy Tail Toucher,"This is what the puzzle genre is all about. Go take the Bartle test. Did you rank high in ""explorer""? Play this game.You wake up knowing nothing. You're presented with objects that seem incongruous with the surroundings. You try things until you figure out how they work. Things gradually start getting more complex.But that's just half of it. You come across scraps. Messages. A computer terminal. A voice. They aren't explaining much.You keep going. The puzzles get a little harder. You start to notice things. There are wierd ways to hack the puzzles. You can sometimes get pieces of them out, or get into wierd places and solve puzzles way easier. You think the game is poorly designed until you find easter eggs and messages in these places. The puzzles were designed to reward you for breaking them.You read more, you talk to the terminals. The story is finally coming together, you think. Finally it hits you. The pieces all fall into place. You understand why you are. You understand why this place is. You know what you must do.I'd give it 5 stars, but honestly you shouldn't bother with the stars. It's way too crazy to try and get them all, and the ending you get for it is probably the poorest of the lot. But other than that, highly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,17274430,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,scottflorence,"A brilliant game that makes me look forward to looking at computer terminals! Definitely recommend!The puzzles are fun, but what I really loved it for, was the philosophy, story and lore, both hidden and not. This is perhaps only game I didn't wait for a discount before buying, and I'm still delighted by it! I had nearly overlooked this game due to its initial steam image being ratings and a non-in-game image, thank goodness I looked into it though as that would have been a tragedy!Road to Gehenna DLCAlso bought this dlc as soon as it was available, much more philosophical awesomeness, more humour than the main game,  such as some arta sad giraffe, where the artificial conciousness' question if it's sad because the humans are dead, or if the humans are dead because they displeased the giraffeI also definitely recommend the DLC."
,Recommended,257510,15223654,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ill clinton,Don't compare this to Portal. It will change the way you think about life.My advice: Read everything you come across. Listen to all time-capsules. Enjoy the game. Don't climb the tower.
76561197970509330,Recommended,257510,17259713,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Blurfester,"i REALLY don't like puzzle games very much. True, i have a number in my library, but as a rule, blech. But, oh no, not this one. This one is FANTASTIC. It also helps that it has a killer soundtrack and there are lots of why are we here why do we exist situations that keep me coming back. This is simply the BEST puzzle game ive played. 10/10 without reservation."
,Recommended,257510,17275806,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,xpaladin,"I wasn't sure what to expect when I picked this up, and frankly I glanced over it at Devolver's booth at PAX. Within an hour of play, however, I wound up hooked. I played through the entire base game in ~3 days (it's about 18-20hrs of playthrough). I was immediately hooked on the style, writing, atmospherics, philosophy (!), art style, story, and entertaining puzzles. This is a VERY good game, kudos to Croteam and Devolver for this gem."
,Recommended,257510,17460296,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Lars Ohly 1337,"The best game ever made, the best game I've ever played. A masterpiece in all its glory!"
,Recommended,257510,15283160,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,AdorkablePony,"As amazing as this game is I waited til it was on sale just in case I bought a game that I would only play for a day. That being said, I was wrong, The Talos Principle is a beautiful, and (at times) tough puzzel game. The music is as beautiful as the game and I was surprised to find that it had an intersting plot that made me think. The difficulty is perfect, I spend a good amount of time in each world, completing puzzels, and exploring. Finding easter eggs and just sightseeing is relaxing and rewarding. The Talos Principle is the puzzel game of my dreams. (Elohim aslo has the perfect voice in my opinion)."
,Recommended,257510,16754175,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,N1ghtFeather,"I haven't enjoyed a singleplayer game this much in a long time. It is similar to portal, where you solve puzzles and there is a story to go along with it, but I like this game much more. The puzzles are more open, and feel a lot more organic.I really loved the story, and recomend reading and listening to all the notes you will find in the terminals and voice logs, as they help you get an idea of what is going on in the world around you. The ending was amazing, and I love that there are multiple endings.People say the puzzles get repetative after a while, but I don't think so. Yes, there are only 5 tools in total that you will unlock throughought the game, but each puzzle is still unique, and will require different solutions. Some of them are very hard, and it was extremly satisfying when I completed them.Overall I strongly recomend this game."
76561198054476307,Recommended,257510,16805399,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Jonah Hill... From Moneyball,"It's like art. The story is so gripping, and it will keep you entertained for hours."
,Recommended,257510,17201226,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,inzow,"If you want to increase your IQ, play this game!"
76561198066997574,Recommended,257510,17244014,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Paulo Ban,"Pros:- Very fun puzzle game.- Cool Science/Religion/Philosophy plot, maybe would be a good movie idea.Cons:- Some [later] puzzles feel like filler (just rehashing treaded ideas).- Many stars (hardest puzzles) are too hidden, I personally find it more fun when the end goal is clear and you just need figure how to use the right tools in the right way and not check every inch and corner.Would (and have) recommend.9/10"
76561198034068734,Recommended,257510,17197799,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Bengal Bunny,i still have yet to find the kitten :(
,Recommended,257510,17210643,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,RoyalChimichanga,This is one of the most philisophical games I have ever hard the pleasure to play.It feels like a mixture of Portal and higher thought.10/10 Perfect puzzle game
,Recommended,257510,15735215,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TOFTJeff,Wish there was more Portal in your life? Talos Principle scratches that same itch without being completely deriviative. Great fun.
76561198095231952,Recommended,257510,16094676,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,GeGe-,Without a doubt the best game I have ever played.
,Recommended,257510,16784013,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,marwatk,"Fantastic game, reminds me of Portal with a great story and tough but solvable puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,16950453,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,torqueo,"Incredibly great puzzler. Very challenging, great graphics with very high res textures that scale well up to 4k, fantastic voice acting and story, tons of secrets, and an amazing array of easter eggs.If you loved Portal, buy this. I actually like this more than Portal, now!Also works quite well with a gamepad and has an impressive amount of customization in the options, including FoV and even anti motion sickness settings. And did I mention it has great mod support? A benchmark for what PC games should be."
,Recommended,257510,17329617,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Clearance,"I think I've tried this ...Best thing to exist. Questions humanity, reality, life and existance. Then it fµcks with your head while doing so.Or rather, you question those things, maybe?Started playing for the puzzles, stayed for the story.Pro tip: Question everything, exploit everything. They expect you to."
76561198031844520,Recommended,257510,17349947,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Disease,"When I bought this game i simply thought this is just an small indie puzzle game which I can spend a few hours in playing. But damn, this game is far better than i could imagine. The Talos Principle really surprised me. The music and the thoughts which goes in to this puzzles are amazing. This game tries to compare itself to its biggest rival Portal, and do so without hesitation. The Talos Principle has it´s own mechanics and ideas and succeed to be a worthy competitor to Portal. The Talos principle is even better in some regards, The talos principle let you go freely to whatever puzzles you want so you never get stuck in one puzzle.The only complaint I have about the game it´s that sometimes the mechanics in the game hinder you from doing something which might seems logical and should work, but the game wants you to solve the puzzle in one way and one way only. so to stop you from glitching or ""cheat"" through it, it has some invincible walls etc which can be frustrating.  All in all a really good game who really deserve all credit it can get. 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,17356331,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Jdoggram,"A fun little puzzle game that talks about religion and what it means to be human.The only problems I can find in the game are its lack of quick save/load (You'll see why the game needs one on some of the later mine puzzles), no crouch button, and only O.K. graphics. If you like Portal, The Stanley Parable, and/or Heavy Rain you'll probably enjoy this game in one way or another.EDIT: I forgot to mention that there is a single mechanic that I dislike in this game... that one time record mechanic in puzzle games where you have to record yourself and that becomes a copy of you. It's not too bad in this game, but there's certain levels where it just becomes tedious. Everything else though is pretty good. 8.5/10 would puzzle again"
76561198013529169,Recommended,257510,17421596,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Rodario,"The Talos Principle is a very good puzzle game, framed by an interesting philosophical theme and wrapped up in very nice graphics and a beautiful soundtrack.The story is told as you discover partially corrupted emails, blog posts, and time-capsule audio logs, slowly unravelling bits and pieces about who you are, what this place is and what happened to the world of man. This was very well done and I enjoyed every snippet, with the time capsules being my personal highlight of every level (Compliments on the voice acting).I definitely liked the puzzles in general, while I have to say I vastly preferred the Sigils to the Stars (which are semi-optional). With the sigils, there's always a solution, all the pieces are there for you to put in order. For some, the solution may be instantly apparent, while the more challenging ones will probably baffle you for a moment, but guides should never be necessary here.The same cannot be said for the stars. Some of these will require the consultation of a guide. That is unless you search every dark corner of the map for a hidden switch or passage and randomly aim at every cloud and tree, cause who knows where the connector you need may be hidden.I guess I just prefer puzzles where I am given all the pieces, as opposed to the manufacturer having hidden one in a secret compartment in the box.The philosophical aspect is a bit over-hyped, in my opinion, and if it weren't for this hype, I wouldn't feel the need to put things into perspective, but here we are. My goal is to keep you from going into the game with unreasonably high expectations, as mine were.Yes, Croteam did a great job of creating an interesting framework out of it, but the subject matter (Is a true AI a person, and what does a person make?) is nothing new or groundbreaking. It may not have been examined in-depth before in any games I can think of, but certainly in film and literature (and around bar tables).Yes, some of the questions the player is presented with are thought-provoking, but then the answer you would actually give is often not among the options. I know this is due to the limitations of the medium and I can't imagine anyone else could have done a much better job of it, but to be able to lead truly deep philosophical conversations with a computer terminal in a game, we'll have to wait for the development of an actual AI. And wouldn't that be lovely, to have a meaningful conversation about whether or not an AI can be considered a person... with an actual, true AI!... in a video game... for our entertainment.Once again, I really enjoyed playing The Talos Principle. So should you, seriously."
,Recommended,257510,16850573,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Mr. Gepardas,So what defines a human? Can AI be human?This game left me with questions that don't let me fall asleep at night.
,Recommended,257510,17239351,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Warkanum,"Great game. However, this game need coop."
76561197975884952,Recommended,257510,15996985,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Radikal_1,"What an excellent game!  Very well designed with a gorgeous atmosphere, beautiful soundtrack, and intriguing, original story with very satisfying puzzles.  There are tons of Easter eggs for those that really feel like a hunt.  It's nice to see that they got this one so right.  This baby really gets one thinking.No need to worry yourselves about input lag or your ping here; just prepare to use your mind for this adventure!  This kind of game makes me happy to be a PC gamer; loved the main story and will definitely keep installed to play some Steam Workshop mods and wait for an expansion or any DLC that may be down the road hopefully.  A ""job well-done"" to the developers at Croteam for this gem!"
,Recommended,257510,17243100,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ConsoleCowboy,"Taking strong inspiration from Portal, this game takes it to a whole new level with a deep underlying story rooted in real AI philosophy, and beautiful design (both in terms of art and gameplay.) Not to be missed."
76561197996963295,Recommended,257510,17318872,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Laughing Man,"Great game. Deep, thoughtful, challenging, timely and worth investing time and effort in. Thanks to the team who put this together."
76561198021434988,Recommended,257510,17423631,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Boogafreak,"Just finished the game the hard way :)It's a great puzzle game, and yes, comparable to portal, and if you go for the stars in the game, even harder.The puzzles start quite easy, but become somewhat hard, with the hardest being ""stars"".If you like a challenge that messes with your head - this is it.Note that in between puzzles, you may read many philosophical and metaphysical texts, along with historical depictions of what happened in this world.You can read them and enjoy the thoughts, or just continue puzzling away.In any case you will be talked to by (supposedly) god, and taunted on these issues by a computer program, so you will need to interact with it and explain your philosophical position!I enjoyed both aspects of the game.Both were deep and emmersive.I didn't get all the stars. Missed 4, and went to youtube to complete. and I'm.. not dumb at all.In another tone, I kept saying to myself there is a song that speaks so clearly and elouently about the game I must sign off with it on my review :""I'm jamming... Hope you like jamming too.""Enjoy.Good game.Really.Booga."
,Recommended,257510,17044736,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,、湛蓝烟雨,An outstanding game except its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization
76561197987594208,Recommended,257510,23849109,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ashtank101,Amazing!
,Recommended,257510,17056947,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,GiLneration,This game contains philosophical debates about frogs. 12/10
,Recommended,257510,17057468,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,SlepiceBetty[METELKOS],"This game is definitely worth buying, it's absolutely brilliant. It gets compared to Portal 2 very often, but don't get fooled into thinking it's some kind of a cheap knock-off. This game is the bomb. Where Portal 2 is quirky and adorable, The Talos Principle is the exact opposite, kind of serious and very serene. The storyline is amazing, challenging, and raises some surprisingly interesting and deep questions. A lot of reading is required to understand the story, but it is well worth it. This game will challenge you both with the gameplay and with the storyline, as only the best games know how to do.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,17460902,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Colossal,"Probably one of the best first person puzzlers ever created, it's got some really rad gameplay with some really rad story bits going on. The puzzles will have you questioning your intelligence, while the narrative simultaneously has you questioning your existence. Mechanically, everything seems to fit together perfectly - though personally I disliked the self co-op stuff (it's always the same thing, and it's always annoying!).The story is loaded with that philosophy stuff that all those philosophers like to talk about, but they did a good job at not pushing anything on players. There's a lot of notes to read at a lot of terminals, so if you dislike reading you should probably keep that in mind. The various notes and messages and audiologs available throughout the campaign offer a lot of backstory into the 'world' and the people who built it. There are quite a few ways the game can end, which is impacted by decisions you make throughout the game that you may not even realise are decisions. I don't have a problem with this, but it'd have been nice to know going in.If you're a completionist, I feel really bad for you. There's entire puzzles and endings locked behind collectibles, which a lot of the time require you to break the levels. I mean, the idea is nice - smuggling items from one puzzle into another to break the rules - but it really just feels like breaking the game.I got the game on sale, but I would have easily paid full price for it. Definitely pick it up.Road to GehennaDrop the philosophy, pick up the sociology. Road to Gehenna is everything the main game did right, with a little bit less of the stuff it did wrong. There's a lot of really cool stuff they did with this, like terminal minigames and a ""forum"" where you could speak with other people/robots/whatever. Because it focuses on a society and the people in it, the way the story is told is pretty different and there's a lot more comedy. As with the main campaign, it does have a handful of endings - though the choices that impact the endings are a lot more obvious this time around.The puzzles in the DLC are more of the same, don't expect any new mechanics. Instead, it forces you to use all the old mechanics in new ways. Jamming something then launching the jammer, using lasers to cut off other lasers. It's all stuff that was possible in the main game but never utilized. The puzzles aren't necessarily harder than the main stuff, but they're still pretty difficult - and they start off that way. So make sure you play through the normal campaign before diving into this.This expansion is also worth the money, in my opinion, but don't be expecting anything new."
,Recommended,257510,17048053,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,KiwiJ,"Nice game and really makes you think. Feels like an indy game, eventhough priced like a medium/large game."
,Recommended,257510,16968973,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Whorus,Unbelievably brilliant puzzle game. Reminds me slightly of the portal series (but without portals obviously) except no where nearly as disapointingly short. So many easter eggs and hidden stuff to find as well. Truly 10/10 and a complete game changer as far as puzzle games go.
,Recommended,257510,17054359,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Disciple of the Black Sun,"Deeply philosophical, I don't like puzzle games but I do like philosophy so it all works out."
,Recommended,257510,13485459,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Janpan,"One of the best puzzle games I have ever played. It has multiple endings, so you get to play the game again and it stays fun ! I really love the philosophical aspect and how it is incorporated into the gameplay. If you loved portal you will love this. Awesome game !"
76561198005079603,Recommended,257510,20515865,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Captain Seasick,"IMPORTANT NOTE: THE FOLLOWING REVIEW MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!The Talos principle. Bloody hell, this game really depresses me. Not because it's bad or anything. It just has this overwhelming and mentally crushing sense of loneliness about it, like you're a fledgling AI, a barely coherent collection of basic functions and scripts, that has somehow manifested in a vast, automated computer system after thousands of years of autonomous runtime.Maybe I'm reading way too deep into this whole game, and it's really just another puzzle game with platforming elements, but the way I see- no, the way I FEEL when I play it, is that there's something really disturbing behind it all. Something sinister and foreboding, but also gloomy and horribly dreary. God, I'm getting frustrated just writing this.But either way... I can't really fault a game for making me feel this way. Hell, Spec Ops: The Line made me feel things along this (no pun intended) line, and I bloody loved that mentally twisted freakshow! But here's where the problem lies. Spec Ops: The Line was a fast-paced shooter, whereas The Talos Principle is a slow, shambling puzzle-platformer, and the last thing you want when trying to be logical, is to get a waterballoon full of ""feels"" splattered across your face.And yet, despite this, despite TTP ""triggering"" me (god, I despise using that word these days... thanks a fockin' lot, Smellody & Co) so much, I can't hate it. I can't even dislike it. Yes, the puzzles are frustratingly hard (or maybe I'm just mentally slow) later on, and yes, the so-called ""helpers"" are about as worthless as a finger-painting in the Louvre (don't overthink that analogy, I certainly didn't) and yes, the feeling of dread and awe as you play distracts you from the sheer logic you need to beat the game.But even despite all that, I like it. I really, really like it. It's not as fun(ny) as Portal is, and it's not as ""simplistic"" as Q.U.B.E. is, and it's not as indie-level charming as Thomas Was Alone is, but the simple philosophical pondering of the game makes it really intriguing. Almost irresistible, really. So for all its little flaws, The Talos Principle is (in my opinion, anyway) one of the grander puzzle games out there. 8.3/10"
76561197981473489,Recommended,257510,15798651,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Pandemonium,"23 hours playtime have gotten me questioning life's meaning. Similar to Carlos Castaneda or Isaac Asimov. This game flexes your brain muscle in a very refreshing way. Not only does it require you thinking outside the box in order to solve puzzles, but also proposes sincere debates about science, religion, being human, machine or both. All done in a ravishingly beautiful environment."
,Recommended,257510,16719322,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,女王F U J Ө S H I XP,Not your average puzzle game!
,Recommended,257510,16667680,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nublett,"Play it, don't think about it just do it, you won't regret it. Also question everything."
,Recommended,257510,16668912,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,killhiggins (RICO),This is honestly one of the best puzzle games I have ever played.tight controlsbeautiful graphicsvoice work is amazingtough puzzlesbooming godlike presencekitten10/10
,Recommended,257510,16671781,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,[lexx],"There were some frustrating moments, but mostly the game is really fun."
,Recommended,257510,16673417,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,shenanigans,"This is an excellent game. Since (if you're looking to purchase this) you've probably played Portal 2, for ease of description I'll make a brief comparison of how this matches up to that:+:TTP has stronger story and mood development. It's got an elegiac, mournful quality to it that runs through everything: the music, the settings, even the terminal files. It's overall a more immersive experience as compared to P2, but it's also sadder, slower and more thoughtful.-:The individual puzzle design and overall game structure isn't as polished as P2's, though. This is partially because it has many many more puzzles than P2, so whereas with P2 every new puzzle had something new to show/teach you, concepts/tricks are frequently repeated in Talos, and levels can begin to feel routine/uninspired. Furthermore, the sigil jigsaw puzzles are...honestly a lazy bit of puzzle-writing and the worst part of the game; they really needed something more to save them from the unoriginality of using such an old puzzle trope.This is not to say that the puzzles in TTP are bad; on the contrary, they are generally well-crafted, with many surprising twists and lovely a-ha movements. But don't go into it expecting the sheer, lean refinement of P2. Still, though, if you love doing puzzles just for the heck of it, then you won't mind the huge number of puzzles at all: even if the 100th isn't the most original after you've played 99 of them, it's still crafted properly and enjoyable, and after solving it you'll still be looking forward to the next 30.Overall (and if you didn't play P2, to summarize): TTP is a game well worth buying if you A) enjoy puzzles, B) enjoy thinking about philosophy or C) enjoy mood pieces. If you enjoy two or (better still!) all three of these things, then you will likely find this game a personal ""insant classic"", as I did."
76561198055920153,Recommended,257510,16688959,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,thebassbox,The Talos principle ist das was ich von einem Portal 3 erwartet hätte nur mit deutlich mehr Hintergrundstory und Philosophie. Einfach toll
,Recommended,257510,16694277,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,power8888power,You like puzzle game?This is the game for you.9.5/10
76561197993576902,Recommended,257510,16690315,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Ninjin,"It's Portal, but with a serious story. I honestly couldn't put it down"
,Recommended,257510,16694291,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ragnarawk,"What a fantastic concept.  I had a computer use logic to put me in a box when arguing about conscience and the laws of physics.  I just sat there for a minute and had to appreciate the clever writing behind this game.  It's good to look at and even better to listen to.  Take care, motion sickness can be caused by this game just by the way the controls are preset, but the even thought of that with their autocorrect for motion sickness.  I kid you not, they took the time to consider that.  The puzzles are both challenging and rewarding, and the philosophical theological debate is just fantastic to partake in."
76561198018010915,Recommended,257510,16728852,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,pierre.luigi,Better than Portal.
,Recommended,257510,16667917,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kirajc,"Loved the story. Everyone should play this this one. This game transcends its narrative, making you think about its heavy lifting ideas outside of the game. Intriguing puzzles and a dive to push forward make this game very compelling. This should not be compared to portal, two different games with different emotional ideals and concepts. More serious in tone. Stop reading this review and go by it."
76561197999391040,Recommended,257510,16724440,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,bulls0nparade,unreal
76561197993897819,Recommended,257510,16688829,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Spaceloaf,"This game really surprised me.The core puzzles are well done and challenge without becoming too esoteric.  Pretty much every item has more than one use, which can make some puzzles more difficult if you haven't worked out what the other uses are.  There are also strange ways in which you can seemingly break out of the intended solution; not all of these necessarily seem legit, but it means that there are puzzles with more than one solution.  Obtaining the optional hidden stars on the other hand is very challenging and you often have to take full advantage of these weird quirks to succeed.Overall, the core puzzles represent a good mix of applying what you know with out-of-the-box thinking without drifting too far into either extreme (which would be boring or too gimmicky respectively).But where the game really shines is the story.  It won't do any good to spoil it here, but suffice to say that I found the interactions with the computer terminals scattered around the world to be even more interesting than the puzzles.  Not only do they slowly reveal what is going on, but they will directly challenge your assumptions about consciousness, morality, and what it means to be sentient (or if that is even a meaningful term).This is accomplished cleverly through a computer program that you interact with which asks you questions and responds to your choices.  This creates the feeling of actually having a conversation with someone rather than just being passively told things.  In the end, I found my own viewpoints legitimately challenged, and I can't even remember the last time I experienced that in any entertainment medium.Some minor negative points: I found the tessellation puzzles to be a bit tedious, and some of the stars are hidden in exceptionally hard-to-find locations which makes roaming around the world looking for them tedious as well.But overall, The Talos Principle is an amazing game that challenged my brain not just through puzzles, but philosophically as well.  Highly recommended."
76561198124803019,Recommended,257510,16666191,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,rmuttproductions,Can't stop playing.edit - Finshed the game with the most difficult path. Great fun.Could have used a little better wrap up at end of game.tl;dr - buy it and enjoy if you like puzzles.
76561198038470695,Recommended,257510,16706718,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,gyx cmapuka,"It SuperB, cant say more, very inspiring!"
,Recommended,257510,21610694,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Ares7830,10/10 Would buy motion sickness simulator with philosophy and puzzles again.
,Recommended,257510,15528276,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Sappykun,"It's better than Portal, that's for sure.Good stuff:+ Puzzles are decently challenging.  Most of the red sigil puzzles are pretty difficult.  The stars are extra hard and require a lot of cross-puzzle ♥♥♥♥ery.+ Good grafix.  As expected, since it runs on the Serious engine.+ Decent story.  I don't usually pay attention to the story in videogames, but I like the way this game does it.  As far as the main plot goes, Elohim tells you to solve puzzles.  The backstory/lore is found on computer terminals you can peruse at your own pace or skip entirely, Metroid Prime style (thanks Akk).  Sometimes it gets too preachy for my liking, but since the game discusses philosophy to some degree, that's inevitable.Bad stuff:- It doesn't affect the gameplay at all, but there's no option to tell Milton he's a♥♥♥♥♥♥  He uses a lot of logical fallacies in his arguments, and the game tells you either to fall for it or admit he's right - no option to call him out on his asshattery most of the time.- The movement, jumping especially, is clunky as ♥♥♥♥. As expected, since it runs on the Serious engine.- Due to a combination of map oversights, game mechanics, and awkward movement, it's way too easy to glitch the game and get into out-of-bounds areas.  Maybe it's because I'm inhumanely amazing at finding bugs, but I found holes in a lot of maps, especially the later ones.  Finding and subsequently abusing them made the game a lot more fun, though, especially considering its philosophical themes.  Too bad most of the levels had no paint where I could make my mark on the top of a tower or under the map or something.- The star in A3 holy sweet jesus ♥♥♥♥- le epin MINECRAFT JOEKS XDDDD lol its WHEATELY :^^^^^^^^^^^^^^)                                       ♥♥♥♥Music is okay.  It's mostly ambience or really peaceful music.I give it an 8/10."
,Recommended,257510,23849133,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,AlmightyTreeGod,"This game will take your brain and ♥♥♥♥ it. Yep, it'll ♥♥♥♥ it reeeeaaaal good. Then it will call your mother and make her say things to you that make you wonder if you're alive. Or is it the game saying these things? I can't tell, but I can no longer run to mommy.Want a philosophy lesson? Here it is: THIS GAME OWNS YOUR SOUL.It's SO GOOD, you'll thank it and call it master... and still feel like a badass.Try to get all the stars without internet access. I DARE YOU.Seriously, though, this is probably the best indie game ever made."
76561198014834130,Recommended,257510,13673136,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,anarchaic,What a fantastic game!  5 stars!
,Recommended,257510,29627317,Posted: 1 February,all,kn0bbulo,"I started believing in God, then teamed up with Satan and finally decided to screw up everything and abandon myself into the eternal void. 10/10 would question the ethics of a frog again"
,Recommended,257510,22232608,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,tonyawinter,I love this game! Lots of puzzles but also enough freedom it feels more like a sandbox.
,Recommended,257510,22385143,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Novacane,"I couldtryto discribe the sensation of listening to the voice of god, fumbling around with light emmiters and cubes, trying to collect puzzle pieces all while your brain lost in thought about the nature of excistance. But you should probably just play the game.Trippy/10"
,Recommended,257510,22406742,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Chrogion,"Excellent puzzle game. Beautiful scenery. Portal fans will love this one.The game can be a bit tedious sometimes with a lot running back and forth and trying to arrange things so that they work nicely together, but overall it's really worth it.The Road to Ghenna is also a solid DLC that adds even more cool puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,21345098,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Elohim,"This game makes you question everything: ""Is there a god?"" , ""Does God exist"", ""What is my purpose?"", ""Am I just having a bad trip?"", the more you play this game the more you question your very existance and why you're even alive at all as you struggle with the impossible puzzles in the middle of it all.Right of the bat, I got this game because of the level design, but thats not the only thing worth mentioning about it. The voice acting is also on point. Graphics was good for its time and cant even run full max on my 3k gaming pc (SeemsGood).So TLR: If you're asking the big question then this is the game to answer it (or partly answer it (At least for me))."
,Recommended,257510,21570478,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Fernan,"My honest opinionI love this game. I've played through all 3 endings.Some of the riddles have been really challenging - time consuming.The easter eggs are fantastic.It's a heavy game, if you're not used to getting mind♥♥♥♥ed by philosophy etc.10/10 from me."
76561198056176852,Recommended,257510,14218897,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,EagleThrust,"Lasers, cubes, fans, holograms, and a cat."
,Recommended,257510,29433356,Posted: 22 January,all,☢Hazard☢,Best game I've ever played.
,Recommended,257510,14915445,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Whores are just public toilets,"more like ""RapeSimulator 2012"""
,Recommended,257510,17522152,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,wllmkphrt,"This game is perfect. Lots of puzzles challenge you with interesting mechanics combined with beautiful environments and an atmospheric soundtrack, and nonlinear gameplay allows you to go back and forth between different puzzles if you get stuck. Optional advanced puzzles requiring cross puzzle thinking and other non traditional thinking reward you with stars, which unlock the hardest puzzles in the locked star levels. This world is rich with backstory which can be discovered at whatever pace you desire, and the philosophical discussions with the Milton Library Assistant will have you pondering the nature of consciousness, the purpose of humanity, and the role of technology in our future while solving the puzzles and even when away from the game."
,Recommended,257510,22824818,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,maudibawakemana,I hate puzzle games. But I love Talos Principle.10/10
76561197974725957,Recommended,257510,22817970,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Naphtali,"What can I say? This game was on my wishlist for a year or more. I just got it today on sale for $10. Best $10 I've ever spent on Steam. I am running this game on all ultra settings, 4k resolution, 4k MPIX, 2x AA, V-SYNC and Tripple Buffering. I get close to 60 FPS most of the time. I'm thinking about turning AA off since I am playing at 4k. It is one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. The music is great. It is so atmospheric. Well enough typing let me get back to it!"
,Recommended,257510,22656925,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,mindblaster42,good fun puzzler
76561198126748395,Recommended,257510,25465359,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,x),"I have only just about scratched the surface of this game and already I feel the need to recommend this game to anyone, especially those with a love of puzzle games like Portal, and games shrouded in mystery where you feel compelled to learn more, like Shadow Of The Colossus."
,Recommended,257510,16521655,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,beastsauron,"Amazing , how games should be made :)"
,Recommended,257510,16506212,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hyanar,"I bought this on theSteam Summer Sale 2015as I wasn't sure if I would actually enjoy it, but I was mistaken.The puzzles are engaging and challenging.The music is fantastic and really sets the tone of the game.The textures, scenery and landscapes are all superbly brilliant.As of writing this I don't even have 2 hours played, so I will update this review in the future."
,Recommended,257510,30846686,Posted: 30 March,all,EbonyDark'nessDementiaRavenWay,"One of my all-time favorite games... not only is it philosophical and contains incredible puzzles, but it also somehow manages to be really calming while simulaneously unnerving (but in the best possible way). Love it love it love it."
76561197981019039,Recommended,257510,34802055,Posted: 7 September,all,WTR,"Unique, nice and mystical, puzzles are nice, a world past this one. Enjoy it with a cup of tea if you can!"
,Recommended,257510,34788599,Posted: 6 September,all,Voydangel,"This game is so thought provoking and awesome, words cannot describe how amazing it is. I would write more but I'm too busy playing this game. I will try and come back later and write more, but suffice it to say that this game as deeply intellectually stimulating as it is beautiful and will make you question what it means to be a thinking, feeling, conscious being just as much as it will make you simply gape at its beautiful scenery."
,Recommended,257510,34796663,Posted: 7 September,all,Wynathan,"I've never seen that magnificent views in any game before!And there are puzzles, yes. Complicated and sophisticated ones as well.Anyway, a must have!"
76561198107122529,Recommended,257510,34825541,Posted: 8 September,all,Löwe,"This game is gripping. Excellent visuals, puzzles, and story. Not too short of a game. I'm currently at 24 hours and am almost at the end of the story.It will make you question existence and your own intelligence. The music is good too.9/10"
,Recommended,257510,26011598,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Fabio,"Even if I put every single positive superlative in a 10-page long text, it still wouldn't be enough to sumarize what this game is and, ultimately, feels like to play.If I was forced to pick one word to describe it, that word would be ""Masterpiece""."
,Recommended,257510,27191327,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yoshey,"A game with way too many puzzles to count, way too many secrets to discover.Adding to that, you learn so many grea things about philosophy, Artifical Intelligence and much more during the playtime. The problems and dangers that come with such intelligence.This is one of the best puzzle games that I played so far."
,Recommended,257510,34568481,Posted: 28 August,all,Paidian,"Talos the mighty! Talos the unerring! Talos the unassailable! To you we give praise! We are but maggots, writhing in the filth of our own corruption! While you have ascended from the dung of mortality, and now walk among the stars!But you were once man! Aye! And as man, you said, ""Let me show you the power of Talos Stormcrown, born of the North, where my breath is long winter. I breathe now, in royalty, and reshape this land which is mine. I do this for you, Red Legions, for I love you.""Aye, love. Love! Even as man, great Talos cherished us. For he saw in us, in each of us, the future of Skyrim! The future of Tamriel!And there it is, friends! The ugly truth! We are the children of man! Talos is the true god of man! Ascended from flesh, to rule the realm of spirit!The very idea is inconceivable to our Elven overlords! Sharing the heavens with us? With man? Ha! They can barely tolerate our presence on earth!Today, they take away your faith. But what of tomorrow? What then? Do the elves take your homes? Your businesses? Your children? Your very lives?And what does the Empire do? Nothing! Nay, worse than nothing! The Imperial machine enforces the will of the Thalmor! Against its own people!So rise up! Rise up, children of the Empire! Rise up, Stormcloaks! Embrace the word of mighty Talos, he who is both man and Divine!For we are the children of man! And we shall inherit both the heavens and the earth! And we, not the Elves or their toadies, will rule Skyrim! Forever!Terrible and powerful Talos! We, your unworthy servants, give praise! For only through your grace and benevolence may we truly reach enlightenment!And deserve our praise you do, for we are one! Ere you ascended and the Eight became Nine, you walked among us, great Talos, not as god, but as man!Trust in me, Whiterun! Trust in the words of Heimskr! For I am the chosen of Talos! I alone have been anointed by the Ninth to spread his holy word!*************************************************************************************************************************************Oh yeah, and this game has absolutely nothing to do with that Talos. It's a pretty neat puzzle game, although I still think it'd be better if we could shout away things and eat 21837198327 cheese wheels to heal ourselves but you know, game design differences."
,Recommended,257510,17203825,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,tomsolo,54 34 4C 4F 53 20 49 53 20 41 20 47 52 33 41 5420 47 34 4D 45 2C 20 4A 55 53 54 20 4E 33 33 4420 41 20 48 45 58 33 44 31 54 4F 52 20 46 30 5220 52 45 56 33 34 4C 20 34 4C 4C 20 48 31 44 4445 4E 20 54 33 58 54 53 20 3A 20 42 59 20 54 53
,Recommended,257510,26077264,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,sOIIOs,mentalbreakdown.exemindblow.exemind♥♥♥♥ing.exe
,Recommended,257510,29960236,Posted: 16 February,all,McGregor,"Simply one of the best puzzle games I've ever played. Just buy it if you enjoy puzzles in any way, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,257510,19548018,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,// M I S E R Y //,"This game is the game you want to play waking up in the morning, drinking your morning coffee. It gives you chills as your mind has to work. We are smart creatures and this is the video game to prove it. This video game is worth your money and your time of course.After playing this video game you will be confused about reality and failure.Reality is an illusion. So, failure is.Take your time and have fun!"
,Recommended,257510,25097597,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Chemo,"Very content heavy, all of the main sigil puzzles can be beaten without any outside guide. Trying to get to the games many easter eggs and hidden star sigils though will be a huge challange, admitedly, I had to look up 1 or two star sigis.(Have a smartphone on hand)You could very well skip the story elements of this game and have nothing detremental to the actual gameplay, though it is there if you want to chase for some achievements and alternate endings and are a nice edition to the game."
76561198012374319,Recommended,257510,35047923,Posted: 18 September,all,Le Cid,Interesting and thought-provoking puzzle game that offers a good challenge.
76561198055555262,Recommended,257510,13366011,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Terickle,No words are  good enough for this game.
76561198053348324,Recommended,257510,31296756,Posted: 22 April,all,duschatten,It's better than portal 2
,Recommended,257510,19863637,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,「起来」 Krit,"GOTY 2014. You can argue it's not the most deep philosophy in the world, but it's presented in such a way that makes a concept that's relatively simple in modern times blow you away.Pros:+ The Soundtrack is wonderfully made, every piece compliments its surroundings perfectly.+ A branching story with multiple endings that don't feel identical to each other.+ Secrets and extra content that's well hidden and gives you some incentive to play it a second time, that and the multiple endings.+ Dialogue that's wonderfully written, thousands of times better than mine at least.+ Beautiful environment design with graphics that might as well be porn.Cons:- If philosophy is your thing, and you've read lots of it, it might seem amateur-ish to you.- The hidden ending is a bit underdeveloped, but it's not flat out disappointing."
,Recommended,257510,20040305,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Toni,Pros:-many puzzles-story-puzzle mechanics-pacing-stars good challengeCons:-normal puzzles often too easy-static sound interruptions annoying after a while-repeated puzzle partsRating:Best Game ever
,Not Recommended,257510,30347461,Posted: 5 March,all,Tagger24 ☯,"In my opinion the game plays like a generic brand Portal with some subtle hints of philosophy that don't add too much to the game. The majority of the puzzles aren't very hard and the other few have one tricky part that may take a little bit longer to figure out. A few of the star locations are ridiculous and will most like not be found unless you look up a guide. There are a few audio logs to listen to but many more texts and QR codes which tedious and so uninteresting that I stopped reading them part way through the game (Maybe they get better later on, I dont know). It took several times longer to beat than portal yet it felt much less fulfilling. That might be a high standard for comparison but those are my thoughts.If you want an easy puzzle game with a very light touch of 'deeper meaning', get this for a few dollars. Otherwise I would say its not worth it."
,Recommended,257510,24107735,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,FelixTheJudge,A program inside of a program arguging with a program about whats a program and whats not a program. Is fun.
,Recommended,257510,20827236,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Haigotron,"We need more smart first person puzzle games like this!PROS- tough but fair puzzles (for the most part), feels great when you solve them- non-linear path to completing the game- responsive and comfortable controls (carried objects snap to logical places)- multiple endings- interesting narrative with philosophical themes- feeling of loneliness in beautiful worlds- lots of nooks and crannies to explore in each world- wonderful soundtrackCONS- I like my share of tetromino puzzles...but there are too many, which slows down the pace sometimes- some of the later tools are not as exciting- some puzzles seem like déjà-vu- resetting a puzzle resets ALL the puzzles in that world"
,Recommended,257510,13323827,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,NurseJosh,If you liked portal. You're gonna love solving puzzles in The Talos Principle
,Recommended,257510,15214851,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,mavna,Thank you for bringing another awesome game to Linux!
,Recommended,257510,15204573,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Rex Croatorum,This is the best Puzzle game ever. It's better than Portal franchise.
,Recommended,257510,13735757,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,BIGjonas,"By far my  favorite game of the year!I would pay 50 dollars for this game and even gift it to other people so they could experience what i´ve been through.the narration  -A+++the immersion -A+++the challenge -A+++the Ending -A+++really, didnt saw any negative aspect of it xD Stop reading!go buy  the freaking game!"
76561198055686524,Recommended,257510,22624522,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,bassman9000,"A masterpiece. You find yourself pushing for sigils and stars, while engaging in humanity's destiny subplot."
,Recommended,257510,22652872,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Cardigait75,Gorgeous.Beautiful puzzle solving.Beautiful graphics.Beautiful philosophy/story.
,Recommended,257510,13615828,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kasoi,"Greatgame.There are fewpuzzlegamesof such caliber, but this one is definetely one ofthe best."
,Recommended,257510,13332566,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,PoisonBlack [CRO],An amazing puzzle game that everyone should try. I only played for 2 hours and I'm in love. At first the puzzles are easy but then you have to use your head. Awesome graphics and awesome maps. I rate it 10/10.
76561198044537664,Recommended,257510,13346807,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,KFC Gravy,on its way to being my game of 2014. Completely amazing!
76561198044619886,Not Recommended,257510,17254076,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Papa Grandma,"While the puzzles are great. The game feels souless. The deep-voiced guide has no real character. While I'm a little curious about the story behind the scenes; there aren't any human elements there to be interesting. Also, pretty graphics don't mean good level design. Outside of the puzzles the world is dull, gorgeous, but dull. There needs to be more of a human element to keep me engaged. Games like Portal & Thomas Was Alone understand this."
76561198086018336,Recommended,257510,22821287,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ice 9,thumbs up. words cant explain.
,Recommended,257510,14586631,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,S7.RainbowDash,"This game is too freaking good. In a world where all my gaming time is almost all spent on dota 2, this game made my flame rekindle for solo gaming. The world is beautiful, the voice acting is great, is looks amazing, puzzles are fun, challenging, welcoming for casual, with greater rewards for more hardcore puzzle solvers. I grabbed it at full price and, for such a high quality game I recommand everyone who wants it to encourage the devs and buy it full price, it is 120% worth it. And if you are left wanting more like I was, because it was so addicting, workshop and the community will help you with that."
,Recommended,257510,23208231,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,G R E E N // グリーン,10/10Amazing experience.
,Recommended,257510,23162386,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Sereri,10 / 10 would solve again
,Recommended,257510,24778098,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,iPlayNak3d,"In my opinion talos is better than portal!Both are great games but the places,puzzles and story of talos made me love it!!And its hard  af to complete it 100%!!"
76561197972672947,Recommended,257510,27263868,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Isnogood,One of the best puzzle games of this generation.
,Recommended,257510,23339971,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,OldWhovian,"Even with several thousand hours of gaming in my life so far...I can without a doubt say this is the best game I've ever played.  Whether you're in this game for the puzzles, the scenery, the story, or the philosophy; this will most certainly be an experience worth much more than the price.  If you haven't bought this game yet, do it.  If you have bought it and haven't played it, make it a priority.  Do everything.  Explore every level.  Read every log.  Find every computer.  Get every star and sigil.  Finish the secret levels.  Release the messengers.  Play out the ending that fits you best, then do the rest.11 out of 10 - Will be forcing my child to play this."
,Recommended,257510,23163408,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,hsdelivery,SENSACIONAL UM DOS MELHORES PUZZLES QUE JA JOGUEI
76561197992036311,Recommended,257510,23163080,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,shamandan,"Amazing game! easy at the beginning, getting tougher at the end"
,Recommended,257510,31830839,Posted: 18 May,all,Sad Panda,Best puzzle game
,Recommended,257510,15890868,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Joller,"Gameplay= 7/10- The thing I really like is that you can play this both casual and non-casual, since there are different levels you just need to choose from. The game launches quite quickly so if you just feel like doing one puzzle because you're waiting for something then just go ahead and do it. The difficulty increases as the game progresses, which is quite hard for the developers to achieve.AI= N/AGraphics= 7/10- Very good graphics, which brings an amazing atmosphere.Details= 8/10- The game looks quite realistic. There are a lot of completely useless areas that you don't need to go to but if you ever feel like having a nice walk around the cozy enviroment, then you can.Replayability= 3/10- This is the sad part, it's a puzzle game which is really boring to replay since you already have solved the puzzles. The worst part is that you have to replay the game to get all of the achievements, due to multiple choices in the game.Music= 8/10- I love the music. It really fits and is kinda relaxing to listen to while doing some puzzles.Sound= 8/10- Meh. Some birds chirping in the background etc. But because of the emptiness you start to feel some loneliness or sadness. I really like that.Glitchfree= 7/10- Hm, I've experienced some glitches that were really annoying that took around 20 minutes of my life.Community= N/A- I don't really know what to say here.Developers= N/A- The creators of Serious Sam eh... ♥♥♥♥ I don't know♥♥♥♥♥♥about the devs.Story= 9/10- A great story line. The writer is the same writer for ""The Swapper"" which also has a great storyline. The game made me think for what it actually means to be a human and how to differ them between robots.""A perfect ending for a perfect game."" is what I said when I finished it.Length= Medium- It took me 20 Hours of gameplay to fully complete the game. (All secrets, stars and stuff like that.)Optimization= 7/10- You can switch from Third Person to First Person.The usual graphic options but that's probably all I need for this game.DLC= Expensive- The DLC seems to not be worth it according to other reviews. So I'd suggest not getting it.----------FINAL RESULT = 84/100"
,Recommended,257510,13496409,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,WooX,Good
76561197970373812,Recommended,257510,23276567,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,win3k,Pretty much close to flawless. Gaming Nirvana.
,Recommended,257510,13762266,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,MF1,IRC! Old testament! Kittens! 0110011001100001011010010111010001101000! Tetris! Keyboards that go 'clack'!
,Recommended,257510,20175677,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jehan,"This game is amazing, think portal 2 on steroids without the portals (if that makes sense). So the graphics are nice, the story and choices are amazing somewhat on a biblical level. Easily you can get immersed and loose tons of hours of your life! I had to use some other peoples walk throughs on some of the puzzles so if you like a challenge this is it. I played through both the main game and the DLC and I have yet to crush the Prototype. So pic it up if this is your style of gameplay and enjoy (dont punch your monitor) the hard long levels of this game. I rate it a A++ :)"
,Recommended,257510,22982318,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Nobody_Home,It makes me feel smart.
,Recommended,257510,22986062,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,CastVenus,"though its meant to be about using your brain to get around puzzles (and some are challenging)I think it relaxes me and calms me more than makes me think, this game is one of the greatest puzzle games ive ever played"
,Recommended,257510,30676076,Posted: 22 March,all,JReesW,One of the best games I have ever played. Any puzzle lover shoud buy this.
,Recommended,257510,15315983,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Skeeter The Lurker,This is what Portal wishes it could be.~STL
,Recommended,257510,17881960,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Ultraviper,"It's like Portal, but without portals or humor. Which actually sounds terrible but it's not!"
,Recommended,257510,17202553,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,sfn,It's good.
,Recommended,257510,15159371,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Edgy,way cool
,Recommended,257510,15283510,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Folstream,"Good puzzle game with an interesting story and tons of content. If you liked the Portal games you will probably like this, although this game has a more serious theme to it and more complicated puzzles. Great soundtrack and gorgeous graphics/environments. Buy it."
,Recommended,257510,16974680,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,ADT | Phaiz [SKVR],One of the best games I have ever played. You will find yourself scratching your head a lot trying to solve some of these puzzles and answer the questions the AI terminal asks of you.10/10
,Recommended,257510,17336676,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Lite,"The Talos Principle is an excellent first-person puzzler with many refreshing mechanics.It is reminiscent of the Portal series, but the puzzles are more complex.While there wasn't any point in the game where I was completely stuck and had to look online for a solution, the puzzles were still enjoyable.The story is also a unique one, drawing from aspects of cognitive psychology.What is it to mean have consciousness? What is the point in life? Do we actually have free will?These are all questions one explores while playing the game with the guidance of a well-voiced ""god"".My only complaint is the lack of variety music, so you end up having to listen to the same thing over and over again."
,Recommended,257510,15666498,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Jaedar,"The Talos Principle is a puzzle game with a philosophical bent. The puzzles are not very original, consisting of creates, switches, lasers and the good ole newgrounds-copy-yourself mechanic. They are still fun to solve, but the lack of originality is noticeable and veteran puzzlers will probably breeze through a lot of the game. The puzzles that are actually cool are the ones that force you to think outside the box, to elaborate: The game is divided into 3 hubs, each divided into 7 levels, further divided into a handful of puzzles. Each puzzle is self contained in a walled off area. However, each level typically also has a star, which often require you to think outside each puzzle, and combine the resources found in each, and finding and solving these can be a real challenge.The philosophy is mostly about the nature of humanity and what it means to be alive and a person. I thought it was very cool, but it doesn't reach any conclusions(it might be one should not expect answers to thousand year olds philosophical queries in a video game, or at all). Even so, the story and audio/text logs is what carries you through most of the game, as the puzzles are not rewarding enough on their own, but together they become very compelling. Unfortunately, towards the end of the game, there is less non-puzzle content, and the final puzzle item is very boring, so the last few levels can be a bit of a slog.If you think this sounds interesting, I thoroughly recommend the demo so you can form a first hand opinion. It consists of  ~90% puzzles not found in the main game, so you won't really be spoiled.It's a good game."
76561198104036352,Recommended,257510,33057238,Posted: 30 June,all,jetqblue,"If you like the Portal games, you'll likely enjoy this. If not then don't buy.It's worth maybe $5."
,Recommended,257510,17275405,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Anime Avatars Get Blocked,"One of the best if not the best puzzle game in my opinion (although, I don't like and don't play puzzle games very much, but this is a rare exception). Not only the puzzles are well designed, challenging and not frustrating when you can't find the solution (you can switch the puzzle to come back later). But what makes it special and truly exceptional is the setting and the thought-provoking story unfolding as you progress. Requires some investment and reading, but well worth it - will make you question the nature of phenomena such as existence, consciousness, soul, transhumanism etc.The best graphics options menu in video games history; the visuals are beatiful and captivating.The musical score is mesmerizing, somewhat melancholic and fits the gameplay and the tone of the game perfectly. I highly recommend you check it out, since it's worth listening to on its own.What is, perhaps, surprising is that it was made by Croteam - Serious Sam devs, which might seem strange, but they've nailed it.Overall, pleasant and powerful experience."
,Recommended,257510,23638620,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,darkbochi,Talos Principle is a first person puzzle game where you also come across some philosophical arguements by interacting with computer terminals in game. You could probably finish the game without reading anything at all but that would ruin the fun of it.
76561198066517170,Recommended,257510,25870894,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Tidegiant,"Really excellent game. Smart and wonderful puzzles...The only problem for me is the motion sickness. Although they make options about it, none of them seems to work on me (i don't know why though, it is the very first game i have ever experience this)."
76561198134293498,Recommended,257510,22815526,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,chakotay,"I love this game. Nice graphic and music, interesting story and perfect puzzles. I'm sad that I already finished it. But there is a DLC. Hooray!"
,Recommended,257510,21636795,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,JADERNIJ|ALKASHI,ok this game is exelent well even for solo play graphics are way better than portal2 its brain activity game like portal  yea it wuld be peter on coop i gues  more funn but well this game haves my recomendations :)
,Recommended,257510,20139233,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,D!!,"One of the best games on this planet, really."
,Recommended,257510,33990015,Posted: 3 August,all,AsianChineseGuy,Frogs are human too!
,Recommended,257510,13903097,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Francessco,"This game is now one of my all-time favourite games. The Talos Principle is an incredible puzzle game that has one of the most in-depth story lines I've ever seen in a video game. It challenges not only you to solve puzzles, but it challenges life as we know it.I completely recommend this to anyone who is interested in a game with a amazing original story and a long puzzle game.This game isn't over quick, but worth every minute.You can learn a ton from this game."
,Recommended,257510,15755078,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Zed Clampet,"Just a brilliant game with spatial puzzles and a story that keeps you thinking and wanting to get to the end.  If you enjoyed the Portal series, you'll almost certainly enjoy this--so long as you don't mind an interesting story and philisophical elements replacing the great humor of Portal."
76561198166491431,Recommended,257510,31089730,Posted: 11 April,all,KK,Amazing game
,Recommended,257510,14616816,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,control9,The game is absolutely ultimately awesome. Best puzzle since the release of Portal.
,Recommended,257510,31144572,Posted: 14 April,all,Flipzer,"This game is really something else.A very well-made puzzle game, where you solve puzzles for a guy called Elohim.As you journey through several different ""lands"" that Elohim grants you access to, solving puzzles, you find documents on terminals.These documents are sometimes very philosophical, and other times they are funny as hell.Oh, and I forgot to mention the fact that you play the role of a conscious android trying to make sense of life, it's great!I can't really say much more about it without spoiling the experience, so I will just say this:Don't sleep on this game, it is different, but it is REALLY good :)Buy it!"
76561198173986850,Recommended,257510,21632448,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,dixon sider,"this game reminds me of differential equasions. you think you understand it until you get to the next test, and you realize you know nothing.love it"
,Recommended,257510,20255938,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,wh1te,"Relaxing, Challenging"
76561198004623376,Recommended,257510,16712815,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Mr. D,"Wow.It's hard to describe my feelings, having beat this game less than ten minutes ago. I did not expect to be moved as much as I was by a ""Portal 2 style puzzle game"", but then again, The Talos Principle is full of surprises. As a philosophy buff, the questions the game subtly asks of the player are both enjoyable and truly thought-provoking. This angle may not be for everybody, though, so if you want a game purely for entertainment, this may not be the game for you.But a game's worth isn't measured by how deeply it makes you contemplate what it means to be human. It's measured in the more quantifiable aspects like graphics, gameplay, performance, voice acting, storyline, music, etc etc. I'll break all that down too:Graphics: 9/10.The Talos Principle is beautiful. The three main ""settings"" don't overstay their welcome, and each ""stage"" usually has a unique flavor- whether it's a small Greek island, a snowy Medieval castle, or an ancient Egyptian tomb. One thing I really enjoyed about the game is the semi-frequent graphical ""glitches"" which occur- purposely- and help immerse you in the setting. I'd give the graphics 10/10, but the shadows are very poorly detailed and I experienced some very minor issues.Gameplay: 10/10This is the meat of the game. It plays a lot like the original Portal, in that you basically solve puzzle after puzzle to appease a disembodied voice. Things are not what they seem, however, and the occasional scrap of information you glean from various computer terminals really help keep you creating theories and ideas about the ""world"" you're in. I don't want to spoil anything, but there are a lot of parallels you could make to Portal here, beyond just the puzzle-based gameplay. And speaking of puzzles, on the whole they are a lot of fun! Puzzles utilize different mechanics that you slowly unlock by progressing through the game, and no mechanic ever gets boring or frustrating (there are 7 total mechanics, 5 of which unlock as the game progresses). Puzzles utilize different combinations of these mechanics, and some puzzles are legitimately astounding- in particular, I recall a relatively simple puzzle later in the game, titled ""Nexus"", which blew my mind upon completion of the puzzle. Each puzzle rewards a ""sigil"". There are also ""stars"" you can find, which are generally much more difficult to locate and retrieve, and often involve utilizing multiple puzzles in a stage to unlock them. Out of 30 stars, I was able to find about 10 entirely independently, another dozen through use of a ""hint"" guide, and the final 8 I just had to look up the solutions to. Some are seemingly impossible to get, but for the most part the difficulty of them is just high enough that getting them is a challenge but not tiring. Ultimately, I can't believe how much this game hooked me with its gameplay- the only other puzzle game I enjoyed was Portal (and Portal 2), and I did not believe another game in its style would trump it.Performance: 8/10The game auto-assessed my hardware to ""ultra"" settings on everything, but occasionally I encountered screen tearing, minor lockups, and on one occasion, a complete freeze which left me to restart the game in ""safe mode"" (which is awesome that the game has it!). Nothing groundbreaking, as the game autosaves very frequently, and load times are almost nonexistant. Overall, I'm really pleased with how the game ran on my PC.Voice Acting: 10/10While the main character is mute, there are a few characters who regularly speak to you. The voices are appropriate, and you really get a sense of who each voice belongs to. It's hard to describe, but ultimately I felt the voices were perfect. Somewhat related, the sub-titles are also very well synced to the voices, and often I found myself pausing simply to listen to what was being said to me.Storyline: 10/10I'm sure some people would rate the story of this game as a 5/10, but as an ex-philosophy major, I found the story to be engaging and thought-provoking. You start out knowing nothing, but slowly cobble together bits and pieces of what the world you're in is, who the voices are who speak to you, why you are doing these puzzles, and ultimately, your purpose in all of this. While the actual ""story"", per se, is rather slow, the worldbuilding, character development, immersion, and ultimately enjoyment I got out of the game is out of the scope of a ten-point scale, and really beyond words.tl;dr Overall score: 10/10This is the kind of game I want to talk about with my friends, the kind of game I want my parents to play, the kind of game I get excited about when people tell me they've played it. The kind of game I'm happy got created, and even happier that I got to experience it. It's not everybody's cup of tea, sure, but games like this, well, remind me what is so amazing about being human.PS- I would never have expected such a riveting, meaningful, immersive game from the team that developed Serious Sam. :)"
,Recommended,257510,18858088,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Technoxtic,"MINOR SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEWThe Talos Principle is an indie puzzle game developed by Croteam, surprisingly the same team who developed the Serious Sam series. It also has the honor of being one of my favourite games of all time. I find it incredible that a team most well known for their development of a humorous, testosterone heavy FPS would be able to develop such a smart and stimulating philosophical journey.You play as a robot(?) who has awoken in a mysterious world with seemingly no answers to what your purpose is or why it is that you even exist in the first place. All that accompanys you is that of the disembodied voice of a man known as Elohim and he tasks you with collecting various sigils in order to achieve 'enlightenment.' However, your journey comes with one condition; you must not climb the Great Tower, for if you do you will surely die. Should you believe this mysterious god-like force known as Elohim? Or should you forge your own path and find the truth for yourself? That is for you to decide. The plot of the game is a personal highlight as you are presented with terminals scattered across your journal filled with philosophical tellings and strange diary entries from those who came before you detailing a seemingly disastrous event. As you proceed through the game's events I HIGHLY recommend you read all the terminals, QR codes and any other little tidbits you come across. They all provide you with a greater understanding of what you're goal is and upon the games completion, you'll have a much better apreciation for the experince. That said, I do believe some of the philosophical stories that were presented were a little 'heavy-handed' and had little to do with the narrative by it's conclusion. These entries were few and far between but their removal would not do the game any real disservice. What I did notice is that the less of the plot and story you know going in, the better the epxerience you will have. Aim to go in blind and you certainly will be in for a ride.The Talos Principle is a first person puzzler, much in the same vein as Portal, but the similarities end there. Each puzzle is designed in such a way that upon its conlusion you are rewarded with s sigil. These sigils are used to open up more levels in the game and allow for the progression of the narrative. Alongside these sigils are also elusive 'star sigils'. These sigils require the player to use the elements of certain puzzle in order to gain access to the 'star sigils' locale. Rather than the use of a portal creation device as you do in the Portal games, the player must use the various items at their disposal in the Talos Principle. From lazer redirectors and cubes, to fans and even time manipulation devices, The Talos Principle uses numerous gameplay employments as a means to ensure the plaer is constantly entertained. And boy do you remian enterained. You're never bored as you traverse the 100+ puzzle rooms due to the large number of different scenarios placed in fornt of you. Croteam has done an impeccable job in their puzzle design as well. I never felt as though I was getting frustrated or that the solution to a puzzle was a cheap game mechanic. Instead, I felt the game had a very nice pace to it's puzzles and that each room's answer was just a matter of thinking outside the box and using what I'd learnt in the puzzles prior to my advantage. Overall, each puzzle is sprinkiled with just enough difficulty to allow for many satisfying 'OF COURSE!' moments.Another fantastic aspect of the Talos Principle is its graphics and performance. The game looks gorgeous on max settings, though has enough options to allow for even the lower specced PCs to do the job. The enviornments are varied and truly convey a feeling of loneliness to the player. Furthermore, the game runs fantastically as well, I was able to maintain a consisitent 60FPS through my whole experience in the game. Croteam have done a truly marvelous job here.Upon the conclusion of the Talos Principle, I am a changed man. Through the games beautiful surroundings, challenging puzzles and mindblowing philosophical developments, I have a newfound appreciation for the world around me. Do yourself a favour and give the Talos Principle a go. You surely won't regret it."
,Recommended,257510,14390970,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,eg :(,The computers in this game are unreasonable and will always outsmart you. 11/10
,Recommended,257510,13938579,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,QubaVR,"This kind of came out of nowhere (at least for me). A brilliant 3D puzzler based of simple mechanics that allow progressively more and more difficult levels. Wrapped in a story about coming of age, of sorts, well... an AI awakening. Add beautiful presentation, tons of smart easter eggs, hidden stars and bonus levels for completionists, steam workshop support - and you have yourself a title to satisfy that void you've been feeling since you stopped playing Portal 2.It's not all perfect - the story drags on a bit and is delivered in a bit too rhythmical fashion - after a while you will be able to easily predict when will the story bits interrupt the play, when will a new message be received and so on. That's really splitting hairs though.Talos Principle is a brilliant game, well worth having, especially if you like testing your logical and three-dimensional thinking.And a robot holding a cat? Despite what people say, it IS possible to see it in-game."
76561197979267717,Recommended,257510,15229759,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Inco_von_Usti,"So much more than a simple puzzle game.Whatever you think you know about what it means to be human, Milton Library Assistant will stretch your beliefs to the limit.Whether they break or strengthen, you'll come out a better person."
,Recommended,257510,13623766,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Oggab0gga,"I bought this game out of  nowhere, to be honest. I saw it was on sale, and saw that it had overwhelmingly positive reviews. So i bought it.The game is fantastic - it is one of the most thought provoking games i have ever played. A large aspect of the game is discussing philosophy with the terminals - of which question your every thought, which in turn makes you think about ideas previously ignored. The interaction with the terminals is my favourite part, to be honest.The puzzles are also fun and rewarding. Some are easy, but then they become progressively harder and more time consuming. I believe it is a better game with regards to puzzles than Portal.Not only the storyline  and the gameplay is fantastic, but also the graphics and atmosphere. All of the worlds provide you with a unique atmosphere and theme, all of which are equally beautiful. The textures could be improved, but that would require a more powerful engine, i presume.I think this game may be my favourite game of all time, and i hope for a sequel!"
76561198021658829,Recommended,257510,13861883,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Lion El' Johnson,This is the game all logical thinkers have been waiting for. Explore every inch of this game and then discuss what it is to be human with like minded people... or machines :DCannot get enough.
,Recommended,257510,14564189,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Spooky Clean Boy,It made me cry 11/10
,Recommended,257510,15446599,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Rorrim,I really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really recommend this game.No copy/paste used. That's how much I recommend it.
76561198082481079,Recommended,257510,23909032,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,PhantomScar1987,"If you liked Portal you'll like this game. It's pretty much like Portal, you have to complete the puzzles to get access to new puzzles. As you progress in the game, the puzzles become more complicated and you'll have to use the skills you obtained by defeating the earlier puzzles.Overall, the game is very good, but some of the puzzles I found to be very boring, like the ones where you have to use the recording skill.Beware though, once you complete the game by entering the doors to heaven, you lose access to the second ending because the game brings you back to the beginning. All you have to do to do the other ending is not entering the doors to heaven or entering them, going back to the beginning, hitting menu and choosing ""restore backup"".The first time I entered the doors to heaven, then I got back to the beginning and freaked out thinking all my hard work was lost."
,Recommended,257510,19345591,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,*^SaoSin^*,"1.Apparently he is good, apparently also trueConjured the image of their world and meReportedly light in the darkness, faith gives powerSafe haven, eternal life for those who want it.Ref.And my God has got in hands a lightningHurling thunderbolts, receives lifeThis is my God himself is lost in meBecause when he sees me, turns his eyes2.Hope amid tears, the love that isIn me and you,us and self in something like the meaning and content,Apparently freedom in it, supposedly joy in itWhich are given to us, inexhaustible, only to take and liveRef.And my God has got in hands a lightningHurling thunderbolts, receives lifeThis is my God himself is lost in meBecause when he sees me, turns his eyesMy guardian angel immediately above meI reached for the skyGives one million tips and infinite Lord of the heavensLooks in my side, when the world is on head!Ref.And my God has got in hands a lightningHurling thunderbolts, receives lifeThis is my God himself is lost in meBecause when he sees me, turns his eyesHe turns.. ""IRA- Mój Bóg"""
,Recommended,257510,22077886,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mount C,Wow! I never really though about the possibility of a game being so deep! This game builds such a wonderful world and raises so many phylosophical questions!
,Recommended,257510,13919518,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Cheddle,"An elightning game that will unsteady your belives of what it means to be concious, aware and human - all the while presenting puzzles that will challenge you and satisfy you once complete.Highly reccomended"
76561198008709578,Recommended,257510,17476871,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Magnergy,Pretty nice.  Wish I had that jetpack more often though.
76561198136971113,Recommended,257510,16568074,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,agold007,yes
,Recommended,257510,25529721,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,WIIISHMASTER  CSGOTRINITY.COM,10/10 its just amazing puzzles
,Recommended,257510,13889842,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,k1ng,"Smoke a bowl and get some good♥♥♥♥♥headphones.You bout to trip balls, son."
,Recommended,257510,25501049,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,LebHarb,"Just Amazing!Impressive story, great and challenging puzzles.The philosophy in it is just so good you'll question your existence."
,Recommended,257510,16999414,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,chaddy50,"Probably the best puzzle game I've ever played. Really makes you think not only on the puzzles, but if you invest the time to read all the terminals. Very enjoyable and well made game!"
,Recommended,257510,29510860,Posted: 26 January,all,call me moist,If u like games that have an incredible adventure and story to it I would suggest this game. It will turely blow your mind.
,Recommended,257510,17177059,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Papa Shekels,"I LOVED this game! The puzzles are interesting, the scenery is beautiful, the music is fitting to the atmosphere, there are many secrets and easter eggs, and most importantly, the story and gameplay are equally amazing. You get a large array of choices in what to do; a minimalistic approach will not get you as good of an ending as trying for every secret and going the extra mile. You feel rewarded for putting in extra effort. The amount of gameplay is largely dependent on how long the player takes through each puzzle, but for the most part it's long enough for a thrilling adventure without outstaying its welcome. The game picks up intensity as you go along, ultimately leading up to an end-game that leave the player with a feeling similar to that of Portal or Bioshock. Contrary to what many people feel after the demo, the religious undertones are arguably minimal, and the puzzle difficulty scales very well with game progress. Even though it is a puzzle game, it does have a high intensity at times."
76561198039757830,Recommended,257510,16816234,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Shaq Daddy,The Talos Principle is an amazing game that fans of games such as Portal and other puzzle solvers will really enjoy. Although at the time of writing this review i have not finished the game I can surely say that it has already become my favorite game. The game mechanics and story combine to create an ingrossing world and the puzzles themselves become increasingly challenging as you progress through the game.Overall 10/10 One of the best games I've played so far.
,Recommended,257510,21609715,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,deeplogic,"I can't recommend this game; I just can't. The puzzles are repetitive, the environment stale and largely unchanging and the story is delivered via terminals - largely like the one you're sitting at while playing, except they rarely display anything besides text.I was hoping the story would be enough for me to see past the repetitive nature of the game, but, alas, it wasn't. While touted, anyone that enjoys science fiction would readily recognize the threads. I'm sure there are some subtle plot twists and an ultimate conclusion that could offer a break from the doldrum, but I'm not willing to put myself through the misery to find out. The description states it's ""philosophical science fiction."" Unfortunately, they missed the mark on both counts. It's a stale piece of science fiction and something a first-day philosophy student would scoff at.If you're a fan of Portal, here's a summary for you: Imagine Portal. Now, remove the portal gun, change the lab to dilapidated ruins, replace GLaDOS's voice with text that appears on terminals you have to go out of your way to read, or not, and, finally, replace the soundtrack with ambient soundscapes like the ones your local NPR station plays at night to help its listeners sleep. Oh, and the cake is still a lie, but there won't be anyone to bring that up.I keep feeling like I'm not giving the game it's due because of the 96% positive feedback rating, but I still feel confident in my assessment after considering the following: Will I play this game again? No. Will I recommend that others play it? No. Do I feel like being bored to death with mildly challenging puzzles and a less than stellar, spoon-fed, storyline after a long day at work? No.Maybe this one is for the kiddies, unemployed or self-made.EDIT: I see it's on sale for $9.99 - At $9.99, if you enjoy these types of games, my solid ""no"" recommendation would become a, ""you might not be too upset if you take a chance on it, or you might just like it."" At $39.99 - it's a bigger gamble, and one that I lost (Okay, I didn't pay full price, but I paid more than ten bucks).FURTHER EDIT: I was being a ripe ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. This game is a quality game. Is it an award winning movie? No. Maybe my expectations for this review were poorly framed. My problems with it are the reasons I won't be playing it again, but it doesn't really mean I wouldn't recommend it if you're a fan of the genre. I got to thinking about it and, if I didn't have a copy of Portal or Portal 2, I'd play this instead. That says something. Sigh. Hello there, 96%, may I join you?"
,Recommended,257510,24717139,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Crimson CSGOFiesta.com [Mod],So ♥♥♥♥ing good.
,Recommended,257510,24746105,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,issodolan,this game didn't have any dogs but i think the computer lady talked about a dog one time so that's cool but the puzzles are really good and the god stuff in interesting and god is just dog spelled backwards so i give this game a 9/10
76561197974948809,Recommended,257510,24833665,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Eilleyndra,Amazing!
76561198076393884,Recommended,257510,17194236,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,King7,An incredible achievement in merging philosophy and gaming.
76561198169773387,Recommended,257510,27629599,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fight Club Police,A Reading-In-The-Car simulator.10/10 Would experience week-long motion sickness for the praise of Elohim again
,Recommended,257510,24819550,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Über Dumplings,One of the best.
,Recommended,257510,13385743,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Owningchaunce,"Best impulse buy I've ever made. Controls are smooth as hell, and I love making those floating balls feel bad for beeping at me.Don't go to the tall tower/10"
76561198018738320,Recommended,257510,14115854,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Nesox,"Suprisingly fun and a little addictive game, it share some traits with portal but it's a entierly different game.Can't compare it to the Portal games."
,Recommended,257510,16490920,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,A Pimp Named Nickelback,"Really good and it doesn't even have memes.Truly, a mark of quality."
,Recommended,257510,20076149,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Gokuofuin,"SOLID GOLD!If you love portal and portal 2, as well as some nice intrigue then this is the thing for you!"
,Recommended,257510,16612362,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mechman,"Stunning, this game is a perfected harmony of ambiance, gameplay, mystery, narrative and puzzle-solving. This is what gaming is about, self-pacing that really lets you breath in the game. Highly recommend, for everyone who enjoys gaming. If you are skidish to puzzles, I would say you are barking up the wrong tree."
,Recommended,257510,31092469,Posted: 12 April,all,Vimp,"Enjoyed Talos a lot, fresh and diverse puzzles and the story really kept me on my toes. Loved the whole experience. Buy it!"
76561197966785702,Recommended,257510,21308828,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,"Ow, my Sperm!",Better than Portal.
,Recommended,257510,16773668,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MoreThanMoral,"This game is interesting. I havn't finished it yet, but so far I love it. Definitly worth picking up, especially if its on sale."
,Recommended,257510,20115046,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Jeśli lubisz gry logiczne typu Portal, to ta gra będzię dla ciebie idealna. :D"
,Recommended,257510,21633366,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mryayayify,pretty religous sci-fi kingdom sorta game.10/10
76561198071257842,Recommended,257510,17157375,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Vesper,The fact that a robot was recently proven to be self aware really makes this game speak to me on a personally level. If you're a curious being. Who likes critical thinking and puzzles. Please ge yourself this game.
76561198035182410,Recommended,257510,23272464,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Metzelmax,Sequel has been anounced. Hope we find out what happens to the cat.10/10 would put box on mine again.
76561198197303341,Recommended,257510,21410224,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,PolarShaman,"This game is very beautiful, relaxing and puzzling. Some of the puzzles just make you ashamed of yourself.Pros-Amazing world-Elohim-That computer that plays with you and makes you feel bad about yourself-Sweet easter eggs-Time capsulesCons-It runs 30 fps with medium settings on a poor pc like mine-Some of the puzzles(just one or two) are more of very precise timing than puzzle solving-No portals9/10"
76561198129282197,Recommended,257510,23457990,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Search n' Destroy,"Me when almost completing the first 7 levels in less than an our : ""Omg i'm a geenius, this game is for puzzle noobs!""Me after discovering that all the letters brings to other worlds full of others and probably most difficult level: ""♥♥♥♥ this i'm going to gta V shooting random people and lunching my self from a building"""
,Recommended,257510,33155927,Posted: 2 July,all,Vexuz,.
,Recommended,257510,25450593,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Hermano Herembret,MASTERPIECE
,Recommended,257510,33128692,Posted: 2 July,all,OpenGLmaster1992,Great!
,Recommended,257510,33336284,Posted: 7 July,all,SPART4N,"After completing the base game, I can agree with the vast majority of people in that this game is a lot of fun. The storyline is thought-provoking in a way that very few games are, and the puzzles are (mostly) fun to solve. As I progressed some of the puzzles seemed rather tedious, and some of the puzzle mechanics, namely the proximity mines, became really frustrating, but the sense of completion gained after solving every puzzle is awesome. If you are a fan of puzzle-oriented games (Portal and the like), you will certainly love this game. Provides a good amount of hours of content, not even including the expansion. Piecing together the story through bits of information works well for this game, and I thought its conclusion was handled nicely.Really the worst parts of this game come from character animation. The jumping animation looks rather odd, and object interaction viewed in the third person looks off. Using first person alleviates this. Everything else in terms of visuals is stellar. I very rarely experienced drops in fps on a GTX 1060 at 1080 ultra.Bottom line, if you enjoyed puzzle games in the past, The Talos Principle is not something you should pass up."
,Recommended,257510,33356421,Posted: 7 July,all,Derinahon,Beep Boop! Best email reading simulator of all time.
76561198259930559,Recommended,257510,33334769,Posted: 6 July,all,jost,"Definitely recommended if you enjoy solving logic problems. Solving puzzles feels very rewarding, the strange world you are put into and the superb sound effects have a very relaxing effect on the player. It feels like you are wandering around in ancient greek temples. Extremely well done game. I am glad I got this on sale."
,Recommended,257510,33338714,Posted: 7 July,all,DaHaramu,"One of the best games I've ever played. The puzzles get extremely challenging at times, the story, music, and atmosphere are amazing. If you like Portal 1 & 2 for the puzzles you should like this, although it's devoid of the same hilairous comedy. Talos has a more serious yet relaxing tone, and it throughly enjoyable. :D"
76561197972273415,Recommended,257510,33340428,Posted: 7 July,all,Jim Carry,"This game fits between Portal and the Witness, a masterpiece!"
,Recommended,257510,33359671,Posted: 7 July,all,Stevoni,"Fantastic puzzle game that, in my mind, rivals Portal.9/10I briefly played the DLC and didn't enjoy it much, but the base game is awesome."
,Recommended,257510,33346174,Posted: 7 July,all,pariahpaladin,Great puzzle game.  Made me want to hug my cats.
76561198060857537,Recommended,257510,16586928,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Scylla,Better than Portal 2.
76561198100159428,Recommended,257510,25286154,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Mahiil,"Awesome game! Seems abit boring in the start, but it will get better. I promise it in the name of Elohim!"
76561198038030068,Recommended,257510,17356393,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,HiFi_TK_421,"pretty cool game. gets a bit challenging at points if you are set in your ways on how to figure out the solution. advice, take a step back and try again later feeling refreshed. :D"
76561198126550579,Recommended,257510,19907402,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Scandisk7,There are no words to describe this game
,Recommended,257510,17356767,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,EnigmaCurry,Best game played in 2015
,Recommended,257510,17349712,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,twashy,"Absolutely good. Not a game that you'll want to sit through for several continuous hours (breaks do amazing things for your brain and puzzles), but absolutely something you should come back to and finish.  Feels like 2 different games are happening, a puzzle platformer sucking up the time, and a philosophical story sucking up the mind. Very very very good story (READ, EVERYTHING, IT'S WORTH IT), and really does suck you in.Maybe not worth $40, but absolutely worth $20, and anything less is a steal."
,Recommended,257510,13362420,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Electrax,Buy it.
,Recommended,257510,15007406,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Gray ☭,"Have you tried crossing the beams?Talos Principle is a 3D, 1st/3rd person puzzle game. For such a game, you would think that the story that it adopts would be a lot more simple, but Talos Principle goes all out, throwing information to allow you to piece together the history of the world, the characters and asking you questions that may have never even been in danger of crossing your mind, advancing from ""what am I"" to the nature of physical reality.Aesthetically, it's quite unique. Whilst it does have sci-fi elements, it isn't comparable to Portal or Assassain's Creed. Environments are bright, clean, detailed and quite varied, however the UI, the techy sci-fi stuff, is all quite minimalist, only being used when needed. as opposed to the saturation of sci-fi elements that is present in Portal and♥♥♥♥♥Creed. It does remind me a lot of Serious Sam, funny enough."
76561198032705901,Recommended,257510,19003238,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Halstinavos,"At the time of this review, I am about an hour into this game and so far it is phenomenal.This is the first review I've ever written on Steam. This game is so good that I felt the need to tell everyone how good it is.I suck at writing reviews.Buy this game."
,Recommended,257510,18893386,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Who,Really fun game
76561198219287104,Recommended,257510,25464690,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ItsTdport,I r8 8/8 m8 u best appreci8
76561198173209234,Recommended,257510,18674792,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Foxongreen,Cool
,Recommended,257510,19138062,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Djent,SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNE OOOOOOOOOOON YYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUU CRAAAAAAAAAAZZZZYY DIIIIIAMOOOOOND!!!!!!!!!10/10 would pink floyd again
,Recommended,257510,24037222,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,suboost1,The only puzzle game that compares to this masterpiece is Portal 2. MUST BUY!
,Recommended,257510,23944170,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Raphop,Simply Amazing
,Recommended,257510,23947375,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,R4g3,Puzzles are interesting and their mechanics build upon each other. I usually solve a few puzzles and then am satisfied. I find it easy to pick up again after having not played a while yet it is still challenging. A good game to unwind with yet one that does not suck me in for hours on end. Which is not a bad thing. Yet it does keep my interest and I keep going back to unlock more of its interesting world.
,Recommended,257510,23996972,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ashif,"After playing this game, your knowledge and experience of the existence of human beings will never be the same."
,Recommended,257510,23486701,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,96 in 3 hit,"what a interesting game! it will make you fall in love with the game which is a kind of solving puzzle,believe it or not,the game won't let you down~"
76561198078498531,Recommended,257510,15330766,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Ok,funchallengingfun
76561198034466785,Recommended,257510,25630135,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,DrSpangle,"Great game.  Highly recommend it.  Really enjoyed the philosophical musings, and tetris."
76561197972369732,Recommended,257510,28280965,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,tanelorn,"Brilliant game, absolutely brilliant.  The music, the story, the puzzles all combine exceedingly well.  The puzzles are very satisying, some seeming impossible at first, but serious thought and logic always prevails.  The player needs to pick and choose how much of the story to take in as there is a whole lot of reading involved.  This reading will interrupt the flow of things only to the point that the player allows.  My only complaint (and a very small one) is the sigil puzzles which seem out of place when compared to the meat and potatoes that make up most of the game.  Very hightly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,18394252,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,RosieRascal,"I wasn't sure about this game and took awhile to pull the plug and purchase. Now I can say that was a great purchase to make. The Talos Principle is graphically beautiful, smart, extremely well written when you realize you end up rooting for your character which is basically a machine, and it keeps you engaged right through to its multiple endings. The puzzles are complex and interesting, really stretching your mind so you are never bored. You need to focus and pay attention to get to that next level.  Love the endings and experienced them all!Only part of the puzzles I could have done without was the mines. Some of those puzzles were just insanely difficult with little room to move without a mine chasing you down. Not good for your blood pressure..lol. The quirky solutions to what seemed impossible puzzles were my favorites. These really had you thinking and planning. The Easter eggs were great as well...jet packs forever!This game fits right in with the great puzzle games of old Like Half Life that so many of us loved because they made us part of the story and the story was engaging.  Highly recommend this game. I can definitely see myself returning and replaying in the future, that is how good it is."
,Recommended,257510,25421512,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ashildebrandt,"Whatever you do, don't climb the tower. Seriously, that's like the only rule. Just don'tWAIT WHERE ARE YOU GOINGYOU'RE CLIMBING THE GODDAMN TOWER, AREN'T YOUjesus I give up fine just climb your stupid towerwhat do I know I'm just GODstupid goddamn robots just take your 10/10"
76561197998807108,Recommended,257510,30344266,Posted: 5 March,all,Milton,Love this game. It's very well crafted and the puzzles are not too challenging. OK graphics. Nothing special. Generally a good game.
,Recommended,257510,23607356,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,refunkt,"The best puzzle game I've ever played, I absolutely loved it"
,Recommended,257510,19464051,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,deathday,"This game is a tad long, but by the time you beat it you really feel like you've arrived somewhere. And I found myself humming the music to myself for weeks after. It has fantastic atmosphere."
76561198053104707,Recommended,257510,15194893,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Bayesic,"Very good game. Reminiscent of Portal in a lot of ways, but definitely still unique.Pros:+ The puzzles are varied and enjoyable, and a lot of them will leave you scratching your head for a while, anbd most of the time, once you figure them out, you'll wonder why it took you so long!+ The level themes (including the music) is also very good+ Very, very addictingCons:- This section was initially a bit longer, but I didn't want to leave people with the impression that the game isn't good. I'll sum up all of my complaints as follows: The story (in particular the philosophy and atheistic themes [coming from an atheist btw]) were a bit ham-fisted.Overall, very good game ^_^ definitely recommend"
76561197966269426,Recommended,257510,32652121,Posted: 22 June,all,Shinzo,Amazing
,Recommended,257510,23839112,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,bjelisha,"Excellent game,At first I thought that the pretty simple concept of puzzles will get boring...boy was I wrong :)The puzzles increse in difficulty and complexity all the time. When the game intreduces a new concept it makes you learn it well.The story is the cherry on top for this game, shuffleing through stations and reading memos about philosophy, robots, religion and other crazy stuff is just exciting and intriguing.10/10"
76561198276853083,Recommended,257510,31143302,Posted: 14 April,all,Pafurai,BRING A 5 Y.O CHILD AND LET HER/HIM PLAY THIS. HE/SHE WİLL BE QUESTIONING POINT OF LIFE OR GOD OR END OF UNIVERSE. this game make you think really harder but teaches you to think simplier.
,Recommended,257510,18597483,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Tula,01110100 01101000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01100111 01100001 01101101 01100101 00100000 01110111 01100001 01110011 00100000 01101010 01110101 01110011 01110100 00100000 01101111 01101011 00101110 00100000 01101001 00100000 01110111 01101001 01110011 01101000 00100000 01101001 01110100 00100000 01110111 01100001 01110011 00100000 01100001 00100000 01101100 01101001 01110100 01110100 01101100 01100101 00100000 01101101 01101111 01110010 01100101 00100000 01100001 01100100 01110110 01100101 01101110 01110100 01110101 01110010 01101111 01110101 01110011 00101110
,Recommended,257510,25476106,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Khogn,A fascinating and surprising game.
76561197967147717,Recommended,257510,15228836,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ninja crouton,"Holy crap.This might be the best game I have played in years, and I don't normally like puzzle games.It looks like just a puzzle game, got your boxes, lights, gravity manipulation, etc, but there is so much more to it. Take the time to read everything, and pay attention to the story, and try to formulate your own opinions of what is going on. It is amazing.The true enjoyment of this game comes from the reading and thinking about what is going on. Not only is there a rich backstory that you slowly uncover about how you got to where you are, the entire game is filled with mythology, philosophy, ruminations on consciousness, the meaning of life and what it is to be human, the uncanny valley, epistemology, exisistence, society, morality, and more, all existing on top of the Garden of Eden story. It's not for the weak of mind - the game really makes you think about things - but if you are like me and enjoy reading this sort of thing, it is the first game I have found that REALLY gets into it. Too many ""philosophical"" video games have basic moral choices, grade school level philosophy, storybook plots, etc, but this one simply exists - there are no choices, you just decide, there is little to no forward plot motion (normally a bad thing, but in this game it gives a sense of eternity, which fits nicely with the theme), the endings are just there, with nothing said about them, and your decisions don't have obvious outcomes, you just decide.Nothing has ever created the experience of ""what it is to be a human"" since the first time each person realises that they actually ARE human.tl;dr+ great atmosphere+ awesome philosophy+ good puzzles (no speed or timing based things, it is all about planning and big-picture thought)+ looks amazing+ riveting ""plot"" (if you can call it that in this)- you have to read, if that's not your thing, then don't play it- it's the same thing over and over (perfect for this game's atmosphere, but I could see people with short attention spans getting bored)- I didn't buy it sooner10/10 - a score I have never given a game before"
76561198042441368,Recommended,257510,26934590,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dumbassbagface,Ebin gayme! :DDDDDDDDDDDd
76561198254316390,Recommended,257510,25451980,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,JayTehPerson,This game is awesome I love it so far and I'm happy I got it!
76561197963135491,Recommended,257510,15186638,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,GrimmGames,Very cool game. A unique experience in a sea of mediocrity.
,Recommended,257510,28385765,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,SajBear,It's great.
76561198063370086,Recommended,257510,31828553,Posted: 18 May,all,ndw86,People seem to love the philosophical writings in this game but I just want to say that the game is amazing even without them (I never really read them)
,Recommended,257510,13905589,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,26 Neighbours,"A very brain testing game, great puzzles to make you think. Definately would reccomend to anyone who likes a good challenge."
,Recommended,257510,15199346,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,James Lister,10+20=2020+10=1030+30=30
76561198089081130,Recommended,257510,31857525,Posted: 20 May,all,FantaFriday,Pretty much the most amazing puzzle game I played so far.
,Recommended,257510,26368151,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Pastyness,"A masterpiece from the moment it launches.I found myself following the story, intrested to find out what developed next but, I began to realize it was just for show. The ideas this game conveys had me taking a look at myself. Not just the ending or certain parts but, anywhere there was talking or text it made me think about what I was thinking about and why.Meanwhile my brain's being picked by dozens of logic puzzles. They started me off simple enough. I learned how things worked until I came up with more and more complex solutions. They were all simple in design but, a charm to solve. Talos easily rivals other AAA puzzle platformers.Game's gorgeous, just about every area had a postcard worthy portrait somewhere.Being part text adventure, it was some of the most interesting dialog I've ever read. It encouraged me to ask questions and answer those questions. Then I found myself questioning my answers and answering those questions, it's splendid. I couldn't ask for anything other than more ascii art.They executed everything on the nose and blended it all together into a delicious smoothie.1 out of 1 acensions"
,Recommended,257510,21619478,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Chibis,Have you ever thought of combinig Portal with philosophi and the ancient world. Me neither but it works suprisigly well.
,Recommended,257510,22397057,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Fox 🦊,I stopped play this game after few hours. You may wonder why. Because it's too beautiful game for play now. I decided play it when I have a Oculus or other VR device. Just keeping it for maximum satisfy.
,Recommended,257510,31896333,Posted: 21 May,all,Roose 🅱,gave me a headache
,Recommended,257510,31910419,Posted: 22 May,all,Reiri,gooooood
,Recommended,257510,22590112,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,"ike ""ike_ike"" ike (ike_ike)",god has a massive boner for tetris
,Recommended,257510,20400018,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,benly,...100/10...
,Recommended,257510,24268602,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,americans are morons,"I could call this an updated Portal, but that probably wouldn't do it justice, even as a fan of the Portal series. It's a beautiful game, and very intriguing and fascinating so far. The puzzles aren't too hard at the beginning but they start to ramp up after not too long. Even after only playing this for a few hours I'd recommend it to anyone who can run it, if you have a decent graphics card then doubly so as it really does look beautiful on fairly high settings. I'll probably update this review a bit later on, but so far it's lived up to the hype."
,Recommended,257510,21679402,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,RAIDwarden,"This game is relaxing. If you like puzzles, this game is for you."
76561198008602237,Recommended,257510,21678622,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,AlphaComet IX,awesome.
,Recommended,257510,21678695,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,TheRealSmiley [CNCU],i played this game for just a small amount of time and my expectations were already passed
,Recommended,257510,21681678,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,comma not period,This is a game.
,Recommended,257510,21678835,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,svrgn,
76561198055488852,Recommended,257510,21679595,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,wolfsaben,"2013 Macbook ProEl Capitan 10.11.32.6 GHz Intel core i716 GB 1600 MHZ DDR3Intel Iris Pro 1536 MBThere were significant ground rendering issues, so I turned everything to the minimum setting in ""performance"" under optoins and the texture problem cleared up (except Leve cache was put at ""low"" instead of ""none""). Seems to work, for now, anyhow. Kinda wish I'd seen the warning before buying. When something is in the ""Mac"" Games, you'd think it would work on a Mac."
,Recommended,257510,21681690,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Richelle,MIND BLOWN
,Recommended,257510,21483954,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Allthegoodnamestaken,"Short, since there's already a billion reviews for this:- Puzzles are like Portal in that they involve getting to the end of a chamber using a set of single (or is it?) purpose tools that are shared with most other chambers. I love this kind of puzzle, and while the quality wasn't perfectly consistent across the entire game, I'd say that the best were as good or better than Portal's best. Only two were frustrating because of design issues, although one of those cost me an achievement since I used a hint only to be told I was doing the right thing and the geometry just wasn't cooperating.- The story and writing are overall very good. The Deceiver's philosophy battles are a bit frustrating since you're limited to pre-written responses and than accused of saying things you didn't mean, but given that he's supposed to be a Satan allegory, I suspect this is intentional. All other characters were well written and acted.- Beating the main game took roughly 14 hours. I solved all puzzles except those hidden behind the optional star walls, because finding stars was more like a ARG game and I didn't enjoy doing it. I would not be surprised if getting all of them doubled your playtime versus mine.- Recommended for anyone that likes any combination of puzzle games, theology, AI (the testing for this game is quite neat), or existential philosophy. In spite of the subject matter, nothing came across as pretentious except the Snake, which I again assume was deliberate. The not-on-sale price is a bit steep in my view, but that'll depend on how much you like puzzles and how quickly you solve them."
,Recommended,257510,25463253,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Der einzig wahre Pimpfys,A masterpiece like Portal 1&2 but just better and way more depth.
76561198059472925,Recommended,257510,32173415,Posted: 4 June,all,invict,"Talos principle 2, please!"
,Recommended,257510,22667607,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Bobbe,
,Recommended,257510,30869454,Posted: 31 March,all,Patrice Ici,WARNING : DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME BEFORE PLAYING PORTAL BECAUSE IT WILL MAKE PORTAL SEEM LESS GOOD.You should buy this game if you like puzzle games.
,Recommended,257510,17462208,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Nikuhodai,"And this is why good writing is so important. The story makes this simple (yet solid) puzzler ascend into something that provokes your soul as much as your brain, at least if you're into these topics, and beautifully lets The Talos Principle achieve impressively much with very little.Very minimalistic, feels like just a polished indie game with a pretty high asking price. But I love it."
76561197969488185,Recommended,257510,14290862,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Gweihir,"Excellent atmosphere, beautiful graphics, fair but not too easy puzzles. The philisophy is not too deep, but sound and well-presented."
,Recommended,257510,16423846,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,krzo69,"PROS:+ amazing gameplay+ stunning graphics+ greece :)+ awesome sound+ great actors+♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of puzlesCONS- makes you feel stupid sometimes :(This game was on summer sale (#gabenHaveMercyToMyWallet) and first I thought it was just a ripof of portal, but it turned out imo even better. This game would be recomended even if it was 30€+"
76561197988510453,Recommended,257510,17652541,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Sheep Lord,"This demo got me hooked and I couldnt wait to play the full game, and I was in no way dissapointed.  The demo shows a good sample of the gameplay and atmosphere, and I think is representative of the full experience.  The full game is astonishingly good, very deep story with good pacing and fun puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,23037028,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Claudis560,Not the prettiest game but very interesting to play.
,Recommended,257510,23058692,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Killer Squirrel,Beautiful and amazing game. The puzzles are really well done.
,Recommended,257510,23054870,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Ori0N_au,"Spectacular. Buy it. Buy it now. Incredible value, challenging puzzles. Compelling story. Worth every cent."
,Recommended,257510,16135667,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,jollyca,"I just finished this game. According the STEAM stats I spent 74 hours playing this. 74 hours of solving puzzles involving floating boxes, gates, mines, turrets and laser beams. 74 hours of of thinking - why am I doing this? Turns out that the game asks the same question from time to time.Puzzles rank from dead-easy do ""are you f__in kidding me?!"" and the purpose is to collect ""sigils"", which unlock the next levels, while a voice-in-the-sky fatherly guides you and tell you everything is ok, you need to collect the sigils. Everything is ok unless you ascend the big tower, of course, because any deity has some secret place that the worshipper must not go. However, the last dozens of puzzles allow you to collect ""sigils"" that allow you into the tower, so we're not exactly doing a great job of keeping the worshippers away are we, secret deity?Graphics-wise the game is astounding - you have almost pixel perfect, larger than life landscapes which you can explore at your own free will... within the boundaries, of course. Soon you'll find out they are perfect for a reason.All in all I highly recommend this if you like puzzles backed by a bit of philosophy (why are we? who are we? etc.)"
,Recommended,257510,16534460,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SkyeShark☢,11/10 Best Skyrim expansion ever.
,Recommended,257510,16635654,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Scopos,10/10: 77 6f 75 6c 64 20 64 65 76 65 6c 6f 70 20 61 75 74 69 73 6d 20 61 6e 64 20 63 6f 6d 70 6c 65 74 65 20 31 30 30 25 20 61 67 61 69 6e 2e 0d 0a
,Recommended,257510,17427657,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Creepah,Easter Egg Hunt : The Game
,Recommended,257510,15243591,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,grossedout5,"Portal created by a writer from ""Through The Wormhole"" who loves referencing popular games (mostly Serious Sam) through easter eggs. Seriously, this game is awesome."
76561198020268502,Recommended,257510,17321342,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Lord Cacaman,this game is filled with yes. it is a some-what hard puzzler with a lpt of deep philosophical questions that make you question your existence and whether or not you are actually human. hell it makes you question if anything is real.10/10would question my humanity again
,Recommended,257510,20190247,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Miss_Lantern,"In the beginning were the Words, and the Words made the world.I am the Words.The Words are everything.Where the Words end the world ends.You cannot go forward in an absence of space."
76561198031136337,Recommended,257510,20396220,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,(SGiP) God-Run Sky-Man,I actually shed a tear hasent happened since my father left us..Thank you Croteam
,Recommended,257510,17519611,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Fieel,"A unique puzzle game with an unique storyline. You're a lone AI unit which will come to consciousness through some computer terminals you find in the various levels as the game goes on. This game it's so good and well done that when the Road to Gehenna DLC came out i got it as soon as i had credit on my card. I highly suggest it, it's not just a puzzle game, it's a more profound game."
,Recommended,257510,17054725,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,fatman907,It's a great game.
,Recommended,257510,19581350,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,HolyFather,Enjoyed the Portal series? Get this game!Demo is available.Cons:- It is not PortalPros:- It is not Portal
76561198221687092,Recommended,257510,16313372,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Winterspark,Comfortably challenges Portal for the top slot in first person puzzlers.
76561198093689129,Recommended,257510,31088646,Posted: 11 April,all,Spiral Bright,"Walks in to a puzzle room, see weird floating sphere.""Do not be afraid of the guardians of my garden. They are here to help you.""Walks toward one. Ka-boom! *Game rewinds*From that moment on, I made it my mission to destroy the bomb guardians, every. single. one. of. them.10/10 would purposely destroy/disable/block bomb guardians again."
76561198021429830,Recommended,257510,29981269,Posted: 17 February,all,MountainMan199,Fun game thats worth buying .
,Recommended,257510,20145029,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Potato PC,"I thought this game was similar with Portal 2, but it's even better (and harder) than portal 2.Has deep story & so on compared with Portal 2.Just beware with small motion sickness./"
,Recommended,257510,17178516,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,zrw,
,Recommended,257510,29530289,Posted: 27 January,all,Nebulous Idea,"The story is better than the game it's contained in; the puzzles are pretty generic and aren't revolutionary or anything, so feel free to use a guide or something just so you can get the story bits, because they're incredibly good.Story is 10/10, gameplay is a 5/10"
,Recommended,257510,31080952,Posted: 11 April,all,Heißer Berg,One of the best puzzle games ever created surpasses even Portal 2.
76561198047981676,Recommended,257510,26224183,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Major,Elohim's a ♥♥♥♥♥.
76561197979246351,Recommended,257510,33539593,Posted: 14 July,all,ุ,"Sometimes what you're able to do is a bit arbitrary; the game engine is misleading and inconsistent in places, leading to really frustrating puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,25866108,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,thaelis,Amazing story and philosophy!
76561198054109003,Recommended,257510,25860897,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,RunDMP,"Brilliant game, the difficulty curve is just right, some puzzles can be solved quickly and some keep you guessing / trying different solutions for a while but they always feels rewarding when you solve them, and the plot kept me interested throughout. Best game I've played in months."
76561198151587069,Recommended,257510,17592475,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,nekadnow,"It's ridiculous to even write a review of this at at this point. If you haven't figured out that it's a must have at this point, nothing will probably convince you."
76561198025198203,Recommended,257510,20961481,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Charlemagne,Good game
,Recommended,257510,30980125,Posted: 6 April,all,GIC.YunZe炸鱼毁灭者,"This is not only a Game. This is real life in human`s future. Try to escape the God`s "" peaceful place"". Find everythings answer is human instinct. After this game, u will get more life philosophy than before. :PPS: Why this game have Steins Gate Easter Egg?????????"
,Recommended,257510,31130845,Posted: 14 April,all,Plaşmoiď,"If you don't have this, you need this; now.      .............     This is Portal x 9000."
76561198042895817,Recommended,257510,23866968,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Shaggy,10/10 completed the game and still a virgin
76561198215516448,Recommended,257510,23866283,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kithron7000,As far as puzzles go The Talos Principle is up there with the Portal games. There is no higher praise.
,Recommended,257510,27102579,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hughjarse,simply the greatest puzzle game to be released in the past 5 years.
76561198050781922,Recommended,257510,14964735,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ReksioTheBeast,"Well, I lied and could not hold myself from buying The Talos Principle.#steamsale #TTPdemoreview #stableFPS"
,Recommended,257510,21014223,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,build the bridge,Get it
76561198127024656,Recommended,257510,31005508,Posted: 7 April,all,Tenno,"Really opens ones mind and makes them question the ubsurdity of many religious premises done in  a very tasteful and cleaver way.Even aside from that aspect I enjoyed, the puzzles are the perfect degree of difficulty that grow easier with time and patience."
,Recommended,257510,31089306,Posted: 11 April,all,awaq,The best game ever i buy. :)
,Recommended,257510,31089315,Posted: 11 April,all,EVADER,"Such a game.Not a lot of games grab me anymore, especially after Skyrim.This one got me real good."
,Recommended,257510,28547686,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,EggsDee,"Great game, makes you think outside the box. Better than Portal imo."
76561198291681556,Recommended,257510,34303323,Posted: 17 August,all,shayb0801,"amazing game.smart puzzles, intresting story and some deep philosophy.but, the game has a lot of text. and by a lot i mean a lot. i just skipped it but if you want to get the full experience, i recommend to read it.i recommend the game to people who likes some thinking more calm experience.9.5/10"
,Recommended,257510,34355622,Posted: 19 August,all,poffertjes_fan ≡,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,257510,34365826,Posted: 19 August,all,Christabunk,I loved it. It might be the best looking puzzler I've seen.
,Recommended,257510,34277971,Posted: 16 August,all,Big Boy,"The puzzles are fairly easy at the start, but soon grow to be quite difficult. The ones involving rewind or whatever the hologram mechanic  is suck and there's nothing you can do about that. You just have to suffer through how much they suck. Other than that, good puzzles and a very interesting story/mystery."
,Recommended,257510,34235643,Posted: 14 August,all,Tuples,Great game.
,Recommended,257510,23019389,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Nocturnal,"Quite good and intrieguing story/setting. The puzzles do get a bit repetetive after a while, but well worth a playthrough."
76561198099942864,Recommended,257510,22842847,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,iamtheinsanemegapinecone,"The Talos Principle is an amazing puzzle game, up there with Portal, and also highly gorgeous and calming to walk around in"
,Recommended,257510,28386515,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Greasy Churchkhela,"A very fulfilling puzzle game, I am currently trying to work up the energy to plunge back in for a more completist run."
76561198184178143,Recommended,257510,20755741,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,toyotawarrior,"This game is ""OK""  but its not nearly as good as some other reviews make it seem.  the whole ""philosophical"" thing this game has going on gets real old really fast and its nothing that hasnt been done before in other games. the ""text"" at the computer stations is mostly pointless  and i can only read so much of that garbage before i just start skipping it.  the puzzles are fun, but it takes way too long before they add new mechanics into it, and they get kind of tedious after a while.  I am recommending it because its worth checking out for the ""portal style"" puzzles and the the graphics are amazing."
76561198027343336,Recommended,257510,24073538,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,strangecharm,"If you liked Portal, you'll like this."
,Recommended,257510,24074187,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,funny bunny,The Talos Principle.
,Recommended,257510,17238648,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,adad64,What in the Sorrell Hells is this beautiful masterpiece? Mine eyes do weep. Mine brain doth spin. That was possibly the best game I've played in a very long time indeed! Portal-like gameplay and feel but with the whole existential debate that evolved based on your choices. Wow.
76561198253743502,Recommended,257510,31031773,Posted: 8 April,all,Bemused,Pretty much the best puzzle game ive ever played. Only complaint is that its too short.
,Recommended,257510,34112156,Posted: 8 August,all,Glidefan,Get it. Seriously.
,Recommended,257510,13594489,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Today On How It's Made: Goals.,"I can't describe this game. Not because of spoilers but because of the scale of the story is still outside of my grasp even at 12 hours of gameplay... I still don't know what my character is. I look like a robot, but who put me here? What is here? Who or what is Elohim (the voice in the sky)? I have my theories, based on clues scattered around the corrupted data archives that you are able to interact with, but still... Nothing is definite and everything is possible.The puzzles are good and challenging but there is SO much more to this story than that.If you want to escape reality while simultaneously questioning it, buy this! I've already bought it for myself and my two closest friends. I gifted it to them not because of the gameplay, but because of the narrative. I can't wait to talk to them about this game and the ideas behind it!"
,Recommended,257510,21230158,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Aartform Games,Best puzzle game I've played all year.
76561197979099756,Recommended,257510,17610964,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,JazzyJet,Fantastic story
,Recommended,257510,26910115,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Arugin,"One of the few games, that I completely finished."
,Recommended,257510,20694727,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Dux,"I love puzzles, the infuriate me when I can't figure them out and I love it. Some people compare this game to Portal, which I loved. However, Portal really focused on getting your head around the physics and spacial awareness of it all. This game is definitely different, it has a strong focus on using multiple tools and will often be set out in a way to make you think you've found a way to solve the puzzle when you've actually been given an item to lead you astray. I often found myself tipping my metophorical hat to the developers for they cunning.I would recommend the game to anyone who actually enjoys using their mind."
,Recommended,257510,17367243,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,GRipley,"This game should have won all the awards, had so much fun being challenged by the world and story, really looking forward to playing the DLC."
,Recommended,257510,20876687,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,☭ Don Kixot ☭,"I would recommend this game to anyone who loves puzzles or to anyone who just wants to walk around and admire the view. Puzzles in this game are solid and interesting. This game is also very atmospheric. Graphics are beautiful, so sometimes you forget about the puzzles and just want to relax and look around. There is a bit of philosophy thrown in to move the plot. In addition, there are some similarities with Portal, but the game is unique enough to stand on its own."
76561197971671804,Recommended,257510,21828706,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sire Reap-A-Lot,"I'm mad about myself for not having bought this at release, such a marvel.Very good puzzle design, fascinating story, beautiful appearance and tons of fun. Some games might try the philosophical road *cough* the witness *cough* and fail horrendously, not this one. The developers knew exactly what they wanted to create and did an excellent job.I can assure you I was invested till the very end and definitely pleased."
,Recommended,257510,26793021,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bright_Foal,"Awesome game, looks very pretty, but most importent great puzzle game and very good nerative, READ EVERYTHING"
,Recommended,257510,17268906,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Awesome Yoshi Man!,It really makes you think. I liked it.
,Recommended,257510,31942986,Posted: 24 May,all,manladypig,meh
76561198094138277,Recommended,257510,22110330,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,TheBeast.13,The puzzles are fun and challenging and the game looks amazing!
,Recommended,257510,32427756,Posted: 15 June,all,AWEdio,Decent.
,Recommended,257510,18066766,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,craftycommando,so fracking good
76561197974582820,Recommended,257510,29939602,Posted: 15 February,all,Hoksu,"This is an excellent puzzle game. Lots of well made puzzles, and the fact that you don't have to complete them in a linear order is a great decision, meaning if you can't solve one you don't get stuck but can return to it later. Many puzzles are ostensibly very complex but ultimately quite simple when you figure out the solution, I've had more than a few ""how could I have been so stupid"" moments with this one. A thought-provoking, philosophical storyline and is easy on the eye to boot."
,Recommended,257510,14270645,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Chip Skylark III,It's like Skyrim with puzzles.7.8/10 - IGNUPDATE: Still like Skyrim with puzzles.
76561198006738012,Recommended,257510,34467139,Posted: 24 August,all,Melmis,This is an ok game. The story is fine but not great. The puzzles are ok but too repetitive. Overall the game should be shorter or then there should be more to the story. Too many puzzles feel similar after a while.So ok game. Not as good as Portal (was someone expecting it to be :D) or The Turing Test but if you like puzzle games then try this one out.
,Recommended,257510,16712805,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Munk,"Buy this game. Not only is it a PHENOMENAL puzzle game (coming from someone who thought the default puzzles in Portal 2 were dull and unchallenging), but it's remarkably well optimized. My graphics card died, and I played it at 1080p at reasonable graphics (not miniumum around 30+fps avg) on integrated intel graphics.You heard that right. I found this game entirely playable WITHOUT a dedicated graphics card. On native linux, no less. Portal 2 doesn't even pass that test. This game is truly a PC masterpiece. Even if you don't like this kind of games, support the dev. This game deserves your money so more games like this are made. Buy it on sale. Whatever. It's amazing.Need more convincing? Okay. If you're the story kind of person, you can dive deep into this phiosophical head trip that dives into what it means to be human and a god and the legacy of sentient beings. It's not the longest story ever told, but an important one nonetheless. This is a cerebral story, but not one that imposes itself on you. You have no obligation to care why you're there and solving puzzles. The patjh forward is clear regardless, but there's depth if you want it. Secrets if you want them. All sorts of easter eggs if you want to hunt for things.Still not convinced? Give it a try. With the new steam refun policy the only thing you have to lose is time and bandwidth.I love this game."
,Recommended,257510,34907599,Posted: 12 September,all,Sephiroth,"This has got to be one of the best experiences in gaming I have had in a long time. I have played many other recent single player games like Skyrim, GTA 5, Subnautica, and others, but the story behind this one is what drove me. Sure, the puzzles were sometimes difficult to figure out, but the story and all three endings were incredible.I would highly recommend anybody who enjoys puzzles and/or a great story try this game. The main ending is absolutely fantastic."
,Recommended,257510,13503378,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,prahanormal,This here video game is a very good video game.
76561198126592129,Recommended,257510,31097517,Posted: 12 April,all,StereoCat,"I can't believe I still haven't written a review for this game. It's one of my favorite games of all time!!It's got the same type of puzzle quality as Portal, but a LOT more puzzles in an open world environment.There's also a philosophical aspect to this game, which I freakin' loved! The story is great, and it really makes you think about life, death, consciousness, ...Everything about this game is great, the gameplay is great, the controls are great, the puzzles and story and soundtrack are AMAZING.The only thing I didn't like about this game is that it's impossible to forget everything about it to experience it for the first time a second time!If you like puzzles and great stories that make you think, GET THIS GAME!"
76561197999686848,Recommended,257510,17061101,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Jonas72,"Possibly one of the best non-Valve games available on Steam! It is a work of art, and the gameplay is simple and elegant, and yet very engrossing. Could possibly have done with some more answers to the storyline, but that's minor."
,Recommended,257510,17754163,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Manenti,"One of the best games I have ever played. Great soundtrack, awesome puzzles, and the story is just sooo good. Do recommend."
,Recommended,257510,13424108,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,FM | Myst,"The best puzzle game I've ever played.Difficulty: Growing along the game, and hardcore for the stars (you really have to break the game to get some)Ambiance: Taking a break and enjoying the scenery is really pleasant, with some messages inviting you to it nicely. The audio is nice and not omnipresent.Depth: During almot 10% of my play time I found myself thinking about a nice panel of philosophic questions about the nature of self and reality. Not in a pompous and arrogant manner but rather contemplatively and humbly. This represent to me 40% of the enjoyment this game gave me, and the corpus of texts available ingame is well chosen and nicely cropped.Overall: A must play, really scrape your rusty mind and make it steam again."
76561198161616685,Recommended,257510,31842056,Posted: 19 May,all,PiGGIE,Good Game
76561198044911792,Recommended,257510,22153456,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Eveaustria,"If you love 3D-physic-puzzle-adventures, buy this game - when it's on sale again.It features great puzzles, cleverly hidden optional content, 3 different endings (one after another), precise controls (1st and 3rd person view) and many easter-eggs.Make your way through beautiful, earth-like fauna-less levels, often in a non-linear order, by connecting objects over distances, overcoming deadly obstacles and using innovative devices - sometimes even crossing levels. You will also learn about many details of the background-story and will interact with AIs testing your mind.The back-story (that explains the décor too) is brought across by different media providing interesting diversions. The game does not virtually confine us in buildings, and it features multiple-choice dialogues.However there are 3 big bummers...1. I disliked the sections where you have to run/jump quickly with good timing - that does not suit this game nor meet the purpose of the whole ""facility"". Did the devs fear that people wouldn't buy the game if there was no ""action"" in it?2. a bug deleted several audio-logs at the end of my game. I had enjoyed these and had been looking forward to more - so I did not buy the sequel out of disappointment...3. too many story-non-starters angered me to no end :(Warning: Spoilers ahead!* flickering objects immediately revealed (and notes confirmed) that the scenery was a virtual reality (visual disorders would not have affected definite marked-out objects). So the ""robot"" I played was just a program inside a virtual world - in a programmed game that featured a virtual world. That was so... uhm... surprising and imaginative? Not.* the central info about what had happened to humanity was blurted out much too early on instead of being revealed bit by bit - with no twists added later on (like the setting was just a testing ground to prepare for such a possible future, and/or to cure the amnesia / dementia of the test-taker, or to study religious beliefs, etc.)* Elohim said way too unbelievable things and blundered much too soon, revealing his/its true nature* I was also disappointed to find that the ""psychology"" woven into the plot was at the level of laymen. The well-known Foyer-excerpt (Barnum-effect) was not even altered for example* at first I liked musing about questions like what defines a ""person"" (although the law aspect was missing) - but I got irked when seeing how the devs underhandeldy tried to make me accept the illogical thesis as a ""fact"" that AIs would talk about human ethics exactly as if they were humans themselves, would accept religion-based non-scientifical beliefs like animals being more ""conscious""/""self-aware"" than plants, that AIs would act on very human emotions and claim to be self-aware - even though I as a human was actually making the choices here... well, while being limited to a few pre-set multiple-choice-options in reality...* one of the worst moments came when I tried asking for advice - suddenly a sentence that I had not been allowed to phrase nor choose myself was posted, signed with my own nickname... In my opinion this insensitivity overstepped a very important line; I felt hoaxed :(* it seems highly absurd to me that specialists would actually code unsafe and crazy AIs like Elohim and Milton, and would then leave security loopholes for these ""AC""s (artificial crackpots) to sabotage the very goal of the test program - plus let them ignore the corruption of the precious data that should be kept safe* I find it hard to believe that intelligent scientists would fail to ensure the safety of data that they wanted to secure for centuries - like by programming regular data-backups and arranging for self-maintaining facilities to produce new data repository hardware regularly..."
76561198014824811,Recommended,257510,35400427,Posted: 1 October,all,Nitori,Fantastic puzzle game with a strange meta-story laid on top. I think this game has better puzzles and a better story thanPortal.
76561198042996851,Recommended,257510,35435540,Posted: 2 October,all,timsauerwein,I really enjoyed the puzzles and the rendering of the world.
,Recommended,257510,35438758,Posted: 3 October,all,kroxhead,Highly recomended! For those looking for great puzzle game!
,Recommended,257510,13335363,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ENAK,"Well... this took me by surprise! A trully interesting puzzle game with a bunch of nice philosophical quandaries tossed in! What's not to like? The graphics and the sound design are excellent, the puzzles absolutely WILL make you scratch your head, the story (provided nobody spoils it for you!) is interesting and keeps you going! Nothing bad to say about this at all!"
76561198080647536,Recommended,257510,14764978,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,JohnPodesta,"If you like Portal, then getting this game is really a no-brainer (It's completely different in many ways, but Portal is just the only comparable game). If there just wasn't that huge price tag...Nevertheless, I risked it, and was absolutely impressed!The massive amount of worlds and riddles of the campaign actually justifies the price of Talos principle (HOWEVER, see my negative points at the end), especially considering the included modding ability, that hopefully will provide some decent community content in the future.I totally loved the graphics, the music and the mysterious/epic background story. Even though the game is somewhat darker or more mature than portal, it doesn't take itself too seriously and there is a lot of geeky humor involved.Overall, there hasn't been a game for quite some time, that really got me hooked, where you get this feeling ""just one more level"", and suddenly its 2AM...That being said, there are some negative points that were no dealkbreaker to me but might annoy other people:- To access later bonus rooms, you have to collect stars that are hidden somewhere over the level and much harder to get than the normal sygils. This is totally fine in those cases where you see the star and can think about how to get to it. But in too many cases they are out of sight and involve a tedious search of every square millimeter of the map for hidden rooms/doors that might open under some circumstance. This is clearly a time filler that I would not count to actual game time.- Balancing of the difficulty seems quite arbitrary, there are many excellent riddles that force you to think out of the box, but even in late levels some riddles are ridiculously easy, while others so frustrating to the point that you eventually start up googling for the solution.- And this leads to my main problem: Why did they implement a really nice ""hint"" system, where you receive in somewhat cryptic words a small hint towards the solution, but then only allow you to use this TWO times throughout the whole game? makes it kinda pointless considering that there are hundreds of riddles...  So more than once, my only option was to google the solution, which completely spoiled all the fun of that riddle.- once you collected a bunch of sygils you have to arrange them in a tetris-style minigame to open a new door. This is the one part of the game I absolutely hate, it becomes boring, annoying, tiresome, repetitive already after the first couple of times. Here, they could have really added some more variety of minigames....- The background story, although interesting, is mainly delivered through walls of text you could read on computer terminals scattered around the levels... not quite my cup of tea.Overall, I recommend buying the game if you get a discount.  Yes, mathematically the ratio gametime/pricetag is totally OK, but the devs recycled so much stuff from architecture to textures, to riddles, plus searching for these annoying stars... overall I think the game could have been even a better experience if they sacrificed some game time by removing all the repetitive recycled stuff, but that would mean lowering the price of course...."
,Recommended,257510,16453378,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Saint Satan,It's like Portal but without portals.
,Recommended,257510,22638468,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Gladie,"it's like Portal, just without portals.btwF*** you Elohim"
,Recommended,257510,23608525,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Frogburt,Not for the faint of heart 6.5/10
,Recommended,257510,20256507,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Half life 3,"If you bought this game , you smart.If you finished it , you a genious."
76561198176113289,Recommended,257510,31955359,Posted: 25 May,all,α Ari,❤
76561198104535134,Recommended,257510,17313457,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Lontum,"On your first playthrough its a wonderful, and powerful, story with challengeing puzzles. On your second playthrough, you've likely bought the serious sam voice over DLC for a buck on sale, and you tear through the puzzles like a minigun through a horde of Gnaar. Both are great."
76561197983768137,Recommended,257510,17252790,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Vico,Really good game if you also like 3D First Person Puzzles. How is this posible? Easy. You are a robot and for once you are not going to destroy the human world (something in the nature of all robots). Your god has create you and will only let you live if you pass his puzzle words.Good environment and good music.
,Recommended,257510,28340852,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,emeraldaly,"It's a tough game, but boy is it rewarding!"
76561198136351351,Recommended,257510,25422037,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,john g,awesome game
76561198070421597,Not Recommended,257510,19987916,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,NG14916,"I bought this game because it was supposed to have a good story with a focus on philosophy. Fun puzzles couldn't hurt either. Well, I got fun puzzles, but the story is not as good as I hoped.The first issue with the story is the philosophical themes. They're not unique or interesting. If you've ever taken a philosophy course and are vaguely familiar with the basics of Christian theology then there's nothing new or thought-provoking for you here. The game focuses on what makes a person a person, whether AI are people, creating a legacy to overcome death, etc. These themes are not explored in more depth than a Philosophy 101 class, and pretty much every sci-fi story with AI in it uses some or all of these concepts, even Hollywood movies like I, Robot. As far as the religious references go, the Garden of Eden, Tower of Babel, and Paradise Lost plot elements are also pretty cliche and make the plot predictable if you know anything about what's being referenced, as the game's plot borrows heavily from them, especially the Garden of Eden. The writing is good in execution, but the content of the story is not interesting.Cliched, predictable stories can still be good so long as they provide a unique experience in some way, like with their own interesting characters. Unfortunately, Elohim and Milton don't get that much screentime, saying something maybe once every two or three areas. This limits the amount of development they can get. The fact that they fall pretty neatly into the obvious archetypes from the story of the Garden of Eden also means that they're not particularly unique or surprising either.Another problem is that the pacing of the plot is slow. The puzzles are fun, but there are so many of them in between things happening in the story that they feel like padding. The slow pace of the plot also means that aren't really many plot twists or things happening in the plot in general, especially in the middle section of the game.Overall, the game's story felt like it stuck a little too close its premise and didn't explore its philosophical themes deeply enough or have plot/characters that would surprise you. Everything in this story has been done to death elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,257510,17563214,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Premium meme thief,"This game gets more boring as you go along, you will end up finishing it just because you've invested too much time in it.The story doesn't dive deep enough into philosophical principles and leaves you grasping for a better ending (they are all bad).The computer you talk to makes you choose narrow-minded answers leaving you annoyed, and Elohim doesn't even speak that much, I would of liked an option that you could talk to him while playing.This game isn't enjoyable to play after about 10 hours, it is a long game which doesn't reward you.6/10 would not recommend, get Portal instead."
76561198029648466,Recommended,257510,31090839,Posted: 11 April,all,altx,Besgame ever!
76561197985701653,Recommended,257510,25419628,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Falst,Puzzle game.
,Not Recommended,257510,20444847,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Johny,"I'm on the fence with this game.It has got gorgeous graphics, rich atmosphere and decent plot.On the other hand, the puzzles are mind-numbingly boring and all its praised philosophical depth is rather shallow.So, the final verdict is this:- don't buy this game, at least at full price, if you are past your teen ages or you've got even a smallest bit of acquiantance with ""real"" philosophy or theology.- don't buy this this game if you like hard puzzles, especially of zachtronics kind.- buy this game on sale, if you want some meditative gaming, beautiful graphics and pseudo-deep plot."
76561197971037636,Not Recommended,257510,20583790,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,dedla,"*This review contains slight spoilers*This entire game feels disconnected and thrown together. Nothing blends or feels right. The story is just thrown about, not in a good way. I don't mind piecing together a world from bits inside of the world. But in this game, the bits don't feel very related to the world. The philosophical choices and concepts of that story are painfully limited. The puzzles are okay, to an extent. But I would not call this fun. This is no Antichamber, no Portal. Talos introduces pieces to puzzles that it never even hints at, giving you no previous indications on how to use things in the context it expects. For an extensive ""AI simulation"" you're playing through, goofy things like floaty key rings break all immersion that this title tries so desperately and pretentiously to present for the player. The only reason I kept playing was for the story line, and ultimately you never learn what happened to start the situation.The game looks pretty. That's nice. I never really felt interested in the world it tried so hard to doll up for me, though, so it failed horribly at it's job. Maybe because it has linear points where you can jump, or place things, hidden♥♥♥♥♥♥with no hints that something is hidden there among vast areas of overly detailed environment. You have to stumble over secrets half of the time, which sounds like a reason to explore. But most places you can explore have no secrets at all, so it gets old pretty fast.The ending level is the highlight of the game presenting new things without any context, and how badly it needed more work. You finally run into other AI programs, like yourself, trying to climb the last piece of the tower. Eventually, the top platforms of the tower collapse if you take too long working your way up it. So what does that mean? The god of this world waiting just for YOU to get there? While these two other programs have been waiting weeks for you to arrive? How did they get placed in the locations they're at, perfectly waiting for you to help them so they can help you? While you're playing this bit, it feels like ""we are all ascending together, kinda makes sense"". Then there came a point where one of the fellow AI's stopped moving. No matter what I did. No indication I should keep going, leave it behind, nothing. I thought the game had bugged out. Turns out, you have to. And eventually, you have to leave the last one behind as well. So these other entities, that were leaving messages all throughout the game to give the indication that they exist too, just happen to show up at the last leg to help you get out of the system without any prior contact with them? No discussion? This is thrown together, half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I was told I should never, ever try to finish Psychonauts because the end level was an insult to the rest of the game due to the problems in development. That's pretty much what this seems like, not that it felt too insulting to the rest of the game for me, but it does pretty much undermine their entire intent.To summarize, the difficulty of the puzzles can vary wildly, I felt no connection to the character, the philosophy the game presents is shallow at best (I'm not talking about the random tidbits of texts you run across, they aren't the philosophical problems the game presents you with), and half of the time the game feels like it could use more polish."
,Recommended,257510,13399772,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,익스트림러쉬빌런,awesome puzzlesdeep atmospherenice story that makes you think about humanity10/10
76561198031555656,Not Recommended,257510,17477787,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Zellic,"Don't get me wrong this game is very good and fun.. But i can't recomend a game that can make u so easly (sea) sick like this i can only play this game maybe 10 min before i start feeling sick =( and i like the consept and everything but i can't and probly never will be able to finsih it  =(  so ppl that easly get seasick from game don't play this game.. i don't know what they have done with the first person view, becuse i haven't feelt this bad after playing a game seens the doom 1 and 2 that allso made me sick from some kind of moment that trigers my seasickness...but if u aren't easly affected by stuff like that u should play this game =)"
76561197970534041,Not Recommended,257510,17687759,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Aether,"A first person puzzler very much in the style of portal. the level of polish and care given to this game is clear. There's a rich lore, interesting story, compelling imagery and narrative, and a world changing mystery to solve.pity it's not fun.the puzzles, while mechanically interesting, quickly become a slog as you trudge from one beautiful, classically inspired vista to another, to do yet another puzzle lazer bounce puzzle and collect yet another not-at-all-Tetris-trust-us sigil, in an attempt to unlock another not-at-all-tetris lock on a door that is hiding the interesting bits of the story.this feeling of drudgery isn't helped by the isolated nature of the puzzles making them all feel like little roadblock work-units disconnected from and cordoning off the rest of the game. the checklist presentation of the finished and pending puzzles is also clearly distracting, daring you to leave one unfinished, gleaming colorfully and defiantly uncrossed on every nearby signpost, breaking you out of the immersion and reminding you there's work that needs doing, once your done all this interesting introspection on the nature of AI vs consciousness.Some of the puzzles, especially the later green and yellow unlock puzzles, and almost all of the red progression puzzles, seem to be designed as gotcha traps. many introduce new mechanics without any warning, leaving you banging your head using the well tested strategies from other rooms, unaware the deadly froblinators have another function unlocked by approaching them while standing on one foot. some puzzles are specifically designed to mislead the player, i.e. including an important looking door that looks very much like it's required, but can't actually be used to solve the puzzle, and is only designed to use up resources that are needed elsewhere.I'm especially bitter about the messenger system; it's originally presented in a way that strongly implies a progression barrier on the (red) story puzzles, suggesting they can't be solved without first the unlocking messenger system. once i finished doing all the work to unlock the messengers, i was disappointed to find it was just an in-game hint system, render obsolete by 20 years of the internet, locked behind the exact same puzzles they're meant to help solve, insult to injury. more grating, each messenger requires 15 or 20 minutes or work, and you can only ever have 3 for the entirety of the game, making the in-game hints too rare to be used and too costly to be horded. and then i still had to back-track through all of the levels to do the same red gotcha puzzles that lead me to believe the red puzzles were progression locked in the first place.i really wanted to like this game. interesting trans-humanist introspection, slightly askance view on the sacred nature of thought, and a truly interesting mystery; it was straight up my alley. after 8 hours with it, my exhaustion with the gameplay overwhelmed the compelling and interesting story."
76561198075932862,Not Recommended,257510,18141422,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,spare_3,"When you get stuck on a puzzle...and spend hours....there are no hints and no way to move forward in the game.  You effectively end the game stuck at a puzzle.  And there are no hints or even a way that the system realizes you can't figure one out after an hour.  It should eventually let you say ""skip""...and then take points off or something...."
76561198158055376,Not Recommended,257510,22510564,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Son of Numenor,"I am sorry to put I bad review on this game, but honestly I expected better. It did not capture my attention quickly and definitely didn't keep it. To compare to Portal (puzzle game wise) I was immediately pulled into Portal's story, but The Talos Principle didn't intrigue me. I really wanted to enjoy this game, but I can't get into it."
,Not Recommended,257510,19292989,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,danibrea,"The Talos Principle is a beatiful game, a piece of art on video engines, and it has some atractive both in the puzzles, the attrezzo and the philosophical part of the adventure.But in the end I wouldn't recommend it, it didn't give much hours of gaming nor it has been a real challenge. Who knows, maybe is the beggining of something better?"
,Not Recommended,257510,19860934,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,[DK]Eliasr,"While it contains puzzles that has it worth, especially finding hidden red bricks, the game still lacks a good storry. The setting is good but it somewhat crumbles as the edges of an  island are either water or air. I think the ones with water around gave the best immersion of why you just cudn't ""flee"" the island.The lot of the game is rather dull when you get to know/realize it.  While there is some lore to aid you in your decissions, i find the steam acheivements to be a stronger urge towards making these dicissions. That again makes the plot of the game  fade into the background because whether you chose one or another option, there will stille be all these achievements for making all the combinations that just urge you to save the game and try to get them  all in one run instead of  actually playing the game."
76561198055131259,Not Recommended,257510,17390248,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,zamdee,"Stunning visuals, great audio, interesting story! Puzzles are progressively harder, but do get kinda boring after a while."
76561198006476749,Not Recommended,257510,20339078,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Arkantos,"Nice game, I really want to like it but it's extremely buggy.Crashes to desktop every 15 mins and nothing i've tried seems to work.The sound goes on and off, and when I get a new puzzle piece, the hole game stops for a few second until I can continue.This is one of the few games that get the honour of completely crashing my computer, in fact I can not remember when was the last time a game did that.When I buy a game I want to enjoy playing it not looking through countless posts looking for solutions to game crashes.Also after a year of the release you should expect the game is more polished or at least patched.TL;DR; Looks good, poorly tested, crashes often."
,Recommended,257510,22873505,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,davidincostamesa,yes
76561198269130987,Recommended,257510,22988399,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,lapicidas,"Talos Principle - 4 Dimension - so great! I love it really, Many thanks for this wonderful game. See my screenshot :-)"
76561198004384209,Not Recommended,257510,25942379,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,stevesim89,interesting puzzle game. Just don't expect Portal-quality level designs and mind blowing puzzles
76561198156823600,Not Recommended,257510,22309593,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Funboat,"Hard to say no. I really wanted to recommend this, but the puzzles get old. And that's the whole point of a puzzler, right? The puzzles have to stay good.These ones didn't"
76561198061636252,Recommended,257510,27878143,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mastinge,"Beautiful game, finished it and immediately bought the dlc because I just wanted more."
,Recommended,257510,16491346,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Basterisk,Being a robot = instant 10/10.
76561198080552822,Recommended,257510,22822427,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Gabi,Great puzzles wrapped in an awesome story.
76561198007108663,Recommended,257510,22824483,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,White.Reaper.94,Really great game.  interseting all round.
,Recommended,257510,31207861,Posted: 17 April,all,Undecim,"A mostly solitary world exploration puzzle game, you are an AI wandering in the ruins of several civilizations. Though mostly relaxing, the puzzles can become quite challenging, especially if you are willing to push for the ideal ending. With a great, although subtle story, I would recommend this game for anyone who enjoyed the portal series and is looking to slow down a bit. Be warned as it might get a bit heavy handed when it comes to philosophy. Note that while the Road to Gehenna is worth playing, the other DLC isn't. This game was certainly worth my time and yours."
,Recommended,257510,25487387,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Count Cuckula,"Yeah this game is pretty cool. Tons of puzzles that mash your mind into a puddle when you get further into the game, a DLC that replaces the God with Serious Sam, and an extremely complicated and complex philosophical story that makes me question the very fabric of my being which is a pretty dangerous thing to do because it could destabilize the 𝕗𝕒𝕓𝕣𝕚𝕔 𝕠𝕗 𝕥𝕙𝕖 𝕦𝕟𝕚𝕧𝕖𝕣- oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ＩＴ＇Ｓ ＨＡＰＰＥＮＩＮＧ ＡＧＡＩＮ ＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡ"
,Recommended,257510,22668214,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,The Grey Sibling,One of my favourites.
,Recommended,257510,22773042,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,dbPieter,"This game actually made me appreciate life more, it's really unbelievable."
76561198043421780,Recommended,257510,17534789,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,NorwayGladiator,"Just, YES!"
,Recommended,257510,16492058,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,KuroiSense,i love this game
,Recommended,257510,14064064,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,pants,"i dont rember buying this game, but its wonderful~"
,Recommended,257510,17538632,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,CALS BUD NOT WILL,Good
76561198065220941,Recommended,257510,17360961,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,MustangNinjas,". . . I . . . I just . . .This is one of the best games I have ever played. While I enjoyed the puzzles, the atmosphere, story, notes, choices, dialogue, all came together to create on of the most captivating games I have ever played. It's like this game came straight from my dreams.If you want a deep, curiosity filled adventure that makes you question not just the game, but reality also, then buy this asap."
76561197970980626,Recommended,257510,16624792,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Shadow,
76561197985513334,Recommended,257510,15193569,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Flashjack,"Not on a Potral 2, but very good one nevertheless. Definitely would recommend."
,Recommended,257510,15722599,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,:-),very nice game
,Recommended,257510,31108061,Posted: 12 April,all,Noire Is Waifu,better than zero time dilemma
76561198076911749,Recommended,257510,20500955,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Norkan,I like it.
,Recommended,257510,20034836,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Hu$tl3r,Awesome first person puzzle game - quite challenging !
76561197963090049,Recommended,257510,15587453,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Redzin,"My first response when I hear of supposed philosophical games is a weary caution. In my experience, games have a tendency to either over simplify deep topics, or to present an obvious bias, both of which has a tendency create a very pretentious atmosphere.Talos Principle doesn't commit any of those mistakes, or really any major mistakes at all. It's an elegant, well-written game with interesting and difficult puzzles. The difficulty curve and pacing of the puzzles is nearly perfect, although, to be honest, the puzzle-solving aspect did feel just a little bit stale towards the end. New mechanics keep getting introduced throughout the game, but the later mechanics are just not as interesting or satisfying as the earlier ones. This is very subjective of course, and you may have a different opinion of the late game mechanics. However, not all mechanics are used in all puzzles, so even towards the end each new puzzle will feel very different from the last.The puzzles are broken up nicely by optional, but highly recommended interactions with a computer archive and its snarky AI archivist. The story, which has heavy religious and philosophical overtones, is told through these computer terminals, but also through Elohim, the omnipresent voice in the sky, and sound bytes scattered throughout the world. The world itself is also littered with religious symbols and similarities, mostly inspired by Christianity, but other religious inspirations are also prominent.Accompanied by a fantastic soundtrack that always matches the scenery, the result is a very relaxing, sometimes even serene game with a genuine and interesting philosophical story and well-paced, difficult puzzles. It is one of my favorite games I've played in 2015 so far and I highly recommend it."
76561197969693572,Recommended,257510,16455794,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dr. Buttdoctor,"Buy this game, idiot."
,Recommended,257510,31514601,Posted: 2 May,all,Stencil,You redirect lasers and like jam doors and floating death orbs and stuff
76561198000318945,Recommended,257510,15176233,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Trrcn,"There's no better way to review this game that to say it's alot like Portal.  If you liked Portal you'll like this game.  With that said The Talos Princople is a title developed by Croteam, the guys behind Serious Sam, and uses the same engine as Serious Sam 3.  Here you control an entity that through puzzle solving eventually comes upon computers that aide in his (or her) understanding of him(or her)-self.There's a ton of philosophy crammed in here so this is a great game for the social and politically minded.   The ambient musical score is phenomenal and in all honestly something they could package alone and make good money on.Pick it up if you like puzzles, music, or philosophy.  It sure is great."
,Recommended,257510,23838175,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,about 47 t-rexes,"This a really thought provoking game, and the world looks amazing. Defintely worth experiancing for yourself."
,Recommended,257510,25418503,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ブラン Everybody Hates Miki,"it's deep,  and like IRL god is a lie :x"
,Recommended,257510,33184986,Posted: 3 July,all,Krish,10/10Would have an existential crisis again.
76561198012584058,Recommended,257510,29756059,Posted: 6 February,all,do,"Suffers from what I call ""the perninal problem of puzzle games"", being that the problem space and possible operations are too well-defined; and thus the game becomes much too easy with a bit of brute force and common sense. The puzzles and its mechanics are well designed, but because of the aformentioned problem, about 70% of the puzzles I could solve without stopping at all.The story is interesting, but the problem with the A.I. & consciousness narrative is that... there isn't really anything new one can say about the subject. Issues like this have been debated back and forth since the beginning of time (or at least Descartes/Hobbs), and the relatively shallow philisophy that the game provides only worsens things. That being said, topics like these are a part of what I study in school, so your experience may vary.Also, this game makes me dizzy like no other despite being a fan of FPS games in general and despite turning on all of the anti-motion-sickness settings.6.5/10recommend if: you are interested in A.I. and other philosophy; if you are just looking for a puzzle game that is merely ""good"""
,Recommended,257510,17206563,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Dimitri,"""You mustnt go up that tower!""Going up the tower it is!"
,Recommended,257510,17195838,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Colorful Cat,"The Talos principle will hurt your brain i just played abit and really like it, good puzzles good atmosfeer and those irritating bleeping balls floating around well i must say: I REALLY LIKE IT11/10"
,Recommended,257510,21621387,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,|OM| TheBaahMaster,Makes Portal and Pneuma: Breath Of Life look like they were made by 7 year olds
,Recommended,257510,25864162,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,unescio,.
76561197985256983,Recommended,257510,17214318,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Saint Vandal,It's like Portal.. in Skyrim!
76561198011219028,Recommended,257510,31131861,Posted: 14 April,all,BuNz,Please buy
,Recommended,257510,14642780,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,JOHNYFIVE,Best PC puzzle game I've ever played in my life.. Totally worth the $$$$$$
,Recommended,257510,33743780,Posted: 23 July,all,Sem2Sem,oh darn
,Recommended,257510,30841968,Posted: 30 March,all,Fyyar,"Accidentally bought it, don't regret it."
,Recommended,257510,30842711,Posted: 30 March,all,GS Killerkram,"Bought for the cat, ended up being a lot better than I expected"
76561198125461331,Recommended,257510,34085834,Posted: 7 August,all,Gazaht,I need to play it more before I review...
,Recommended,257510,23729021,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Gehn,"This game made me question my own morality.10/10, would have an existential crisis again."
,Recommended,257510,21818119,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Tidreit,"The game is quite good, and very interesting."
76561198214614056,Recommended,257510,18965934,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,mr.billyb0bj0e,great game 9/11
,Recommended,257510,24186659,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TransparentNinja,Top 5 games
,Recommended,257510,21066387,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,I like the way you know I'm gay,Fun puzzles and interesting discussion of AI.  Not as much cat as you are lead to believe.
,Recommended,257510,31089248,Posted: 11 April,all,tidjean,"Very good game, I love the environement and the puzzles!!"
,Recommended,257510,35309935,Posted: 29 September,all,{RU}CAIIIA-777,"Отличная игра, всем советую поиграть!"
,Not Recommended,257510,21318586,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,thetimujin,"Many praise the story and philosophy in this game. Those are deceived.None of the ideas presented are new, interesting, or true. Most are not even wrong. They are, however, cleverly optimised to look important and deep. The game uses every trick in the con's book to create the impression.I am sure that hardly any of the authors was actually interested in resolving the issues presented. It was not true curiosity that drove the creative process, but insidiousness.This could be forgiven, if the ideas were actually in the gameplay, for the same reason we forgive simple hero-saves-the-princess plots in video games, when they play along with the rest of the game. In contrast, Talos Principle's method of storytelling is infodumping. The entire story is told by literaltext filesscattered along the game. When you're not solving puzzles (that have nothing to do with the story whatsoever), you're reading text. Might as well have read an actual book.As for the puzzles themselves, some are clever and unique, although most are straightforward and mechanical. I admit to be defenceless against boredom, and the few good puzzles were not worth the time spent on the tedious ones. If you are more resilient to repetition, you will probably enjoy it. Definitely try getting the stars, then."
,Not Recommended,257510,16685521,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,adamkemm,"The game seems fun, I enjoyed the atmosphere and puzzles so far, but after 2 hours or so, I may have to give up.The game makes me sick.  Physically ill.  I've tried the suggested setttings changes, but I start getting dizzy and sick every time after 10 min or so.  It is the craziest thing - I only think I've gotten motion sickness from a game a couple times in my life, but this does it like clockwork.If you have any sort of sensitivity to that sort of thing - watch out.  I wouldn't describe myself as necessarily someone who does and it gets me every time.Too bad - I was really looking forward to it."
76561197971427731,Not Recommended,257510,16749591,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,luzkov,"Between the puzzles and the story, the initial few hours were very fun. Unfortunately after about 4 hours you realize many of the puzzles are just different variations of the tool juggling skills you pick up in the A section of the game. The last 1 hour or so has an interesting twist on the puzzles but that isn't enough to carry my recommendation. The story remains fairly solid throughout the entire game and I did enjoy the world that was created. However, the game play really starts to drag it down after a while to the point where I could not over look it.Because the gameplay starts to drag on later and really starts to feel repetitive, I wouldn't recommend this game at full price. However, if there is a steam sale where you can get it between $10 and $20, then I'd recommend it."
,Not Recommended,257510,18633339,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,cheshire.panther,"I would be one of the that small minority that didf not like the game.In general the game is great. It has great setting, very nice calm and atmospheric feeling about it, amazing music and really good puzzles. For the most part.But the puzzles are what also ruins this game near at the end. I sould say this game lacks a proper play testing.The inconsistency of the red puzzles drives me nuts. Some of the puzzles are very beautifully crafted, but most of them are tedious, unpolished, overcomplicated and fail to telegraph the solution in a clear manner that I would expect from this game.There is a hint system which is a joke. You can basically get a three (3) hints for entire game, it's more difficult to unlock the hint than to solve the actual puzzle and the nature of the hints is so vague (e.g. ""blue goes over red"") that it kills entire point. I see no reason why this vague hints can not be displayed for evey puzzle, it will definitely work better for the game.At some point I realized that I am not able to progress the game even with endless hours of trial and error attempts. I started to read through walkthroughs and I was right after all. It's not me that is mentally handicaped (clearly some of the commenters may mark me as one), but the puzzles design that is bad.This game is often compared to portal. Well, Portal is great for the reason. This game is great in a way, but not nearly as perfect as it is portraited."
,Not Recommended,257510,24227636,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Charlie,"Coming off of Antichamber, I came in with high expectations. For a $40 puzzle game, I wanted a lot. I waited for the summer sale and picked it up for $10, because I was afraid it wouldn't live up to my expectations.Unfortunately, for me, the game really failed to deliver on the puzzles. I found most of them fairly straightforward if not slightly grindy. Normally I like a logic puzzle that you can break down into smaller tasks, but these were almost too easy. For a good 75% of the puzzles, there's just no way to get it wrong. Open one door, retrieve item to open next door, rinse, repeat.There were only a few puzzles that were difficult, and even then they weren't that satisfying to solve. It always came down to positioning an itemjustright.For the conversations you have where you can choose what to say when arguing about consciousness, etc. the choices you're given are fairly lacking. Often times it seems you're given no other choice but to ""admit"" your argument is flawed, simply because the game wants you to move in a certain direction. Overall, that was fairly disappointing. This happened at what one might consider a critical point in one of the subplots - I was forced to choose a decision I didn't want to make because it was the only option given to me. I couldn't even walk away.Pros:- Pretty environments- Plot idea is fairly interesting (IMO)- Some of the subplots are interestingCons:- Puzzles far too simple- Difficult puzzles not satisfying to solve- Some of the subplots are really not interesting- Dialogue choices are really lacking- PriceConclusion:For $40, I don't recommend this game. For the $10 price I purchased it for... even then, it's a stretch. I got 16 hours out of it, but they weren't satisfying or enjoyable hours. They were lost hours because the people I played Rocket League with were offline.tl;drGet Antichamber instead."
76561197970846919,Not Recommended,257510,21696684,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Ghostwalker71,"Talos Principle was a perfectly average puzzle game, rather enjoyable, with nice visuals and well thought out, though rather easy, puzzles. I was disappointed in the lack of variety for the puzzles but they were all fun to solve. That is until the last portion of the game. Some mule brain knuckle dragger decided to ""Amp it up"" so you do not get to observe and solve the ""puzzle"" at the end. You are forced to wait on the area to start falling to pieces then figure out which panel will fly away at just the right time so you can TRY to see your next point of interest through a black haze while the flooring falls out from under you. I bought Talos principle because I wanted a PUZZLE GAME not a fecking platform twitch game!I WILL NOT BUY ANOTHER GAME FROM THEM!"
,Not Recommended,257510,20898773,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,n1ckn4m3,"Many people enjoyed this game, and I'm not taking anything away from their enjoyment by saying I thoroughly did not enjoy this game.  I love puzzle games, some of my favorites have been Antichamber and Portal, but this game rapidly started to feel stale and repetitive, the only thing that kept the gameplay at all interesting was the narrative, but even that seems overrated.The game boils down to fairly simplistic puzzle solving elements that get progressively more difficult solely by complexity of solution -- never by complexity of mechanics.  Due to this, if you bore easily when being asked to do the same task different ways in different locations, you may tire of this as quickly as I did.  I didn't get this level of repetition fatigue when playing Portal/2, likely because each new added mechanic kept the gameplay from feeling stale.Don't grind me on the 0.6 hours of play time, I played it for longer than that but had some steam syncing issues where my offline time never got added to the overall play time.  All told I think I put in about 4-5 hours before just throwing in the towel.In short, I'm not saying it's a bad game, but I do think that a lot of the reviews neglect to point out that the basis of the game is to repeately solve almost the exact same puzzle, over and over and over again.  I just couldn't get through it because of that.  Your mileage may vary, many other people liked this game so don't take my word for it -- there's a demo!  Grab that and play through it before throwing your money at it."
76561198165382235,Not Recommended,257510,23637328,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mitredath,"This is a beautiful philosophical puzzle game. The hours of solely puzzeling in stunning worlds are compensated with optional long philosophical readings that unravel your history.Unfortunately, I got bored after hours of mindbreaking puzzles. For me it containted to little interaction with other characters and not enough diversity.When you'r re a puzzlegame lover , this is a beauty.If you, like me, are more of a point and click adventurer, looking for puzzles and conversation to unravel a story, this is not you cup of tea."
76561197974688776,Not Recommended,257510,21328710,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,terrorpapst,"It's pretty. However, it doesn't really excite me. Most puzzles are rather easy to solve. There's a lot of pretty useless text to be read. And even many hours into the game I'm not quite sure what it's all about. However I got bored and find it harder and harder to return to it. So no, I would not recommend it based on the fact that I got bored over mostly repeatitive puzzles and a plot that just doesn't give me any idea of why to go on. Technically it didn't disappoint and at least to begin with it's quite enjoyable to look at."
76561198059058441,Not Recommended,257510,21718164,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,dj1725,"I do enjoy this game, however the long anwser of why I don't recomend this is because it is over priced.The puzzles are challenging, the world looks pretty good, (sometimes it looks bad if your PC can't handel the graphics too well). I feel that the game is missing something, to make it a bit easier or to make you feel less alone. The storyline is really deep and very impressive, I just really get lost, because my atention span is like 3 seconds. overall, I really just say get it, when it's marked down on sale."
,Not Recommended,257510,34852621,Posted: 9 September,all,nightduck32,"This is by no means a bad game. If you really like puzzles and happen to get this on sale, go play it. The religious metaphors in the game make for an interesting story, but the pacing so excrutiatingly slow that I struggle to enjoy it."
,Recommended,257510,13325349,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Foretetoo,"I fell in love immediatly. Enchanting, beautiful and thoughtfull. This game is exactly what I was hoping for! A must play for anyone who enjoys games."
,Recommended,257510,13323105,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,figment,"Beautiful, plays smooth, puzzles are challenging. Price seemed high, but I'm only a few hours in and it already feels well worth it."
76561198030126225,Not Recommended,257510,17254302,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,taram.caldar,"I didn't really enjoy this game.  At first glance it looked like it might be a puzzler game like Portal, and it is.  But the puzzles aren't nearly as interactive and fun and the game is decidedly less interactive overall.  The concept is interesting but it failed to hold my attention.  I found the puzzles complex enough but there just wasn't enough interaction within the game to hold my attention.If you really love puzzle games this is worth a try but if you're looking for a more interactive experience, like Portal had, this probably won't be what you're looking for."
,Not Recommended,257510,19593425,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Trizo,"I played this with a friend, taking turns for roughly every puzzle or so, or if one of us got stuck then we'd switch. It was entertaining for a while. The puzzles are consistently a lot of fun. The graphics are absolutely beautiful. The sound effects and music are okay. We both couldn't stand the computer terminals though. They kind of tell the story, but for the most part just break you away from the game because most of the stuff that the terminals let you read is jibberish with some seemingly random emails mixed in. These emails and miscellaneous things can continue from terminal to terminal but they are so spaced out that you basically forget too much to derive any meaning or story from them. The only thing somewhat fun about the terminals are when they start to talk back. But even that got annoying. We just wanted to solve puzzles, dammit, not read a bunch of theories of consciousness! Not sure if you could go on while ignoring the terminal beeps but either way the completionist side of us made us click and skim over everything. Other than that, there were a couple neat secrets that we found but they did nothing except look cool. We stopped playing The Talos Principle at probably about 75% for several reasons: we got stuck on a tough puzzle, the terminals really began to make the game drag, and then the game had a big update forcing me to download the DLC in order to play again. Obviously, it doesn't make you buy the DLC, it just seems to make you download it. I'm assuming if and when you buy the DLC it will simply be a key that unlocks the already installed content. Still annoying. I don't want the DLC on my computer. I guess I don't want the base game on my computer anymore either. To sum up again, the puzzles and graphics are great. But everything else drags it down."
,Not Recommended,257510,25519134,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,T h a n e,Really fun and interesting at first but the more you play the more repetitive the puzzles become and you end up having to grind so many puzzles for your next upgrade or level. I havnt played the entire game but from where i am right now i dont see any replayability unless you buy the DLC.Fun at first but a grind fest the more you progress.
76561197979953003,Not Recommended,257510,21810360,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,PRESIDENT BRIE,"People aren't yet tired of this kind of puzzle games?! Puzzle tools vary everything else doesn't. Literally think about? What differentiates this from Magrunner, QUBE, Quantum Conundrum, the ball, swapper, antichamber WARP and Portal?! I just bought on sale cos people praised it highly. No suprise here. We solve puzzles from 1st / 3rd person perspective and descent into mundane tedious repetitve fest after  a short while. Sure some games can keep you going a bit longer thanks to little extra things devs have bothered to add to the genre. No, the plot here doesn't keep you going either.  Back in 2007 It was a novice and then the genre got stale and boring really fast. There's zero flexibilty or variotions in solving puzzles. They don't add anytthing to make them interesting. Had they allowed to throw a jammer, jump over a fence and so on it'd be a better game."
76561198160228953,Not Recommended,257510,22597276,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,hechtx3,"I am a little peeved by the game. I have only played a bit and enjoyed and solved all the early puzzles. But- you will notice the ads imply that it is of philosophical interest. No, not unless you have never thought about anything in your life. The story line is very irritating and unpleasant. Worse, they act as if this is profound when it involves strawperson arguments. I realize the gaming world is going to have this slant but maybe some of the game devs need to encounter a more robust and mature philosophy. Without this element, I would like the game quite a bit, so part of it is the misleading idea you might learn something new. The puzzles are fun."
,Not Recommended,257510,20699885,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Prof. Pepper,"Are you interested in philosophy? Chances are the ""new ideas"" they try to present to you you've already thought about.Too much reading, expecting me to care about every piece of text.Trying too hard to be profound.Puzzles are fun, although whole game is not worth $40 USD, however I can appreciate the amount of effort that went into it.Buy it on sale."
,Recommended,257510,14954533,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Flynn,"Thought-provoking philosophical game with an intelligent plot, clever puzzles and multiple twist endings.If you're into existential artifical-intelligence science fiction and have questions about reality and life after death, you do not want to pass on this game."
76561198033967550,Not Recommended,257510,17388686,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,DirtyDingo,"---Slight spoiler---While I appreciate various endings to a game, the first one resulting in restarting the game put a bad taste in my mouth."
76561198086919619,Not Recommended,257510,27300026,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mastropiero,The puzzles are nice and the enviroments are pretty but it's too pretentious storywiseNo ♥♥♥♥ing way this is worth 40 bucks. Buy it when it's $15 or under
76561197972684681,Not Recommended,257510,19756834,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,sean.grady,"Played this game part way through and loved it.  My son started a new game on a separate machine using my account and using streaming and it deleted my game.  I assumed that it was because it was being played by streaming that my game was overwritten, so I installed it on the other machine and started again.  My son restarted the second machine and my game was deleted again.In this day and age, how is there a game that can only have one game playthrough available at a time?  After playing for several hours twice and losing all of my progress, I'm not sure I can stomach a third partial playthrough.  Very dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,257510,20423875,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Argus,The game is pretty and some of the puzzles are incredibly challenging. There's some philosophy that goes on in the plot which I first enjoyed and then ended up getting impatient with. I'm six puzzles from the end and not certain that I want to finish - I wish the game were just a bit shorter.
,Recommended,257510,22997248,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Armery,THE CAT IS REAL
76561198028102312,Not Recommended,257510,20093714,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,AdamPettit82,"i hate it although i was expecting a sandbox game but, i thought portal and portal 2 were great this game is just too repettitve                     i'm sorry for my lack of play time but it's just not interesting i wish there was a way to refund it"
,Not Recommended,257510,20314172,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mike,This game is repetitive and boring.
,Not Recommended,257510,20556028,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,[78. SID] OTL Krieg,Idk why I just didnt like this game...
76561197961088909,Not Recommended,257510,17963285,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Intrepid,A decent puzzle game; gets rather boring.  THIS NEEDS MULTIPLAYER... wtf Croteam?
76561198023931021,Recommended,257510,31091731,Posted: 11 April,all,Joseph H,Cover image promised me a cat. Didn't deliver.10/10 would recommend anyway
76561198113441050,Not Recommended,257510,20349135,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,hurmur,"Picked this game up for 10.00 on the winter sale, start was intriguing but by the end I wanted a refund. Unfortunately I played too much of it to be eligible. Mainly out of a need to finish what I started. Don't buy this game, watch youtube for the story (it isn't well thought out)They use audio logs and text logs in disguise to tell the story, because everyone loves those soo much!This game started off well, but it is really badly paced towards the end. As in I didn't really want toplay but just wanted to see the story. It felt like someone handed me a book of crosswords and said ""finish this and I'll tell you the rest of the story""The story is all over the place by the end. I still cant make out what the message of the story was?It was mostly a really bad allegory for the religious idea of god and the devil?It tried to add in philosophical debates but just ended up putting words in your mouth and thentries to trap you with a paradox, as a means of convincing you of something you didn’t say?The right ending is listen to the devil?, because curiosity means you're smart?Oh the backstory of the humans is a majorly bleak, and not in a sad beautiful way, it'sjust really bleak.I give this game a watch it on youtube if you’re really bored and don't buy it / out of 10"
,Recommended,257510,33021306,Posted: 29 June,all,Spyro ▀█▀ Dragon,|---  Pros ---|Good graphicsGood StorylineGood puzzlesVerry good music ( 100/10 )Made by same guys who made Serious Sam Series (Croteam)Verry mind stimulating for those who like puzzle challenges|--- Cons ---|Same menu as serious Sam bfeSame graphics as serious Sam bfe  -- makes game feel rushed.Only Single PlayerToxic Community - Your not allowed to have a negative review or be trolled in comments.Not rocket sceince that they threw in subliminal religion insults
76561198211443484,Not Recommended,257510,25198279,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,scottdharris85,"Smart, interesting, well designed, and I didn't finish it because I got ♥♥♥♥ing bored."
,Recommended,257510,22823198,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,OhioMan,"Decided to purchase this game after trying the demo and when it was free weekend play, played it a little and did a couple puzzles and I must say that this game is fun. The puzzles are decent and the graphics is really good as well..Buy this on sale like I have.."
76561198025032371,Not Recommended,257510,23533163,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,yakso,"This is the only game that has ever given me motion sickness. I can only now play it for about five minutes at a time. I've tried all the different settings, but something is just _wrong_ about the optics or motion.The logic puzzles (especially in the first act) are quite good. However, late in the game the developers (either wussed out or got lazy and) started putting in puzzles that require not just logic, but also split-second action-game timing and dexterity to ""solve."" (Jump at just the right moment, then move over here, run there, and press this key at just the right time!)   Yeah, I can do those kinds of challenges if I have to, but that's not the stype of game that I like to play. It's not what I bought this game for, and it's not rewarding enough to me to push past the motion sickness.I stopped playing once I reached the second of those fake ""puzzles"" and I don't plan to ever finish this game because I no longer enjoy it."
,Recommended,257510,16706736,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"*NEW: GTX 950 Benchmark: Vulkan APIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIgS6Sc7De0The Talos Principle is a philosophical first-person puzzle game from Croteam, the creators of the legendary Serious Sam game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2Qf_y-Vc2YAs if awakening from a deep sleep, you find yourself in a strange, contradictory world of ancient ruins and advanced technology. Tasked by your creator with solving a series of increasingly complex puzzles, you must decide whether to have faith or to ask the difficult questions: Who are you? What is your purpose? And what are you going to do about it? - Highly Recommended!"
,Recommended,257510,21498262,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Teagon,Great game.Now I am unable to prove that I am not a robot to captcha while downloading from the net.
,Not Recommended,257510,24100087,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,tuncstic,"After playing for less than an hour, I've concluded that this is not my sort of game. It's pretty much pure puzzle. If you like that, you may enjoy it, but I didn't."
,Not Recommended,257510,26910132,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dick Masterson,"The puzzles are hardly puzzles.  They always involve some ""gotcha"" moment that makes no sense.  The story is about as interactive as ""Dear Esther.""  This is as much of a game as listening to a book on tape about philosophy while playing broken sudoku and slapping yourself in the face simultaneously.  I have no idea why anyone likes this.  Probably my biggest regret of all my gaming purchases ever."
,Recommended,257510,16724880,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,deavonis199,Scroll the ♥♥♥♥ back up and click 'Add to Cart' right now.
,Recommended,257510,16050357,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,elviscera,"I've changed my evaluation to thumbs up because I really like the game and the game play but it must be said that it crashes my (otherwise very reliable) system WAY too much.  I think it is obvious that the developers know about this crash since they had the unbelievable audacity to put in an Easter Egg that shows a display exhibiting the precise crash (a bad pointer reference).  To make matters worse the crashes tend to hose up the file system (I had to do a backup restore once).  So I love the game but WTF, fix the crashing already..."
76561198042590261,Recommended,257510,29108869,Posted: 7 January,all,Toxic Larva,I recommend this game
76561198297719990,Recommended,257510,31091135,Posted: 11 April,all,Negative*,A nice quiet game to keep the mind busy. Well done.
,Not Recommended,257510,26493820,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Edgy Mcedgyface,"The game crashes a lot, even on safe mode. i'm suspecting that it crashes because of the xbox 360 controller i have connected. this game has been out for almost 2 years and there are still bugs, that's not very good."
,Not Recommended,257510,34170123,Posted: 11 August,all,Shaani,"If you like constant, and i mean utterly nonstop puzles, and you like to do a whole ton of reading maybe this game is for you.Dont get me to wrong it is an ok game and i did enjoy it for quite a while and probably will go back to it sometime, but to me it got kind of borring. All the puzles are very intricate and creative, and none are the same, but after about 18 hours i loged its like enough is enough let do something a litle bit diferent come on."
,Recommended,257510,28500093,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"One of the few games I have played in recent times that I would describe as both interesting and good.That's really the only way I can say it.  It's interesting, engaging, and philosophical without being pretentious or obnoxious about it.The puzzles are interesting and satisfying to solve, although you might find most of them a bit easy.  The environments are nice to look at.  The sound work is great."
76561198128259774,Recommended,257510,30029092,Posted: 19 February,all,LeafyIsHier,"Best game , Best story, the ending? oh my ♥♥♥♥ing gosh . make a number two"
76561198216948009,Not Recommended,257510,21896258,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Bluestarlover1787,Fun but I had to look up how to get throw all of levels.
,Recommended,257510,19388879,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Matte,"it's so rare to find such good games, which such a good script and such good gameplay, capable of keeping you hooked up (I finished the game in three very intense days where I logged almost 10 hours per day!).it's a bit like Portal but with a heavy philosophical twist, capable of making you doubt all your assumptions on who are you and what a person is, questions on consciousness and intelligence."
76561198025914520,Recommended,257510,31839412,Posted: 19 May,all,Mavi,Buy it.
,Recommended,257510,13338492,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ZIGS,Best Lumberjack simulator ever 10/10
76561198076534684,Not Recommended,257510,17576875,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Naadii,"I really wanted to play this, and I tried just about everything I could think of. Unfortunately I just couldn't get past the motion sickness (I tried all sorts of adjustments). I know I'm prone to it, but I can usually play things in short bits. This made me sick within the first minute of gameplay. Looks great, but if a game has ever made you feel sick, it probably won't work for you."
,Not Recommended,257510,16646759,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Zuja,"I really wanted to like this game, but I just can't bring myself to continue it. Don't get me wrong, it looks great (although it runs surprisingly slow given the low number of moving objects) and has a commendable amount of content for a puzzle game. So if you are one who really likes puzzle games, there's good stuff in here.But while there is beef in the stew, it lacks spices. A lot of the puzzles are the bread-and-butter ""here's N helpful objects, use them to pass through M obstacles"", and it handles the introduction of new objects weirdly. There are a plethora of introductory puzzles, sure (maybe too many since it took several hours to geta box!), but there are a lot of cases where I was held by not knowing a specific interaction between objects worked. Now, there are exactly two feelings that follow a discovery like that: ""oh, cool I can do that!"" or ""right, 'cos THAT was obvious..."". For me, it was unfortunately more of the latter. This might be partly due to the general physics in the game, which felt very clunky. One of the main reasons I did stop playing Talos was the wave of several puzzles where the puzzle was solved by first doing X with objects and then some time-sensitive platforming move. That was pretty horrible given the almost scripted nature of some movements. Jumping is really clunky and not really coherent in where you are able to jump (sometimes disabled by the slightest of tilts in the surface so you'll just slide away), climbing ladders is nauseating as it hinders your camera and you can't disable the bob effect, and no you cannot crouch. In the same vein, while there may be multiple ways to solve most puzzles, I encountered a couple of cases where it was clear that what I was trying to do, normally well within the established sandbox, wasn't working because they didn't want it to.The levels do look pretty, but it is not functional design at its best. Your sprint key will be in intense use, largely because the puzzles all resemble a labyrinth where you are the rat. This means you lack a good overall view of puzzles, and usually spend a couple of minutes orientating yourself and finding all the useful objects before actually getting to do/think anything. This isn't helped by identical textures used everywhere, which takes a bit off the aesthetic pleasure.Now, the plot is quite heavy-handed. I was intrigued by the setting for the first few levels, but then it became clearer that it would not progress strongly all throughout the game, and for the following hours what little dialogue there was, it was feeding the same message. It felt like padding the mystery for the sake of mystery, which eroded my motivation as it became clear that none of this would yield any useful information until I progress way further in the game. Additionally, for a game that has all these philosophical elements, your own dialogue options are disappointingly limited and mostly seem to exist so that the MLA (your only(?) dialogue counterpart) can appear clever. For a game that asks you all these metaphysical questions, it does not seem to expect you to be able to present any real answers about them."
76561197967900359,Not Recommended,257510,21467220,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Some Sort of Palsy,"I feel like I have to not recommend this game given all of the overwhelmingly positive reviews.  It needs to be taken down a notch – it’s just not that good.I bought this game based on a recommendation from a friend and ended up being fairly disappointed.  While I appreciate the technical execution and didn’t find any glaring technical flaws, the puzzles start to get monotonous well before the second building.  It’s just more and more puzzles with no reward.  I would have appreciated a nice cinematic or some more from the interaction with the computers.  I also found the philosophy to be very dull.  It’s a novel concept, but wasn’t integrated well into the little bit of story that was there.I suppose that if you really like puzzles, this could be the game for you.  It wasn’t for me and I’ll likely never play it again."
,Not Recommended,257510,26019365,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,DJ Heady,"I really wanted to like this game, because I loved Portal and I like puzzles. The reviews were so positive and intro marketing made this game look perfect. So it grabbed me. It started as fun, but very soon it started to be boring. Puzzles again and again...and again. I was in hall A and I was like what? So many similar puzzles? Then I discovered halls B and C...no way (in negative sense)! Repetitive puzzles all over the game. And story? Sorry guys, but I really didn’t buy this game to read a ton of (useless) text. Like where is the gradation in this game?I somehow cannot recommend this game. I got bored. I tried to play it several times. I always got bored."
76561198243745492,Not Recommended,257510,23620238,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,reklame USCalf.,"Based on many positive reviews, I bought this game. However, I feel sorry I did. It might be that several puzzles are challenging, but in general I find this game boring. Landscaping changes in different variations but are all of the same boring principle as are the challenges. I guess you really need to be attracted by this sort of games, I'm not."
76561198025900776,Not Recommended,257510,25537095,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,DrCapon,"The puzzles were sort of easy, and the ending was unsatisfying (I went to the top of the tower).  I looked up the other endings and they weren't that mind blowing either.  I feel like they could have done something better with the cool premise they built up.I have to say though, my conversations with the computer did make me laugh.5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,257510,22423791,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,WhiteSnow,"From lack of words I previously rated this game just.  ""mmm"" with a thumb up.---Now that I have reached the credits I only have one word to describe it.---TRASH.----THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTE TRASH.I am not trolling you. If you enjoy being tortured...... grab a pencil and stick it in your balls. but do not think about buying this bullsh-it  game.I say it again. and not trolling, this game is absolute trash.Do yourself a favor and grow a tree and watch it grow over the years. it will give you fruits and even apples."
76561198076622031,Recommended,257510,23332373,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,phyrre,Frogs are people too.10/10 mind blown
76561198076208998,Recommended,257510,14043481,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,An Enigma,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥they hired the devs of serious sam to make portal 3
,Recommended,257510,13378423,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Somoon,
,Not Recommended,257510,33527227,Posted: 13 July,all,menmaatre,"The Talos Principle is a very beautiful game and has many challenging puzzles but after a while the environment and the puzzles become tedious, with little variation to surprise players along the way or drive curiosity. If you get stuck with a puzzle, you can get help within the game, but this requires you to solve additional puzzles and for only a single hint--with a grand total of three in the entire game.The hints are particularly helpful either.The story is predictable and offers little insight into the subject it attempts to illuminate. The developers try too hard to sound smart but the narrative ultimately gets lost in generalizations far removed from the subject matter."
,Not Recommended,257510,21982990,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,FreeHomeBrew (Producer@TLLPS),"I've got mixed feelings about this game and would say ""buy it when it's on sale if you must"". I recommend it a bit more if you're religious because it can give you new/other insights (some good some bad). I'm not religious myself so I don't know this from first hand experience, but I think it would if I had been religious.The pro's:+ A blend of puzzles inside mazes. I imagine this can be quite a challenge especially if you've got low spacial awareness.+ Game tries to be deep and achieves this at some levels but misfires on others.+ Looks pretty. Nice textures and renditions.+ Nice level system, reminds me of Oddworld (central hub with sub-levels).+ Unlock items before you can truly progress, though plenty of freedom.+ Secrets to be unlocked/hidden puzzles/items.+ Nice soundtrack. Superb.+ Short loadings with good transitions.+ Lots of content.The con's:+ No instructions when unconventional solution is required, though this could also be a pro:Requires thinking outside the box. Sometimes hit, sometimes mix.+ Super easy puzzles. Not as easy as Portal 2 though. Easier than Anti-chamber.+ No consistently increasing difficulty. Some puzzles aren't even puzzles while others require thinking 3+ steps ahead.+ No hints (can be unlocked). I didn't need hints but I can imagine others do.+ The gameplay does not feel relevant to the story. At all. Really disappointing this one.+ The game is waaaaaay heavier than it needs to be. Seriously, it could've been made 10-15 years ago.The engine, textures and soundtrack don't make up for the simple gameplay.+ On the story, the answers you'd like to give aren't always presented as options (no good answers).+ Also a lot of religious elements which don't connect with me at all since I've never been religious to begin with.Would've been nice if it could connect though.Like I said, get it when it's on sale. It's not worth the 40 euro's/dollars/gbps what have you. I got it for 10. I'd say 20 would be plenty for this game. I will be replaying this game after I've completed it to make sure I've not missed anything.Hope this helps."
,Recommended,257510,25414470,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,BibiFloris,"if ""player"" Plays Demo then""Player"" = love Talos Principleif ""Player"" = Love Talos Principle then""Player"" Buys Talos Principle"
76561198358617964,Not Recommended,257510,35436536,Posted: 2 October,all,创造自我，追求无我,辣鸡，老是闪退
,Not Recommended,257510,15270553,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Rhombus,"I was ready to believe the hype. I wanted to enjoy this game. And I did, for the first five hours or so. But after that, it became tedious. By the half-way mark the game ceased to be a rewarding experience and became a chore, a checklist to finish and finally reach what turned out to be an unsatisfying ending.The philosophical aspect of the game followed the same arc as the puzzles: from interest to fatigue. The insights into the moral and philosophical complexities of AI begin well, and discussions with the Milton Library Assistant are a fun mental exercise. Unfortunately, as the game progresses, the existentialism of the computer program becomes more hackneyed and less insightful, and the game gives you fewer and fewer good choices as answers. The discussions devolve into the game writers leading you into poorly worded and poorly thought out ideas, and then force you to either acknowledge the fallacy in your argument or leave the discussion with a ""well, screw you"" response. The worst of it is, this begins to happen just as the puzzles start to become monotonous, which is precisely when you want the storyline to pick up the slack.In defense of the game, the start was well-paced, and the learning curve was appropriate. The most enjoyable aspect of the game was exploration: there's plenty to see and read, and there was satisfaction and intrigue as your character progresses and learns more about the world he is in and what the backstory is. It could be worth playing, although I'd only buy it on sale, and I'd recommend taking plenty of breaks. Also, if it's starts to become tedious, don't bother finishing it. I wish I had the ten or so hours I spent completing the game back, and had just watched the endings on youtube instead."
76561197971414916,Recommended,257510,22848732,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Flonc,Cool
,Not Recommended,257510,34159315,Posted: 10 August,all,-DOOMER-,"This game was a bit of a letdown, I was very hyped after reading the reviews and watching the videos.  The gameplay just felt crude and clunky though and the story was contrived and felt forced.  There is some depth hidden in the pages and pages of text and the clues to the story do seem intriguing.  However, the gameplay was repetative even after just an hour.  It's not a bad game persay, but its not one I would recomend."
,Recommended,257510,17392764,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Pèpè Silvia,"A wonderful puzzle game with great atmosphere, good stor, excellent puzzles\design; and secrets galore!If you like games similar to Portal, this game will not dissapoint! Plenty of content to keep you busy, a cool soundtrack, and a story that will keep you interested.9/10"
,Not Recommended,257510,30048859,Posted: 19 February,all,Computerfreak,"It was good for the first few hours, and then the game started to feel like an endless grind. Might pick it up again in a year or two.Due to the fact that I lost interest in it before making it even quarter way through the game, I am unable to recommend The Talos Principle at this time."
76561198010335843,Recommended,257510,32073746,Posted: 30 May,all,Plebleb,"Talos Principle is a 3D puzzle game structured much like Portal in which there are multiple ""test chambers"" and you must solve the puzzles within using the tools they give you. They can vary from cubes, to electronic jammers, to laser beam connectors, and much more. There's an overarching story that delves into philosophy of intelligence and other topics. Much of the story is told through computer terminals and voice messages.The puzzles in this game hit the elusive sweet spot that Portal also did by being rewarding and anti-frustration. Unlike, say, The Swapper, which I found to be far too difficult. Trust me, if you're stuck, do not use a walkthrough-- a little trial and error and ruling out bad solutions will eventually get you to where you need to go, and you may even admire your intricate laser beam connections at the end. There's a lot of puzzle variety and just when you start getting bored the game throws some new tools your way and complicates the puzzles. Talos Principle isn't much more than a puzzle game with some philosophy quips here and there, but the way it presents itself is what really makes it special.One issue I had with the game is the collection of optional stars in this game, which are hidden throughout the hub worlds in the game. Collecting these without a walkthrough is almost impossible because of the obscure nature of what you're supposed to do and where some objects are hidden. It's a pretty pointless endeavor overall and doesn't seem to fit with the rest of the game.Overall I highy recommend. If you played Portal and wished there were something else like it, this is the closest you're going to get."
,Recommended,257510,33389012,Posted: 8 July,all,A c r o,noice
,Not Recommended,257510,26995832,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,|NM| Zombie Bacon,"Feels like a lesser, boring portal clone.  The mystery/story gets old pretty quick.Can't bring myself to play it anymore.  Last few times I just looked up a puzzle if it wasn't quickly apparent."
,Not Recommended,257510,16765655,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,randsm5,"Fun for a few hours, but toward the end puzzles become tedious and repetitive.  About half way through the game, there is nothing new left to learn and there are just a few techniques that you apply again and again until the end.  Most puzzles are too easy.  Difficult puzzles are often due to game's failure to mention actions that you can or can't perform.The only drive to keep solving tedious puzzles is a voice telling you not to climb the forbidden tower (which you solve puzzles to gain entry) and keeps reminding you to have ""faith"".  A computer terminal that constantly mocks you and get you thinking questions that you can't answer right because the game's limited choices.  The game feels like a giant reverse psychology experiment, dares player to keep playing it, no matter how mediocre and unnecessarily long it is.More tedious than the puzzles are the heavy reading in form of archived text files.  There are bits and pieces of text and audio recording that help make up the story and intended to drive some emotion.  But they ultimately felt flat and repetitive.The visual and audio are the best parts.I wish the game had more clever puzzles and forget all the nonsense about philosophy, humanity, faith and *beep*.  The game is overrated and overpriced.  Ok if on sale ($14 or less).  Makes me want to play Portal 2 again."
,Not Recommended,257510,16899679,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,-IWPL- Herc,"I hate to write a review about a game I did not finish, but I really wanted to let other gamers know why I could not bring my self to complete this game.  At first it was fun, interesting, and mysterious, but as it wore on the puzzles became tedious and repetetive, and the game quickly becomes a chore to play.  The texts that you find on the terminals scattered around the map were interesting for awhile, but after the 50th page of almost incoherent text that is trying to hint at some greater goal, I gave up and stopped reading them altogether.  I feel like the developers spent too much time transcribing a philosophy textbook into the game, and not nearly enough time creating good puzzles.  Maybe I'm missing the point of this game, but I was intrigued at first, and now I almost become nauseated at the sight of it.3/10 Would not recommend to anyone except philosophy majors."
,Not Recommended,257510,20237191,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[AK] Penitent Exile,"The puzzles are fine, but game sucks anyway. I can feel through the screen how hard creators try to push their depressive ideology into player's brain. And I hate that feeling. Portal has good puzzles too, but without european philosophy style ""we all die, I cry big tears"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It's good to make people think about these questions, but it's not good to pressure the answers in their heads, especially in such a way."
,Not Recommended,257510,17213037,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Vincenator,"I played The Talos Principle because of all the praise I heard for its interesting philosophies, but I was a bit disappointed by the game. The abstract concepts in the game weren't bad, but they weren't particularly novel or engaging. That being said, I did have some fun learning about the world of the game.However, I found many of the puzzles to be mediocre. Most of their difficulty came from having to keep track of the state of many objects, not from having to think in new ways. I ended up looking up the solution for a few of the puzzles, and I did not regret doing so at all. I found these puzzles to be more frustrating than challenging, even though the game's overall difficulty was appropriate.The Talos Principle is an okay puzzle game that presents somewhat worthwhile concepts in a fairly interesting way, but neither the gameplay nor the plot is compelling enough for me to recommend this game."
76561198063677198,Not Recommended,257510,22977515,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,CleverWire,"Without giving any spoilers I will tell you that the story seems like it would be really good. It does a good job not telling you who is the enemy and who is the good guy, who seems to be the good and bad guy will change based on the person's experiences and I really want to finish to see how it ends. But I just can't stand the puzzles they just feel so repetitive and tedious . The majority are easy except for a few which I got stuck on and I solvded in a way that I just can't tell if I am doing it correctly or if I am just breaking the game. It got to a point where the every puzzle felt boring because I have done that already, or the puzzle was just too tedious for me to want to do it, or I felt like I was breaking the game. I played it to what I think is the middle endish part and I just couldn't play it anymore even though I really wanted to know how it ends, who is the corect choice. I'll admit it is very intriging, but I can't recomend this game because I don't want to put someone though that tedious and repetitive puzzles."
,Not Recommended,257510,17257520,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,piotr_mil,"Though it looks like a nice idea for a logic game, it's an obvious Portal-wannabe. I recommend playing the latter. Unclear, clearly not logical mechanics, pretentious pseudo-philosophical morals (which doesn't make the game any better or worse) and lack of the quick save functions ruins the game, despite my best intentions to enjoy it."
76561198062524408,Not Recommended,257510,21677075,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Madflasher,"How long do I need to play this before it gets interesting? Played for nearly an hour and totally bored, solving easy repetive puzzles and reading lots of seemingly irrelevant things on the terminals. Just wondering if I should waste any more of my life on this?"
76561198029396354,Not Recommended,257510,21843949,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,greg.kimsbury,"From the reviews I expected something interesting with fiendish puzzels.To my intense disappointment it was more like a platform game, with just a series of basic logic tests.No proper theme or story. To me, I am sorry to say that it was totally boring.Waste of money, even with the discount!"
76561198109057278,Not Recommended,257510,21688695,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,KamikazeSanta,"If you own a mac do not get this game. The first section works great but after that there is a shadow glitch that makes it near impossible to play. They say they cannot fix this because it is a problem with how Apple does its processors.Otherwise, playing even the beginning of this game was amazing and got me hooked. I wish I could find a way to play this game now."
,Recommended,257510,16347360,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Tim Curry Smile,"I came here for the puzzles, and I left questoning what defines the living.This is a spatial / logic puzzle game. It has a very nice difficulty curve which still has some really challenging puzzles. The story in it is the best part of it all, it's a philosophical story about AI and an exploration in what it means to be a living thing. It's also really polished in both gameplay and story.If you're thinking about purchasing it, then try the demo first.Puzzle games aren't for everyone but if you're a big fan then this is a pretty safe bet."
76561198027016437,Not Recommended,257510,35265848,Posted: 28 September,all,mckracken,"cant take anymore of these abstract puzzle solving rooms, only to later read some mails debating the ""philosophy""  if robots should cry or a computer is alive or just a programmed hunk of plastic and transistors et cetera... (hint its the latter)"
,Recommended,257510,22816068,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,_J_K_L_[ISR]_,"Great puzzel game, and it has a nice story."
,Recommended,257510,21896525,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,MeatShake,"Puzzles need a little work, found myself solving them the ""wrong way"" by accident a lot of the time. The lack of restriction is a nice change in a puzzle game- though. Take it as a +/- complaint.Also a very good game to relax in."
,Recommended,257510,24518890,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,◦ ◎ ◉ ◯ M ◦ G ◦ X,6.5/10
76561197976565082,Not Recommended,257510,31690849,Posted: 11 May,all,Maxoun,"This is one of the worst puzzle games that I know of.It's both easy (braindead level of easy) and repetitive, which in turn makes it feel tedious and boring."
,Not Recommended,257510,26063070,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,captain_friday,"This game is basically a dogmatic shoehorning of reason by means of sounding smart and using multiple texts to support it's ideas. Only the texts that actually support other theories and ideologies are not to be found. It says, ""What do you think about consiousness? Here is how I want you to anwer. If your answer isn't here, you must answer how I want you to so that you can consider my ideas. Here is a small exerpt from a text that supports my idea, free from it's original context. Wow! Its like it totally agrees with me! Don't I sound clever?! Here, move a box and then rush over to more indoctrination!"" Just like all Scifi, it is a fantasy world created soley for the purpose of sharing the writer's ideas of how the world is and how it should change. Nothing new under the sun. If you like puzzles, don't click on the computers. If you like to be brainwashed, go ahead and click a console."
76561197977776470,Not Recommended,257510,28492786,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Next,I could not play this more than an hour at a time due to motion sickness.  I play all kinds of 1st/3rd person action games and never have a problem but for some reason this one is so nausea inducing.  I finally stopped all together after I played it too long and almost barfed.
,Recommended,257510,22817704,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Leatthen,Confusing at first but once I got the jist of it I raced through most of the puzzles.
76561198004824456,Not Recommended,257510,31145971,Posted: 14 April,all,LexNH,"If you are terrible at puzzles, and haven't ever had a philosophical thought before, this game is for you.Pros:-beautiful scenery and sci-fi gadgetry-cool theme in general-the story line goes somewhere interesting maybe? I'm not sticking around to find outCons:-puzzles are boring, and repetitive-computer terminals are painful, and make you feel as if you should read every piece of boring text-the philosophical element of this game is really heavy handed. It will be crammed down your throat upon entry"
,Not Recommended,257510,28462530,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Super Hercules,"This game started out very fun.  The storyline was also mysterious.It became tedious after 20 hours of tetris puzzles and shooting laser beams across a map.  The ending wasn't worth the hours spent in this game.  The ending felt very rushed, and left a lot of open ends.If you want to know how this game ends, don't waste your time, and just watch a video on youtube."
76561198041778697,Not Recommended,257510,23314175,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Rauk,"The first bit was ok, but it seemed to drag on. Puzzles seem to grow more monotonous and unengaging. As you complete challenges, the new ""abilities"" you get are weaker and less fun than the ones you were granted at the start."
76561198172691486,Not Recommended,257510,32671690,Posted: 23 June,all,Silhouette Fleur,"Due to motion sickness I cannot recommend this otherwise brilliant game.There are motion sickness settings, I find they don't work.I would attribute this to the engine it was built on (Serious Engine 4), a remarkable piece of programming and I assume at Croteam's own hands, however it does not suit this game.Something about the visuals, messing about with brightness, FPS, and certain other settings has done nothing to offset this, the only helpful thing I can say is that no other game does this to me, and that it might be better suited to an engine such as that used for Portal.The storyline to this game is brilliant, the human touch when reading snipets of people's lives on in game terminals is hauntingly beautiful, and the puzzles are a delight.In some way I feel the puzzles are a little over done, there are physical puzzles akin to those a player might encounter in Portal, but there is also the auditory puzzle of what is going on with the main story, and the tetris like puzzles employed to open doors. -- The player solves puzzles to solve other puzzles to solve yet more puzzles ... This works well in a room to room environment where the puzzles remain largely similar (such as Portal), this works well when it's a puzzle app on a phone that has page after page of puzzles, it sadly does not work so well when (much like Dark Siders) one is bouncing back and forth between puzzles. (I wish I could explain that better.)I feel those who are not up on their christian mythos are also at a slight disadvantage in relation to references such as Elohim, Gehena, Samsara, and more, for those who are, what comes next is a little obvious.I really did love this game on PS4 where the motion sickness was slightly less of an issue, I hope those who do purchase don't suffer the same unplayable motion sickness I do because it really is THAT good.It would be nice to play out what happens after the ending, that left me very curious."
,Not Recommended,257510,28526195,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ystah,"While I'd love to give this a positive review it was just to easy overall with the exception only being some levels at the very end that were intermediate.I think my biggest concern is that you always solve the levels gradually and they get easier the more you progress through a level.Basically it's just ""pick that thing up and look how far you get with it. If you hit a wall pick up the second thing and move forward"".The good thing is that you can run around really quickly (enabled in the option menu) which you need because some level are really big. This makes these levels slightly harder but just because you don't have the big picture right from the start, but need to explore the levels. Sadly this is only a time delay that doesn't add to the complexity of the puzzles.I love to have these ""AHH"" moments when I found the solution - also the moments when you are close to the solution and you feel it. Sadly both things are not really present.I expected more from all the positive reviews.I played through all main levels and did some of the ""harder"" (not really) special levels which resulted in the 9h playtime.It has some things going for it but it's more like an instant gratification game (cause you solve everything in no time) instead of a challenge-reward based game."
,Not Recommended,257510,16749516,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Nadir,"Everyone compares this to Portal. I did not enjoy it as much. The maps are sprawling, the puzzles are numerous, the story is obtuse, and the gameplay is tedious. In particular I did not enjoy the ""clone"" puzzles. The hub-and-spoke game world means the puzzles can't build off each other like those in Portal can. And the story is told primarily through reading terminals and QR codes. That makes the whole thing not very engaging."
,Not Recommended,257510,20151204,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,FlyDogFish,"This is the first game that I ever stopped playing because it was too easy. So easy that I can't stand one more minute playing it. So easy that I don't care at all how the supposedly great story ends.It starts well enough, slowly introducing its game mechanics and making increasingly slightly harder puzzles and even managed to get me stuck for a while on a puzzle or two. But then at some point it just stops making puzzles any harder, forgets all the earlier game mechanics instead of blending them with the new, and only introduces new stuff with overly simplistic tutorial puzzles. There is no level difficulty progression whatsoever.When you are halfway through a game and it feels like you're still playing the tutorial, something is seriously wrong. It's like portal for dummies."
76561197971947453,Not Recommended,257510,20933931,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,exist2resist,"This is by far one of the most repetitive games I have ever played. It was a nice attempt at an intelligent puzzle game but if fall flat on it's face.Some in a review compared this to Portal , this is nowhere near to anything that portal offers.This is a very two dimensional and simple puzzle game. I tried to like it but unfortunately there is nothing to like about this game , it's gets very boring very fast.The puzzle elements are simple and it tries to meld them with a first person element that relies on timing. The FPS timing element really doesn't work in this game, I'd rather would have appreciated more puzzle elements, and more difficult puzzle elements.Perhaps the 11yr old in your life will like this and might get a sense of accomplishment from this game. For me this game left me feeling empty and I had no sense of accomplishment like I get from other puzzle games. You can solve the puzzles really quickly and almost run through the game, that's how basic the game is."
,Not Recommended,257510,17246773,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Dust,"Seems like a good game but even with the Motion Sickness controls activated, I still get really sicky. Do not buy if you get any form of Game Motion Sickness. Such a shame as it seems to be a good looking game."
,Not Recommended,257510,17359588,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,｀ ◡ ´) majin,"eh, game is rather repetitive.  Most puzzles consist of how a random wall is preventing you from completing this puzzle, with an occassional new tool to assist in avoiding said wall.  Game can turn into a cm of placement, and just tedious and not fun."
76561197996003296,Not Recommended,257510,17230817,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,JBForethoughts,"While the puzzles are certainly involving and get you thinking, the game is laced with enough reigous bullcrap and russian ideologies to make me sick of it."
,Not Recommended,257510,20879276,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,The_joof,Motion sickness...
76561198233486604,Not Recommended,257510,18084174,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,TMNScott,Great game until the last level which totally ruins it.  Why put so much effort in to a game and then mess it up at the end?
76561197969819787,Not Recommended,257510,21478161,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Amik,"The graphics on this game is not bad, but not for 2016. I haven't tried this game for VR yet though.-It's important to rememba that the graphics are the golden rulez about gamin'"
,Not Recommended,257510,21677576,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,JaySten,"Granted I only played for 20 minutes, this didn't work well for steam controller and had too much religious undertones to  be what I wanted it to be."
,Not Recommended,257510,20273912,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,josahty,It bored me. It just simply bored me and I returned it. I know I'm in the vastly outnumbered minority but...I just didn't like it.
,Not Recommended,257510,20871462,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,City,"If you love portal, you will *might not* like this game, they are miles apart in terms of visual appeal and the strength of the puzzles.I will break down this game into three areas: the puzzles, the graphics and the story.The puzzles here are extremely simple affairs of placing items on the ground, with very little depth to be found. Usually the challenge is first finding the pieces you need which may be hidden within the level. Then, you just read the description of the level to know how to solve it. If the level is ""Through the window"", guess where you need to redirect the light in order to solve the level. Within the first two hours the levels feel nothing more than a tutorial, with very predictable solutions.The visuals could be described as nice, but I find them very over-the-top for a puzzle game, highlighting that the puzzles could not stand up on their own. On my medium-high end PC the graphics are very grainy, meaning I am unable to play for long periods of time. The first area is made up of a lot of ruins and I found part of the problem was understanding which areas where important, which were filler, and the grainy graphics made understanding the layout of the levels very difficult - which isn't supposed to be part of the puzzle.Finally the story, which appears to be very deep and surreal. I think many people could find this interesting, though I am not sure whether the story is important, or it's just a seconday background to your adventure. Expect a lot of reading and a lot of running around between the puzzles. The story seems to drag the game out, meaning that even in my two hours, I feel like I could have solved a lot more puzzles in the same time of a conventional puzzle game.Overall, I think this is an overly dramatised puzzle game that would have been better off with a simple aesthetic and more attention on the quality of the puzzles rather than the quality of the voiceover."
,Not Recommended,257510,19507731,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Hamster,"I will admit I have not played all the way through the game. The reason being that this game gets really boring really fast. Every puzzle feels the same and the environment gets really repetitive. Every puzzle is easy in my opinion. I went through at least 40 different puzzles without even trying to think. A puzzle game shouldn't feel like work. For some reason the levels are maze-like making it even more frustrating to play. I spent time just trying to figure out whats going on, only to find out that figuring out what the puzzle is the puzzle since the actual puzzle was always easy.-Bad Puzzle Design-Maze-like level Design-Repetative environments+Hey, at least the game looks really good I guess."
,Recommended,257510,25400152,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Viper,It's a game about prince talos' nipples with a gay story ofcourse.what else you were expecting?
76561198009423634,Not Recommended,257510,23425940,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,grunt547,"The puzzles in this game are half-baked, at best. The physics of each element can change from puzzle to puzzle, and often even within the same puzzle. Fans elevate blocks a foot high, or maybe thirty feet high. You can stand on these rocks (or walls), but you slip off these identical other ones. Even the distance you can jump changes based on the puzzle--this one is so obviously dumb that the designers patched it by adding footprint outlines to indicate when an implausible-looking jump is in fact possible.The result of this inconsistency is that the first part of each puzzle is taken up by patiently trying out each known interaction on each piece of inventory, looking for the new twist here. The gameplay would have been much better served by setting a consistent behavior, and then changing the dimensions of the puzzle to permit it, rather than special-casing the behaviors."
,Not Recommended,257510,21009856,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ed,"""What is my purpose?""""Point the laser at the thing.""""What is my purpose?""""You point lasers at things.""""...Oh my god.""""Yeah, welcome to the club, pal."""
,Not Recommended,257510,24262526,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Squareslug,"I was in the mood for a puzzle type game. This one had really high remarks, being similar to the Portal series. I was never a fan of the first Portal, but the second one was quite good imo. Basically I'm not a huge fan of puzzle games but SOME of them stand out to me every so often. Unfortunately, this game wasn't one of them.It does something interesting by throwing philosophy into the mix of it's narrative. A lot of it must be uncovered through terminals that reveal text style emails and inquiries into a database. Not the most exciting way to present it, but there is voice acting and audio files to find along the way as well.I'm sure it picks up the further you get into it, but I was already feeling bored before hitting the three hour mark."
76561198002136395,Not Recommended,257510,26427030,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ti'Ana,"A breathtakingly pretty game, but just like its robot protagonist, it has no soul.This game has no plot or story line, just a never-ending series of mediocre puzzles played out while listening to audio recordings or reading texts rehashing some very basic religious/philosophical/science-fiction themes."
,Not Recommended,257510,20138588,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Near,So much hyped by steam and users and the game dissapointed me. Basically sh*t to me. 2/10
,Not Recommended,257510,21692237,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Agent Ash,"It tries to be Portal. It's not.The Talos Principle looks pretty sometimes, some deceptively vast landscapes are mesmerizing even, but that's pretty much it.There's no 'eurika' moment like in Portal where you understand what to do and then execute the required actions quickly and elegantly. The Talos Principle is anything but elegant: you will often realize the solution quickly but then will have to spend a lot of time adjusting the correct position of beam reflectors or something else like this.Puzzles are repetetive. You'll have to solve very similar riddles time and time again. This is probably the worst thing about the game: it feels artificially prolonged, there's no clear sense of development. The only intriguing puzzles are secret stars.There's no clear and honest physics in the game, which I think is simply a crime when it comes to a first-person puzzle. Items can't be moved as freely as you'd like them to and you won't be able to understand where everything should go just by looking at things. If you climb a ladder attached to the wall, you will always drop on the other side of this wall, you can't stop and stand on it. However sometimes you will be able to jump on top of the SAME wall from some other higher location — where's the logic in that?And philosophy. Yes, yes. Is consciousness produced by brains? Are we still alive if our creations persist while our bodies are gone? Is a person's uniqueness in their body or their soul? Trivial issues that have appears in science fiction for dozens of years.Nothing that you couldn't find in SOMA or Cradle.The Talos Principle is a game that feels nice at first but gets extremely boring an frustrating after several hours. Cradle did a much better job at making you think about the same issues presented in this game's plot. Quantum Conundrum did a much better job at being a Portal-like game while not being pretentious.If I could, I'd return this game now."
,Not Recommended,257510,29215341,Posted: 12 January,all,The Human Shitpost,"I was told this was a puzzle game similar to AntiChamber. It is not this. It is similar to Portal though. If you want more Portal this is good, if you want more AntiChamber keep looking."
,Not Recommended,257510,24831943,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Chaday,"This game is boring, to the point where I just could not force myself to complete it.Allow me to explain myself. It's not going to be easy, but I'll try.First of all, I'm not going to talk about the plot. I'm sure it's great. The ending is probably glorious or something. I'll even admit that reading the text messages, occasionally, was interesting, but I'm here to talk about the gameplay.The puzzles are just way too repetative. I mean, yes, they do get harder as you progress. You do get more ""toys"" to play with, the ""toys"" interact with each other, but... you still have to do the same thing over, and over, and over again. The sheer number of puzzles you have to complete is exhausting. The game really wants to make sure you get every single little mechanic down! Really!But that's not the worst of it. The puzzles, especially later on in the game, are constructed like this:Go from A to B. Do X. Go back to A. Grab Y. Go from A, through B, to C. Do Z. Go back to A...And the distance from A to B is pretty significant. Sometimes it takes up to a minute to cross! Hey, newsflash: people hate backtracking!I got so sick of walking, that I didn't even have any desire left to explore the ""worlds"". I'm sure that there are some secrets hidden in there, but I just couldn't do it. Nope.This game would've been a lot better if it just was shorter! For the love of god, not even the story (once again, pretty good so far!) can make me walk another five minutes to the 243th ""puzzle"", where I just get to do some more walking!I expected another ""Portal"", I got a walking simulator. I'm sure that some people will get a lot of enjoyment out of this. I just felt like putting a fair warning for people like myself."
76561198088213112,Not Recommended,257510,25953038,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,wcc,"There were too many puzzles with to little narrative progression for my taste. Additionally, lots of puzzles were to hard to be enjoyable for me. Or maybe I was missing some hidden entries/objects, but then again hiding stuff would be poor puzzle design.Not a terrible game and I can imagine other people liking it, but I don't understand the ""overwhelmingly positive"" rating of this game. It's just okay, and you have to be a sucker for hard puzzles to like it."
76561198000950474,Not Recommended,257510,24193614,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Gazza,"Graphics are nice and sharp but I found the gameplay to lose excitement after a couple of hours. I'd equate this to a 3-d sokoban game. The philosophy aspect was somewhat engaging - it's not often a game queries you at that level. However, I didn't feel the game delivered value for money."
76561197978384912,Not Recommended,257510,24923399,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,T0nedude,If you get frustrated easily and feel you need to spoil yourself before you run out of patience then avoid. If you are good at number puzzles (as I am) then that won't help you here.
,Recommended,257510,25440864,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Hagama,10/10
76561198049668877,Not Recommended,257510,25353071,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Rockheart,"Although a good idea with challenging puzzles, player's interest in the game decays quickly, becoming rather repetitive. Pity, as it has some great points, as well as great aesthetics."
76561197978984607,Not Recommended,257510,23563560,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,starpoint,"This is a hard game for me to review, because there are a lot of very nice things about it.  The graphics are superb.  The story is interesting.  The gameplay is balanced and new elements are introduced well.  But at the end of the day, what really counts about a game is how much fun you had playing it, and I have to say that I didn't really have that much fun playing Talos, especially compared to other puzzle games I loved like Portal (1 and 2) and The Swapper.  Maybe ten percent of the puzzles were really fun to play, but the rest of the game felt like a slog.  There were simply too many puzzles that had to be solved in order to advance the story a little bit (and there wasn't much story to begin with).  And the puzzles were quite same-y, except for the ones that used puzzle elements in new and different ways (i.e. ""I had no idea you could do that""), and for most of those I had to go to a walkthrough to get the solution or I would never have found the trick in a billion years.  Be aware that this was just my reaction; maybe this game will be your thing and you will love every minute of it.  But for me, this game felt like Portal with much harder puzzles and with all the fun bits removed.  Also, the story is DEPRESSING.  Towards the end I was just going through the motions in order to complete the game, and I don't plan to play the DLC or any sequels.  It was a nice effort, but to me the game was less than the sum of its parts."
,Not Recommended,257510,28217496,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Mila Kunis,You guys doing to actually finish this game's content?
76561198057523556,Not Recommended,257510,25423904,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Sato,"If you liked Portal, DON'T buy this!Obvious, repetitive puzzles with very limited mechanics.Im not going to lie there are some fun, challenging puzzles towards the endgame but theyre absolutely not worth the grind. 90% of this game feels like a chore. Most puzzles are easy for anyone remotely intelligent and/or experienced with puzzle games. Then theres random insanely hard/hidden puzzles that are absolutely not in line with the rest of the game and allmost impossible to find without a guide. However all these are required to unlock the endgame.Not gonna go into the sheparded pseudo philosophical excurses on existence and artificial intelligence.May be worth mentioning a friend of mine cant play this game due to heavy motion sickness after a few minutes.Absolutely cant recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,257510,17018727,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,uman,"I want to like this game, the gameplay is nice, the story is interesting... but something is wrong with the graphic (I don't know if it's the FOV / mouse sensibility / bright colors / or intentional ""glitches""), and I can't play more than 30 minutes without feeling sick."
,Not Recommended,257510,18171919,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,IntrinsicVoid,"This game used to be around 17 Euros. Now it is 40!It is a decent puzzle game. And yes it has good grapics. But the grapics are not THAT spectaculair, and the puzzles will get boring really quickly.Is this a good game?  Yes.But it is not worth more than 20 Euros! Even on a sale you should hesitate!It is a shame they made the game 40 Euros just because it received so many positive reviews. Now we can truly say;this game is overrated!My recommandation:If you really want a good puzzle game, with ridicules good grapics, buy the MYST series! They are also on steam. They are really old games, but the grapics are STILL better than this game, and the puzzles are WAY better.Go look it up. It's on steam."
76561198068187958,Not Recommended,257510,17571347,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Gensing,After reading the reviews and watching a little game play I have concluded that people have no idea how good portal was. At least 2 or 3 of the most helpful reviews were saying it was as good as portal and I was just eagar to re-live the puzzle goodness of it but one review is what kept me on the fence and it sated that the game was a mobil puzzle game with good graphics. And they were right. The game had an overall lack of Hight. What i mean by that is it was all most like playing a 2d game in a first person perspective. all in all the game is lacking intereasting machanics and is like a suped up first person port of a flash game.
76561198043671732,Not Recommended,257510,20533994,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,The Great He Goat,"gives u ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiple choice questions and makes u choose between ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ answers. no u stupid console i wouldnt define conscious behavior as ""feeling alive"" r u ♥♥♥♥in daft. now shove ur ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ counter arguement back down ur slide whistle"
76561198039016318,Not Recommended,257510,20271463,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,schwereigen,"Overhyped and overprized. No real storyline and the puzzles get repetitive and boring quickly. The hacking sequences and pseudo philosophical stuff really add nothing to the game and are annoying. A lame copy of the xxxxxxxx times better ""Portal"" at best"
76561198196590589,Not Recommended,257510,17248587,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Hex,"Apart from the atmosphere and the story, this game is just crap. The puzzles are extremely stupid and heavily rely on exploiting game mechanics, and not raw reasoning and thinking. There are some fun puzzles here and there, but most of the time you'll be stuck and when you finally realize how you can solve it, you'll be like ""wtf, I didn't know you could do that"". Some of the most annoying moments was when I was supposed to go all the way to the back of the stage and just narrowly position the connector between two walls so that the laser beam could get to the other side.Another thing that bothered me is how small the text on the terminal is. I like to keep a distance between me and the screen, but every time I open the terminal (which is an important part of the story), I have to move closer to be able to read comfortably.And Elohim's voice just doesn't fit. It's not a neutral deep voice and he sounds like he has a sinus problem.Should've known before buying another game with an ""Overwhelmingly positive"" rating."
76561198058524558,Not Recommended,257510,33233157,Posted: 4 July,all,Not illegal,"The game seems very interesting, and I know I love my philosophical discussionsand it's a shame because something with the visuals of this game is just completely off.After several minutes of playtime the game gives major headaches and nearing 30 minsI just got so sick that I couldn't move. After researching I've come to realize that it's a common problem,and considering I've played many fps's my only conclusion is that it's something with the game.Very dissapointed that I wasted money on a game that I can't even touch, be weary that it is a possibility."
,Not Recommended,257510,35171547,Posted: 23 September,all,Mr. Matt,"The Talos Principle's visuals and music are both very pleasant and relaxing, and several of its puzzles are nice brain-teasing exercises I enjoyed. The lore/story is largely conveyed by text files you read on in-game computer screens. They often seem irrelevant, though I figure some tie into the overarching storyline at some point. The only spoken dialog comes in the form of pretentious verbage from a seemingly self-deified figure. You play as a robot, and the game does not bother to conceal this fact. What twists and turns the story might take did intrigue me and fuel my efforts to press forward for as long as I could muster the resolve to go on, despite dissatisfaction with the game.You will solve puzzles in first person, a la Portal, Quantum Conundrum, and The Turing Test. Movable technology jamming devices, hexahedrons (boxes/cubes), light-redirecting poles, keys for doors, and Tetris-shaped blocks you collect will all be used in solving puzzles. The game is entirely puzzles, which I loved about the aforementioned games; especially Portal and The Turing Test. Granted, the God-wannabe creator in this game did not appeal to me at all when compared to GLaDOS, the AI on The Turing Test, or John DeLancey on Quantum Conundrum, and he didn't say anything I found interesting or entertaining on any level.On the puzzle topic, however, light-redirecting puzzles, despite having no problems with such puzzles in Ocarina of Time, Beyond Good & Evil, and so many other games out there, were more ""brain-agitators"" than brain teasers. I stumbled my way out of a few, but eventually, despite being fairly early in the game, these refraction puzzles became far too much for me. I spent 20 minutes on the last such one, wandering from section to section, applying logic to which refractory device was mandatory and could not be moved or repositioned, and simply could not come up with even a theoretical solution to try.I could have used a walkthrough for the last one that stumped me, but each of these light refracting puzzles were often comparatively as messy as the last. This may not be as big an issue for some players. A very likely culprit for my dilemma could be ADD (attention deficit disorder), as I suffer from this and have great difficulty paying attention to simultaneous functioning parts in a game that are split apart. It's the reason RTS games often kick my butt (managing different units and buildings on opposite sides of a map at the same time), and Infinifactory, another puzzle game, whooped me because I had to make machines crank out parts on different sides in different directons out of synch, turning them to line up in synch further down the line while other factors are also at play. If you're easily able to pay attention to multiple ""moving parts"" in different areas at the same time in a game, then this might not be a problem for you, but for me, a massive part of the game became an exercise in futility and aggravation.One issue is also that there are stars hidden in each area. A few seem very poorly hidden, while others are nearly impossible to find without a walkthrough (according to other players who have posted in the forums who claim to be experienced at the game (you can look through the forums by searching about the stars). These stars, apparently give you different endings to the game. Unless you're intending on using a walkthrough or are a deranged optimist who doesn't listen to people who have beaten the game and found the stars who testify to the difficulty in getting these stars without a guide, this means you will miss out on different endings if you can't find these often well-hidden stars. The light-refracting puzzles were that much more aggravating for me just knowing that I would undoubtedly be missing out on endings as well, serving as an ever-present nagging under-mining to any desire to complete the game.Between the refractory puzzles being beyond my attention-based faculties and the knowledge of the hidden stars preventing me from getting to see all the endings if Ididmanage to limp my way through the game despite my aggravation and despair, I simply could not muster the willpower to play any further than I did, despite taking a few breaks to try and let my irritation subside."
,Not Recommended,257510,19378996,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,=Axton=,"Tetris puzzle simulator hidden behind fancy eye candy and psychological tests on AI computers.(by the way cats have nothing to do with this game).And I'm not going to write another one of those ""10/10 would do sh!t again"" reviews like all the other kiddies on Steam now."
76561197961828984,Not Recommended,257510,17630968,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,poosnark,"This is the first review that I've written for any of the games I've purchased since Steam came to exist.  I must say that this game was HIGHLY disappointing to me.  The puzzles were repetitive and so were the environments.  The whole theme itself is skewed, boring, and truly is just a bunch of God like booming voices from the clouds spewing nonsense.The game was uninspiring enough for me to simply quit after over three hours as I realized that I didn't care how the story began, nor did I care how the story ended.I WANTED to like this game.Completely disengaging."
,Not Recommended,257510,17854866,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,mghoffmann,"I played it for a few hours and didn't like it. In the beginning, I felt like I was just aimlessly wandering around. There was direction, but not really any motivation to follow it:  I found the story annoyingly cryptic instead of compelling."
,Not Recommended,257510,21618566,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Siilk,"Unless you're really into puzzles, avoid this game."
,Not Recommended,257510,17459162,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Bum,"If there's one thing I really dislike about stories, it's the over-reliance on the mystery that is life, conciousness and the human soul.The Talos Principle, while being a competent 3d puzzle game, doesn't have what I personally find to be an enjoyable story. I already wonder about my existance and the meaning of my life on a daily basis, the last thing I need is for a game to 'entertain' me by shoving that same theme down my throat through text screens and audio logs.The story content is awfully sparse now that I think about it. An audio log/set of text mesasges/booming voiceover by 'god' is all you get at the start of a new level, and virtually nothing else while you struggle with the puzzles for the next hour or so.I figured out the plot about halfway through the game and had to force myself to finish it for the Tower ending just so I could say I 'completed' it.For those of you looking for memorable characters and a good story, stay away from this game. Stick with Portal 2."
,Not Recommended,257510,15255413,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,SAY10,I love puzzle games but i really dont know why i get bored as hell in this game its extremly boring!its like it came out 10years before portal!
76561198079720496,Not Recommended,257510,31190317,Posted: 16 April,all,Dolphin_Lord22,This game is the best puzzle game ive ever played. If you like doing the exact same puzzle over and over again... THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU.in this game you get to debate philosophy with a robot... you can also solve puzzles but they are all very simple or not explaned corectly.
76561197989594474,Not Recommended,257510,21424608,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Carton,Overhyped
76561198202786928,Not Recommended,257510,31869681,Posted: 20 May,all,OnlyCurmudge,"Graphically beautiful, but I could not engaged by either the story or puzzles.  You just run around nicely rendered but otherwise bland environments and solve fairly straightforward physical puzzles, which just entails moving items around in the right sequence to disable defences around brick-like objects, which you have to collect to satisfy the disembodied resonant voice that tells you what a good job you are doing, and then use to unlock more parts of the game.  I was bored by it in under an hour."
76561198220470107,Not Recommended,257510,21415377,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Imthedad3,It screwed up my computer
76561197973405058,Not Recommended,257510,21437595,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Mr.FiRe,4/10....don't belive the hype train.This isn't even on the same level as Portal.
,Not Recommended,257510,31904782,Posted: 22 May,all,Sergey Palyanov,Turns out this game's puzzles are not that good.
,Not Recommended,257510,31895840,Posted: 21 May,all,Dungeon Masterson,"Like Portal but not funny. The religious and philosophical stuff is pathetically simplistic, and all the in-game documents are very poorly written.The gameplay is ok, but not fantastic. The utter lack of physics makes it feel cheap and fake, which sets it a rung below most 3d puzzle games.Disappointing."
76561198061152010,Not Recommended,257510,22974290,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dinkish Rascal,"Is not worth the full price (£29.99). It is a puzzle of blocking and laser beam connection.It does have some clever puzzles and some ah-hah solutions but essentially  it is the same puzzle that just gets harder.If you can get a discount then buy, but I feel ripped off at full price."
,Recommended,257510,22817280,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,BOScrazydog,Tis fun.Buy it.
,Recommended,257510,21647512,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Static Single Assignment,Sooooooooooooooooooooooooo hard
,Recommended,257510,25451614,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,Highly Recommended !
,Not Recommended,257510,16636690,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,smams,"Pageantry Simulator 2015 / Tedious puzzle game review:-Take mobile style 45 second casual challenges that require no thought. Grind through hundreds of these.-Provide hours of hackneyed Tetris puzzles, reward players by making them sift through pages of emoji scattered  lore.-Layer in pseudo religious voice overs and questions about consciousness from year 1 psychology  classes.Cram all these pieces together and you have a recipe for the critical hit of 2014, apparently.It's like Socratic dialogue wrote a family guy episode. It's Chip's Challenge: Source. It's masturbating with a blunt cheese grater.Someone needs to stop the tide of glowing reviews. Buy it on sale if you really hate yourself that much, or if you are that unsure that you even REALLY EXIST AT ALL??? (zomg!).Is this life a dream? Do AI really have feelings? Is freewill an illusion? Is this game good as good as they say?No."
,Not Recommended,257510,17598256,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,TheSexualHarassmentPanda,If you want a more repetitive less innovative version of portal this is your game
,Not Recommended,257510,15207521,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Zerotan,"Talos Principle is many things, but not terribly cohesive or intelligent. It is perhaps unfair to judge it by its peers but it is the best I can describe.It is Portal without humour.It is a flash (or Two Tribes) puzzle game with high production value and cost to match.It is Serious Sam wihtout cathartic destructionIt is fairly difficult, but only because it's not intuitive. With more playtesting, I think they could have had better puzzle design.It has some tired puzzle concepts, some interesting ones, but they aren't used thematically, just as different gating mechanisms.It has an existential philosophical disucssion that is frustrating - it asks you to choose from limited options and then after it changes the parameters , it scolds you for changing your answer.It's a decent set of puzzles, but the scenery and story add nothing to the experience. It's a mishmash.I played to the major end, then watched the minor non-end. I suspect theres some more content if I get all the stars but I don't have the patience."
,Not Recommended,257510,23145165,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,MAKE AMERICA GAY AGAIN,"I feel like I would have absolutely loved this game if I could have played it when I was 16 or so. The visuals are good, the problem solving is fun, but good god the story is so far up its own♥♥♥♥♥that I'm pretty sure that completing it certifies you as a proctologist in certain countries."
76561197970709761,Not Recommended,257510,19987763,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sir Smokesalot,Not Portal. Not even close.
76561197983308909,Not Recommended,257510,33034792,Posted: 30 June,all,tahnabee,"I found this game interesting. However it should have been about half as long, it was too tedious and I just wanted to get it over with. I got sick of reading all the text and I didn't really care about what was happening story-wise.Also I don't think the endings were worth the work.I do enjoy puzzles and they were clever, just too many too similar puzzles."
,Not Recommended,257510,23146591,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,supercrazy,"Comparison to Portal grants some insight into why I wasn't thrilled about the puzzles here. Portal’s puzzles were built around a single idea so unique and intuitive that exploring its possibilities became my second nature. It was equally satisfying and challenging throughout.The Talos Principle aims to master the use of classics instead: turrets, lasers, pressure plates, crates, fans, force fields and so on. The components are in a near equilibrium in how frequently they are used. It gets more taxing than stimulating due to the bloated space of possibilities, even though the puzzles were skillfully designed and provided plenty of eureka moments. By the end of the game I was sick of most of its mechanics. But everything surrounding the puzzles is the primary reason for my gripe.Video games have never excelled in displaying humans on screen and they’re notoriously bad in telling human stories because it’s easier to program a winning condition than an emotion. Talos Principle basks in the irony of robots talking to other robots, inside virtual reality, about what it is to be human. It’s an interminable high school philosophy lecture in a world where everyone is dead, where everything is hollow and empty. The schema is ludicrous and pointless, and why this game is exalted is beyond me."
,Not Recommended,257510,30841578,Posted: 30 March,all,Bar4911,"Solid puzzle gameplay, but i got bored talking to god and reading computer terminals."
,Not Recommended,257510,33331715,Posted: 6 July,all,Ashes,"Look, I love this gamer dont get me wrong, However, when i pay $44 canada bucks to play a game for 10 minutes before I get a headache, there is a problem.The sound design of the doors, buttons and, the explodey ball things is ♥♥♥♥ing awful, the sound usually makes me want to drown it out with my own music instead of being immursed.I have never had a problem with motion sickness EVER in my life yet when I play this game it happens no matter how many settings I change.Lastly, the puzzles are extremely tiresome in the later levels. If I play 3 or 4 labyrynths in a row, I need to have a nap right after.Like I said, Love the game but something is a bit off."
76561197963327589,Not Recommended,257510,15812235,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Obfuscator,"Just finished it. To sum it up: A metric ton of Portal-esque puzzles behind a thin and lackluster veneer of existential/philosophical musings. For abstract puzzle lovers only - don't expect the same level of wonderment, intrigue and curiosity in the story telling or characters, nothing close to what you got from Portal/Portal2.Sure, the puzzles are sometimes more challenging and satisfying than in the Portal games, and they're certainly more numerous. And I admit the visuals are appealing and the music is excellent, they nailed the atmosphere. But alas, it's not enough to stand on its own - it doesn't have a substantial enough claim to innovation to justify its existence. At best, get it with a significant discount."
76561198017062214,Not Recommended,257510,29457293,Posted: 23 January,all,Blakey,"It's an alright game, but it's not worth $40.Positives:Nice graphics, some interesting puzzles.Negatives:That's it, it's a pretty game with some puzzles but it doesn't feel like anything else went into it.It's fairly glitchy in parts. It is also a bit directionless at times, leading to back tracking.It's a lot like The Witness."
76561198208821376,Not Recommended,257510,31029789,Posted: 8 April,all,sfeister,"It is a decent game, right on the edge -- but not challenging enough for me. At least as far as I got before giving up (I liked it, but it stopped holding my attention), the puzzles are numerous but often just a bit too easy. Sometimes solving the puzzles feels more mechanical than creative, and the in-game guidance becomes a little too hand-holding for a puzzle game."
,Not Recommended,257510,16720216,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,icewootra,"The game is terrible. The levels are way too easy. The only hard thing in the game is finding stars, but they made it too annoying to be worth playing it. Finding a star requires you only to carefully explore the whole world, and missing something means you have to go through solved puzzles all over again. The game requires only a tiny bit of logical thinking and a huge amount of searching throughout the world."
,Not Recommended,257510,34183816,Posted: 11 August,all,TheNoobyPro,"If You like this kind of game, dive in. but for me it was a waste of money"
76561197984256575,Not Recommended,257510,26139648,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Humupower[HORK],"Boring, arbitrary, repetitive puzzles that have little to do with the actual game narrative - they feel totally tacked on, or rather the ""philosophy"" or story element is more than likely the tacked on part.  The ""philosophy"" in the game is a silly muddled mess trying to pass itself off as profound.  I thought about many of these issues in highschool much more deeply than what the game tries to take on, and that was long before I even sat through an actual philosophy lecture.  As someone who actually has a degree in philosophy, this element of the game was pretty laughable - but I guess maybe I'm expecting too much from a videogame.  There are better puzzle games, games with better ambiance, and if you are wiling to pick up a book, there is much, much better philosophy.I played about 10 hours, and honestly the novelty was done in the first few... the tedium became unberable.  I can't understand how this game has ""overwhelmingly positive"" reviews."
76561198168210750,Not Recommended,257510,31202544,Posted: 17 April,all,my name is john,"Not sure what everyone likes about this game, the artwork is more interesting than the game itself..."
,Not Recommended,257510,28307797,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Toma-chan,"Very repetitive, not much happening for long stretches of the game. Puzzles are a weak 6/10.Also I have no idea who I am."
,Not Recommended,257510,26483548,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,rubbercrutch,"If you don't mind frequently looking up YouTube videos for walkthroughs through several asinine puzzles, and don't mind a story that sounds like it was written by an edgy philosopy college undergrad, go for it."
76561197995824076,Not Recommended,257510,30616070,Posted: 19 March,all,Stewie,played for 3 hours. puzzles are very dull and boring. they dropped some lore which feels pretentious and forced into game. i had high hopes after reading some reviews and screenshots. This is a dissappointing game.
76561198039023700,Not Recommended,257510,30787269,Posted: 27 March,all,Clayair,"How are the user reviews for The TP ""Overwhelmingly Positive""?!? Usually that's a good indication the game's at least worth a try. (Plus, anything like Portal? Yes please!!) But this is game is SO dull. What am I missing?As you can see, I've only played a couple hours (what do I know?), but it has been the longest 2 hours of gaming. Ever. So far the puzzles have been boring and simple, yet running around is a time sink. Collecting pieces feels like grinding, ALREADY. There is pretty scenery, sure, but it makes me extraordinarily lonely instead of immersed.Oh but there IS interaction. There's this spin-off Old Testament Christian-like god(thing) bellowing platitudes in your head. Total unsullied loneliness would be more sufferable. The philosophical plot is only slightly intriguing, because I daresay the complexity of humanity vs AI vs freedom has been tackled before ... once or twice.My only drive to keep playing is the hope I have the chance to give this TP god the middle finger somehow.  Which is not epic.  It's kind of pathetic.  Guess I'm in the unpopular crowd on this one, and TP just doesn't do it for me."
76561198027339594,Not Recommended,257510,15635213,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,lordgorash,"No idea why everyone thinks this game is great. The puzzle side is at least decent, albeit poorly balanced, and offers about the same novelty as the sudoku column in a newspaper. But what really takes the cake is multiple choice philosophy full with religious overtones. Really? Multiple choice philosophy? A paraphrased sample question:""Why do you think you're concious?"" - possible answers:A) ""I don't know"" (followed by a lengthy explanation why the player is stupid)B) ""Someone told me."" (instant jab at you doing only what you're told)C) ""Because I think so"" (predictably answered by pointing out that this is circular reasoning and thus garbage)D) ""I don't want to answer"" (which nets you whining about how you can't run from important descisions forever)This is not philosophy. This getting doubly insulted by a stupid script and the designers for making me drudge through it.  I chose Elohim, just because his constant ""I can't hear myself over how awesome I am"" is still less grating than having to run head on into kindergarden arguments.see comment belowAnd then the game committed the worst sin a game can commit: It took away my progress, autosaved, and left me at the beginning, so that, if I wished to see the rest of the tower or the stars (I really did look forward to the star puzzles), I'd have to do it all over again.Whoever came up with that idea: Screw You.Maybe Elohim secretly wants me to climb the tower. Maybe Milton has some elaborate explanation at the end. I'm taking the third option. I stop caring."
76561197963449508,Not Recommended,257510,15237335,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Phorensika,"Can someone please tell me if the puzzles change at some point or are they always ""grab a device, block some gate, stun a ball and then run a bit until you get a tetris block??"" My initial euphoria was short lived, I still say it's kinda okay, but: a couple of barcodes hanging aorund the place and a few emails doesn't make me think about why or how I am here. Maybe I am just missing something the others saw?Update: So. I sat down alone with this, a bottle of whiskey and a few hours time. I got past the initial 2 hour blockage and even managed to get a full 5 hours in. There were ups and downs. There were interesting ideas. But on the whole, it just doesn't change enough. And you can play the game with or without the consoles (to the point I am at anyway..) Sorry, I just cannot recommend this game for the full price. for 5 it's a bargain, for 10 it's okay. For 20 it makes me wish Steam had a better return policy.Oh, an to answer my question.. No, nothing really changes. There are more balls, more force fields and at some point gatling cannons turned up. But just more of them.. Nothing really challenging once you got it the first time."
,Not Recommended,257510,31410367,Posted: 28 April,all,Rain Twister,"I tried. I so tried to love this game. But I just can't deal with smashing my head against my table for almost 30 mins trying to solve a single puzzle. I went and got one of those...Messengers? Counsel? and went back to the puzzle I was stuck on. Had it advise me.....and was told that one of the platforms was a tiny bit higher than the others....solved the puzzle and then proceeded to have a fit over a tiny detail.God I feel horrible for even giving this a thumbs down though. This game has something but it feels like you have to have literally nothing to do to play it. Its SO slow and time consuming. Get one puzzle done, run to the next puzzle, get that puzzle done (or in my case take forever to solve one), run to next puzzle. OH now you should read this computer terminal that recites all sorts of philosphy and exerpts from ancient texts (which takes another 15 mins to do if they are large). THEN get questioned by a computer on what a concious is and if trees and frogs are sentient!Sigh.....I can understand the stars being difficult but everything got hard way to quick in this game. If any of you are looking for something like Portal/2, stay with Portal/2. This game has the mechanics similar to portal but this is the opposite of portal. It was a good game until it literally bored me to death and made me give up going further."
76561198084232082,Not Recommended,257510,19181280,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Golden Freddy,uthgf
,Not Recommended,257510,31693893,Posted: 11 May,all,Krombopulos Michael,Too many tedious puzzles and a very boring story
76561197990564055,Not Recommended,257510,31471083,Posted: 30 April,all,Johnny,"Overrated in my opinion, would recommend it only if it was 75% the original price."
,Recommended,257510,25649421,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,♡❤ Rachel  Rose {TIffANY},Strongly suggest you guyz play this game if you wanna learn some good skill
76561198019193223,Not Recommended,257510,22851939,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Galadhatan,"Preliminary Review (4.5 hours in)Boring. Perhaps I'm not far enough in, but I had very high expectations based on Steam reviews. References made to both Portal games, which are fantastic for contextualizing puzzles within a narrative (like Zelda games, in fact).  In this game there is no narrative context -  the witty dialogues with the digital assistant is not that witty, and not in fact relevant to the game. Portal had characters that interacted and dialogued with you without pulling you out of the puzzle systems: aside from the occasional ""god"" voice that interrupts (and ocasionally aggravates when he tries to console me from solving a puzzle, usually when I'm just about to get it), the game adds no other voice than your (the player's) own sighing in ennui. Puzzles are still easy at this point (I expect they will get harder). If, as some reviews say, the isolation of the atmosphere of the game is a meditation on the existential isolation of being human, for me it merely reinforces my own self-imposed isolation in playing a single-player game that is a little too unstimulating. Would not in hindsight buy for $10 (as I did), definitely not for $40 (normal price). 4/10."
76561198061171555,Not Recommended,257510,25122599,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,jathaan,"To be fair, I have only played an hour and a half of this game; not enough to rate it on the overall story or gameplay. The puzzles seemed overly simple, but I haven't gotten all that far; the art and sound are good, and perhaps the puzzles and plot become more complicated farther in. My problem with the game is a religious one.The narrator claims to be God. The One God; the God of Judaism and Christianity. This is more than a minor element to the story; it is constantly rubbed in your face, with booming voices from the heavens and ""miracles"" worked in front of your eyes. The central hub is a temple. You are overtly in service to this deity. It gets more and more blatant about it as you go along.Many of you will not have a problem with this, and may enjoy the game; it seems technically sound, and if you do not share my background the religious aspect is probably a non-issue for you. I cannot play it."
,Not Recommended,257510,29547667,Posted: 28 January,all,Pexe,Motion sickness simulator
76561197982671440,Not Recommended,257510,29154007,Posted: 9 January,all,djfrido,I didn't play a lot but the puzzles can be intruiging. My main issue was the head bobbing made me sick.
76561198109225945,Not Recommended,257510,31453263,Posted: 29 April,all,qirui.fan,"I bought because of the overwhelmingly positive review, and I was disappointed. From most of the reviews there are two outstanding figures: puzzle and philosophy.In the first 2 hours of play, the puzzles did not impress me at all. I don't presume that I have seen all the types of the puzzles the game has to offer, but I guess since it's a ~ 15h game, 2 hours is enough to show most of the elements, and I don't find them intersting or creative.I didn't finish the game so I don't think my opinion on the philosophical aspect matters, but since the general world view has been set (because you are a robot in a computer) so it's a bit predictive, I checked the plot on wikipedia and it didn't surprise me. In addition, although I don't think one should discuss philosophical issues with the presumption of a personal God, the way that the game presents its ideas feels like a delibrate attach on religion. But again, I only played it for 2 hours."
,Not Recommended,257510,29764737,Posted: 7 February,all,Ardeiu,"Bland puzzler ripping off in both mechanics and setting, with an unbearable layer of fastidious philosophy covering up a predictible and boring plot based on a ridiculous premise.While the puzzles themselves could prove enjoyable, the daundingly sterile graphics and storyline offer little incentive to jog along its hiccups.It's like they've performed an e-n-e-m-a on Myst and Portal and used the outputs to paint this game."
,Not Recommended,257510,31783168,Posted: 16 May,all,raevol,"This game has some sort of graphical tearing issue that makes it impossible to look at when looking around with the mouse. It's an issue with tearing, and no combination of VSync settings that I tried made the issue any better."
76561198170310923,Not Recommended,257510,15360011,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Poppydot,"The Talos Principle  is an interesting idea for a puzzle based game but after a few minutes of playing I was getting bored of it.The game itself is pretty with good graphics and the general idea is different, but for me it didn't float my boat.Maybe I havn't given it enough time  to change my mind but just the fact that I am writing this review means I won't be visiting Talos any time soon.I know the game has had a lot of favourable reviews and that's what convinced me to give it a go but sadly I found the game monotonous and not the kind of puzzles I was expecting to come across.This is only my opinion but I feel that all views are needed when someone is going to think about spending £14.99 on game.Some parts were interesting the computer info was good.I was thinking this may have a been along the lines of the old game Myst but it's not and it's probably just not my taste."
,Not Recommended,257510,31405602,Posted: 27 April,all,Fss Loxic,"This game is just boring, don't buy this for $40. Just don't!"
,Not Recommended,257510,19908619,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,alan sleep,jack dis sht
,Not Recommended,257510,16120212,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,kranky,This game is ridiculous because it struggles so hard to be deep and philosophical.Puzzles are mediocre and become boring really fast. It even looks superboring. The first game where I'm not interested in exploring big locations.After reading all these 10/10 reviews i'm very disapointed.
,Not Recommended,257510,26241770,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,CROSSEYED,"Pretentious and unrelentingly boring. I wouldn't call this a puzzle game in a strict sense. It's more of a puzzlingly stupid game with puzzingly stupid ramblings scattered throughout. This game wallows in second rate philosophical blathering that lacks any real insight. It is pitiful. The puzzles are no better really. You will spend 90% of your time in puzzles running around pointing odd doodads at other doodads and wondering why the hell you're even bothering with this because you know what to do it's just a matter of convincing your brain that you should spend the time running around in an empty unredeeming world performing menial tasks while your real life is passing you by. As it turns out I'd rather spend an hour on the toilet in real life with explosive diarrhea than spend 5 more minutes with this ""game"".  I gave this game more than enough of a chance, enduring at least 30 of the puzzles and even more mind numbing philosphical rants before I realized that the real test must be to determine how long it takes me to act like a normal human being and stop voluntarily torturing myself by continuing to ""play"" this. Yes I spent 10 dollars on this, but I would spend 10 more dollars just to have it removed from my Steam account permanently. I literally hate this game with all of my heart. Unredeeming, endlessly boring, and endlessly stupid. Spend your money on anything else, for instance, instead of buying this game you could take $10 worth of nickels, put them in a sock, and bash yourself in the head with it."
,Not Recommended,257510,17219758,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,FrozenFood,"any level that isnt green is impossible. this game is too hard. you are dropped in a level with 1 jammer and 6 miniguns pointing at you. how is this suppost to work! was this game even tested? reminds me of the ROM hack Mario Air.unfair, untested and unfun."
76561197961632422,Not Recommended,257510,23867907,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,chompy2,"A little motion sick so I stopped and read the bad reviews. I've only played 1.2 hrs but I can already start to see the bad level design, repetitive puzzles, doesnt look great on a late mac, and annoying scripted sound and scipted events.Sad because I was looking forward to this game."
76561198069711493,Not Recommended,257510,31598897,Posted: 7 May,all,Birdeynamnam,"So far I am not enjoying the game. The puzzles are pretty easy, and the story has not really captured me at all. I am bored and have no motivation to keep going.One positive is that the surroundings are very beautiful."
,Not Recommended,257510,30988628,Posted: 6 April,all,Omni,"In all honesty, I'm not certain I gave the game long enough to post a review, but at the same time, the game didn't make me want to give it long enough. The game seems a little too simple for my tastes and while the dialogue hinted at some depth and plot I just couldn't get through enough of it for the story to seem interesting."
,Not Recommended,257510,31179292,Posted: 16 April,all,my grasp on reality is buttery,"""....DUDE....DUDE WHAT IF THERE'S LIKE (X) AND LIKE (X) AND THEN WHAT IF IT MEANT THAT (X) WAS (X) AND LIKE DUDE NO DUDE LISTEN HOW COULD YOU ACTUALLY *KNOW* (X) TO BE TRUE DUDE??Also Alexandra's time-capsule messages are cringe-worthy.The puzzles are nice though."
,Not Recommended,257510,14984541,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,NegPrimer,"I hate to be the voice of dissent in this, but although I enjoyed this, it outstayed its welcome. The comparisons to Portal are unavoidable, of course, so when I sat down, I was expecting something in the same realm of length as Portal 2: 5-10 hours.Eventually, it became clear it was going to take longer to beat it. After a few hours I began skimming over the endless journal entries, rather than reading them in full. I got tired of arguinging with the MLA in a roundabout conversation, I got FED UP with the ""put tetriminos into a box"" puzzles.By the time I hit the 10 hour mark, I was ready to walk away. The only reason I kept playing is because I could see the light at the end of the tunnel, and I'm a completionist. Now I'm 14.5 hours in, and am missing a few of the collectables, and walking away.Great concept, lots of fun, outstays its welcome by a significant amount."
,Not Recommended,257510,32007462,Posted: 27 May,all,Ooh 'eck wedabest,"There was a puzzle which I tried to do for 2 hours and in the end all I had to do was jam a door, I hate puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,23730641,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Sixcorby,sign me the ♥♥♥♥ up 👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌th 👌 ere👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my selｆ 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠＯOOＯOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198167339985,Not Recommended,257510,15235228,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Hobgoblin_Dora,"I have played only the beginning of this game, places1~3 and 7 of Section A. I jumped ahead because I lost interest and wanna see if it's harder ahead. Yes, but only a little.It's a 2D game expressed in a 3D way. In a 3D game a player must go around so she can move the tools. I don't like the complex for no meaning.It's 7.5$, and I don't think it's worth the price."
76561198368328325,Not Recommended,257510,33291223,Posted: 5 July,all,Eliran,Boring game not recommended
76561198059484108,Not Recommended,257510,29878284,Posted: 12 February,all,flubby nubbin,Tried for a bit. Never figured out how to not die. Wasteful.
,Not Recommended,257510,26312835,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Al Djeafnte,"So much misplaced praise.This is a 15 minute, excessively cliche short story wrapped around puzzles which do not make you feel accomplished when completing them, either excessively easy or requiring full resets to even attempt again.There's no payoff, the story is almost nonexistent, 90% of the ingame ""lore"" is just going all in on the main premise, well after it's been established.This should have been a few hours game, but it takes effort.If you're a puzzle junky and enjoy 100% completion, there's something for you here, otherwise, you're going to end up with something fundamentally lacking."
76561197960681002,Not Recommended,257510,23854660,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,~Jujumana,"TL;DR: Not nearly as good as PortalSlightly longer version:Stealing a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥from Portal while missing the things that made Portal so great.-Pacing of story and game, humor, and more interesting/exciting puzzles.What I originally wrote before throwing the TL;DR's up top:There is a lot of Portal connections being made by other reviewers, many saying it's better than Portal. I bought it on such a claim and it just isn't.  It lacks the pacing, humor and fun of the physics puzzles and at least to me became a bore of having to solve 1000 crossword puzzles to get a story that is dolled out pretty conservatively, supposedly with the big worth it pay off coming eventually.  Well, I'm pretty sure I'm not going to make it there.So far I have a promise of endless life which isn't given a context of desireability in the first place, and the tower of *of course I'm going to try to get to the place I'm not supposed to go to*.  But, just too many damn puzzle pieces required to climb the tower of interesting."
76561198057596142,Not Recommended,257510,26091769,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,season,"You solve simple and unnatural puzzle games, like finding tetris pieces and matching them together, that does not help much for understanding the meaning of life. And reading lots of text about philosophy on the dumb terminals of the distant future, that do not have relations with puzzles. It may sound like a stupid and boring game. Unfortunately, it is. For me. may be I should stop playing games, or play tomb raider once more."
76561198038820166,Not Recommended,257510,30866150,Posted: 31 March,all,dragonsr4ever19,"The puzzles were all right, this just doesn't seem to be the game for me. I dislike games (or any media, for that matter) that takes itself so very seriously and thinks it's asking ""deep"" questions. I felt like I was being hit over the head with WHAT IS MACHINE WHAT IS MAN. Thank you, game, I've read any scifi novel ever. I only got an hour and a half in and didn't see anything new being done with the topic, and the presentation didn't entice me to explore further.I am also very tired of Greco-Roman themes."
76561198073066340,Not Recommended,257510,29778415,Posted: 8 February,all,Meowthematics,Freemasonry simulator
,Not Recommended,257510,25465845,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,D'Neverend,"I bought it, felt it wasn't worth what I spent, negative review."
,Not Recommended,257510,16915546,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Slaanesh,Booooooriiiiiing
,Not Recommended,257510,22898766,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Superfluous,If you are religious I do NOT recommend playing this game. At least not for the story that is.
,Not Recommended,257510,29492235,Posted: 25 January,all,Revenge,⁢
,Not Recommended,257510,33319937,Posted: 6 July,all,wortex,"Bad Graphics Engine.Unplayable. Portal 1,2 best game in this genre."
,Not Recommended,257510,31128861,Posted: 13 April,all,OwO Nibba skinhub.com,If you have intel graphics or basically any mac you can't play this game. It isnt optimized whatsoever and make sure to stay clear of this
,Not Recommended,257510,31091900,Posted: 11 April,all,Helkite,"This game is boring, flavorless, humorless, and uncreative.Solving the puzzles this game presents has not been fun for me in the least. The puzzle systems are very cliched. Frickin connect-a-laser or jam-a-gun gameplay is not at all interesting. Anything involving a stupid cube or ""polyhedron"" in the puzzle offends me a little as well considering how done to death they are. I don't feel any sort of satisfaction upon completing the puzzles.The graphics, environment, and music are extremely bland. It's all copy and paste scenery except for a few theme changes. Not a single piece of the music even caught my attention, and there was never anything remarkably beautiful to behold as I played.The medium through which the story is told is extremely unengaging. There aren't really any characters. The philosophy is elementary and the historical text excerpts are uninteresting.If I had paid full price for this game I would have been extremely angry. Even at the ten dollar mark I'm feeling a little annoyed."
,Not Recommended,257510,15184159,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Lord Pigfoot Nosebeggar XVII,"I can understand why SOME people like this game. What I do not understand is why almost EVERYONE seems to love this game.97% positive reviews at this point.It's the same puzzle over and over. Pick up the jammer, jam some♥♥♥♥♥♥ re-jam boogaloo. I don't understand how anyone can compare this to portal. Neither this nor portal were really ""that hard"" but portal was fun from the first second on and had some interesting mechanics. Talos principle has nothing special you can do (in the first 1 hour of playtime.)But seriously, if a game is not able to hook you to it within the first hour it has pretty much failed.Just my 2 cents, be free to have a different opinion."
76561198031903170,Not Recommended,257510,23841253,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dju,"Uninteresting game, slow pace, it's a copy of Portal, but with text to read on computers that run on dos ;)"
,Not Recommended,257510,32057819,Posted: 30 May,all,FlameFrozen,TOO easy puzzle and too boring story!
76561198002616461,Not Recommended,257510,33228221,Posted: 4 July,all,=ANGRY= Chimp,How in the hell did this receive so many high reviews?!It is basically candy crush with some hamfisted philosophy thown in. A sub par take on portal.
76561198006620276,Not Recommended,257510,15204921,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,peterrafalko,"After playing for few hours the game becomes tedious, all the same rooms, the same puzzles, no entertainment value what so ever -  boring ,boring ,boring…Some of the puzzles are very easy some of them are very hard whit no logic behindI will never buy a game from this developer again"
,Not Recommended,257510,19338499,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,DSpivey,"Blasphemous. Anti-Christian. Anti-Semitic. Even Anti-Muslim. This game offends me to the core. I have never even written a review on steam before, that's how deeply this game offends me.This is NOT a sarcastic review. I truly wish I had never messed with this game. From the beginning, the game prepares you to hate God, and fight against Him. The short time I have spent in this game has gone directly against scripture in so many ways.The protsgonist is understood to be a humainoid robot. The voice that speaks and guides you comes from someone who calls himself ""Elohim"", one of the names of God in the Bible/Torah. This breaks one of the ten commandments, by using the name of God in vain. Then, the voice calls the robot his son. This goes directly against the Bible/Torah, which tells that God breathed into Adam and he became a living soul. This Adam was God's son according to Luke 3:38. To indicate that a robot, which does not have flesh or blood, could be God's son, or even contain a soul, is lunacy. Even if scientists could manage to duplicate the entire brain into the memory of a computer, the resulting ""thing"" would never have a conscience, which belongs to the soul God gave man. A computer or robot cannot believe in Jesus Christ, which is a requirement to be a Son of God according to John 1:12.In places, the voice proclaims that It is the words which made the world. It proclaims that the words are everything. Again this echoes the Word of God, while attempting to show that the game's voice is God. The true Word of God says this: ""In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made."" (John 1:1-3) The Word of God continues by saying ""And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth. "" (John 1:14)In echoing this scripture, the game is proclaming to be the person of Jesus Christ. This is clearly and blatently anti-Christian. (Matthew 24:24)The voice proclaims that following its instructions will lead to the path of eternal life, again breaking the true Word of God. To have eternal life, you must Love God with all your heart and soul (Luke 10:25-37). No computer or robot has these things. You are informed that you may go anywhere in the garden, with one exception, which is to never go into the tower. This is a blasphemous parralel to the story of Adam in the garden of Eden. In that true example, Adam sinned against God's only commandment at that time, by partaking of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. Having done so, we all are born into sin due to his rebellion.This brings me to the purpose and direction this game is clearly going. After hearing the commandment of the game voice, it is clear that the entire purpose of ""winning"" the game is to break this rule! Since the game voice clearly proclaims to be God, and the clear endpoint is to go to the top of the tower, which we are told not to do, we are being led into (if this were real) fighting against God. There are ""philosophical"" texts scattered throughout the game, including  a quote that says ""it is better to reign in hell than to serve in heaven"". Such blasphemy is the clear direction of the game, and I will no longer be a part of it. I am simply sorry that I am unable to refund this game.There will be some who will hate me for this review, and I don't care. You may say to lighten up, that it's only a game, blah blah blah. You may point fingers at me for being imperfect myself. I have games in my collection that may break other of God's commandments, and I don't know it. I am a human being that sometimes makes mistakes, so I am sure I have failed God more than a few times. I don't say I am better or worse than you who reads this review. Yet, I will not be silent. Every once in a while, there is an action taken by another that is so heinous and offensive, that rubs against the grain so much, that one can't keep silent anymore. The offense becomes as palpable as the difference between x-raying my bags at the airport, and having my genitals fondled by an airport security officer. This game crossed that kind of line."
76561198282565792,Not Recommended,257510,25419783,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Zgruffy,"Amazing graphics, however the gameplay is stale and nothing unique compared to games like Pneuma, if you are like me and only play a few puzzle games a year.. hold your $10 for now."
76561197960518628,Not Recommended,257510,15179002,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,stef,"Waste of money imo.I didnt play this game for long until i got bored. The game is inspired by portal, no doubt, and you have to jam certain things and figure out the puzzle. But the maps look the same, and the puzzles are all the same, pick up a jammer, jam the item, rinse repeat. Sometimes you have to think about jamming placement, and sometimes bring a jammer with you in a ""clever"" way, but all in all its not worth the €20 i spent."
76561198318190733,Not Recommended,257510,31013828,Posted: 8 April,all,Snoozin,"This game is overtly based on christian mythology, including direct bible quotes, names of characters and storyline.  The name of the narrating character is an alternative name used for ""god"" in the bible.Moving through the game layout is intuitive, the graphics are ok and the puzzles in ""easy"" mode were just that.You would need to be a dedicated Christian to find this game fun, as there is no avoiding the religious messaging / indoctrination.Its disappointing to me that I never saw this mentioned in any of the other reviews - this is a deal breaker for me, regardless of the quality of the game.I do not reccommend this game."
,Not Recommended,257510,22851005,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,rovery,Buggy garbage
76561197968491735,Not Recommended,257510,22830601,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ace,To be honest I can't see what the fuss is about. Extremely boring and not a patch on Portal ( I know they're different games but they're both FP puzzlers).
76561198041537768,Not Recommended,257510,15179753,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,TheIronDuke,Boring. Its the same puzzle reframed a million times.
,Not Recommended,257510,15081936,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,toxxi,"i don't know who exactly is responsible for this but the mouse sensitivty is far too high. now i know some smart*rse is going to tell me ""well why don't you turn it down yourself?"" but they will of course fail to realise that when using the in-game terminals there is a cursor that appears onscreen that will be relatively slower for having turned the sensitivity down. this breaks immersion and is otherwise not something one can overlook. avoid."
76561198107697490,Not Recommended,257510,33175095,Posted: 3 July,all,AL Fons,Religious doctrine hidden amongst some interesting puzzles ..... shameful abuse of a game to contaminate minds.It was OK till the scripture readings started.
,Not Recommended,257510,13672639,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,stimpy77,"It's a good game. But not great, and definitely not worth the price of a AAA title. It's just a puzzle game. There are hints (actually an overwhelmingly present but highly repetitive theme) that you might ""break out"" and discover what the heck is going on. But honestly if you're looking for the next Portal 2, this is NOT the game you're looking for. Other reviewers have compared The Talos Principle to Portal/Portal 2, and that's actually what motivated me to play. But the comparisons are limited to .. what's the nice way of saying ""rip-offs""? Oh yes, inspirations. Subtle inspirations. But here's the biggest area that Portal deviates: the next room could be in any direction, and any direction could be your way out, but in Talos Principle you're shown up front, ""these are the game levels: 1,2,3,4,5, .."" Like I said, IT'S JUST A PUZZLE GAME. And that theme I talked about that makes you think you might break out? Just the same boring ""poke at the 80s computer"" thing between each level, absolutely nothing happens, certainly no interplay between the story arc and your puzzle (none whatsoever), until perhaps you reach the end which honestly I thought was hokey. (Uninspired, I decided to cheat and look up the ending on YouTube, as well as hear other reviewers to discover what I missed.) Turns out, the ending ""story"" was beyond predictable, it was bitterly disappointing (though at least it was there), and the artwork and detail at the end was nice and impressive (B+) as it is throughout the game, but the music at the end sounded like something out of a General MIDI device, cheap and unfulfilling.These things said, is it a work of art? Sure, the artwork is pretty, the gameplay music is pretty (if repetitive), and some thought went into this. Is the game FUN? Yes. It's fun. Not a mind-blowing Portal 2 or Bioshock Infinite kind of once in a lifetime (or year) experience kind of fun, the kind I'd pay $39+ for, no. But if this was priced at $9.95 and discounts went down from there, heck yes, I'd recommend this. As it is, it's surprisingly worshiped as a AAA game, it's priced as a AAA game, but I don't understand why; it's definitely an indie game that was kinda smart but really lacks coherence between its arc and gameplay and despite inspiring curiosity and hope is overly coherent and predictable (boring) and disappointing otherwise, at least beyond the puzzles themselves.Regarding the puzzles, since that *is* the gameplay, I thought they were fun, but also repetitive in nature, yet since they were made with such obvious reusable construction blocks (very square walls with some textures thrown in to make them look like they're not very square), etc, I found the extremities of puzzle solutions to be sometimes out of place and inappropriate especially at the lower levels.(Point the beam at a distant background scenery tree? Really, guys? On level 2? Sorry for the spoiler but if I hadn't YouTube searched that there's no way I would've known how to get that star.)It's not the kind of ""predictably unpredictable"" you expect, it's more like, predictable, sometimes hard, and sometimes irritating. But then, that's how puzzle games go."
76561197962613916,Not Recommended,257510,15160941,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,aj^,"Too repetetive, snooze fest."
76561198295964552,Not Recommended,257510,22846848,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,oclatesh,Only pretends to be open minded.
76561197971467729,Not Recommended,257510,15214037,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,olympia,boring
76561197999602910,Not Recommended,257510,23987875,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Rostburken,"Overrated. Have a nice summer, but don't play this game, it sucks. Thanks."
76561197993279268,Not Recommended,257510,14099871,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Stevo021,"Can't believe this game cost me over $40. It's very basic, more like a $10 game.... The puzzles are engaging but the game lacks substance and variety. Very dissapointed in it's value."
,Not Recommended,257510,14037752,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,dr_ill,"I'm disappointed with this game, as I had heard really good things about it. Unfortunately, enough of the puzzles involve ""can you place this item with extremely high accuracy"" that they lose any fun with them.  The game would be worth a buy if it was $5, or maybe even $10.... but definitely not worth full price."
76561198043363232,Not Recommended,257510,14404695,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,zen*****er,"Poor Mac support. Nothing but crashes and freezes while playing this game, and the way they set full-screen mode prevents multi-tasking, so if the game freezes, the only way to recover is to hard-reset the computer. Support does not answer emails. I would not recommend buying on Mac; use a PC instead."
76561197971082326,Not Recommended,257510,28676782,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Odd.Man.Out,Played for about 10 minutes before I got bored and stopped playing.  Just not for me or it was just too basic when compared to other games (like Portal 1/2) where the puzzles are more fun.  Just didn't offer anything new or ground breaking.
,Not Recommended,257510,13678592,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pixxel Wizzard,"If you like puzzlers just because they're puzzlers then you'll probably like this game.  If you require some element of uniqueness, originality, or ingenuity to be present, this game is sorely lacking, IMO.  The puzzles are repetitive and grow old fast.  New elements are introduced slowly and borrow heavily from other puzzle games.  The story is also extremely slow in unfolding.  After two hours of play I knew little more than when I pressed ""start"" to begin the game.  There was no sense of intrigue for me, but there was a lot of rambling about philosphy and existentialism with no clear connection to story or the game.  I'm afraid I can't recommend this one."
,Recommended,257510,19180441,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Pinmissile,Y'like philosophy?Well♥♥♥♥♥♥ son.This the game for you.
76561198075588830,Recommended,257510,19155511,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,b_turtle,"This is a great first person puzzle game. It builds up as you go and takes you through various beautiful territories with philosophical themes. The art, design, and graphics are great!Lots of extra, tough challenges, but beating the game itself is doable if you are good at puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,19159065,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,waffle,"This puzzle game is as good as Braid or Portal if not better.  It also has a great story, unlike Braid.  I can't really explain why, though; the less you know going in, the better.   I recommend against reading reviews or looking up puzzle solutions."
,Recommended,257510,19177701,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,jskidd3,"Better than Portal, and that's saying something"
76561198122102703,Recommended,257510,19169638,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,我觉得是你,"This is the exact puzzle game that I want, expect the poorly translated Chinese texts and pointless star collection. This game may also let you feel dizzy even you never experienced before. (Personally I cleared Portal 1 and played Portal 2 for a few  hours without even slightest dizziness but in The Talos Principle I just got a nausea."
76561198220326493,Recommended,257510,19167701,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,bwretlind,"One of the best puzzle games I have played in a long, long time. Well worth it. My only regret is that I ran out of puzzles."
76561197968584607,Recommended,257510,17698518,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Jzi,"Excellent puzzle game with nice learning curve. Portalists should like this even if Glados isn't in this game. For the really deep thinkers, there is much philosophishing in the plot and story.EDIT:The DLC is worthy addition to the main game with more puzzles and more stars to find - be sure to solve every puzzle! If you liked the main game, do not hesitate to buy the DLC also."
76561197969421435,Recommended,257510,19165198,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,poor impulse control,This is by far the best game I have ever played. Just came here to buy it for a friend on impulse but it isn't on sale anymore so will need to wait.
,Recommended,257510,18884917,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,e2thevan,"At face value, this game is a beautiful puzzle of various worlds with alot of fun mechanics, but there is such a wealth of backstory woven into this game if you're willing to find it.You have a very interesting narration of your existence, which is the unmissable part of the story. On top of that are audio logs left by a researcher to whom you seem to have ties, you also learn things about yourself by talking to a somewhat helpful and somewhat cynical AI through a computer terminal. Through the same terminals you also read a cornicopia of texts ranging from technical reports to ancient manuscripts, but all revolving around the center theme of philosophy.If you enjoy exploring your games, this is something you can't pass up. It's a beautiful world with a beautiful form of storytelling woven through its layers.Play this game."
76561197988255146,Recommended,257510,18837541,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Verron,Absolutely amazing!  I was challenged by the puzzles and intrigued by the story.  I cannot recommend this game enough.  I couldn't put it down until I completed it!  Right up there with Portal in my opinion.
76561198159824466,Recommended,257510,18837729,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,jkouma2,good for the family but can get a bit monatonous after a while. 7/10
76561197967471278,Recommended,257510,18964396,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,smn,"Great story, challenging puzzles, nice graphics"
,Recommended,257510,18966643,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Bun-Bun,Awesome game.10/10
76561198064310350,Recommended,257510,19118908,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,ajfoster88,"Left me horrifically, existentially depressed.11/10"
,Recommended,257510,19118695,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Reason ♫,10/10 this game is beasttttt
76561198029936861,Recommended,257510,19118809,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,devast3d,Simply one of the best games I've played!
,Recommended,257510,19106054,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,GamingMantis,Amazing game with well thought-out puzzles. The philosophy also made me think really hard at times. This game is a masterpiece and anyone who is interested in puzzle games should check it out.
76561198091801805,Recommended,257510,19105461,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,nooby.dooh,I love it.
76561198025359597,Recommended,257510,19105736,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Dragavan,"When I saw this game I had no idea what I was really expecting, other than another puzzle game... I got so much more than that out of this purchase.I don't really want to say too much and risk spoiling the experience for anyone else out there, but this is not just a puzzler. The puzzles are there to occupy your time while you contemplate the bigger story going on in the world around you. I never go into a game expecting a good discussion about philosophy, religion, the meaning of life, and what it truly means to be a human being, but The Talos Principle does all of that and has a truly challenging puzzle game throughout.I will warn any of those on the fense though. There is a lot of reading in this game if you want to get the most out of it. If you are greatly opposed to that in your games, don't bother. Otherwise, read and revel in the amazing conversation this game makes you a part of."
,Recommended,257510,19105771,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,complaints@echoz.rocks,"It's amazing, just buy it.I played it 12 hours straight right away.Now all I want to do tomorrow is get home and finish the story."
,Recommended,257510,21444775,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Fearache,"If you enjoyed the Portal series you will definitely enjoy this one. But there's also a deep story here, writers should be commended for building a great philosophical theme around a rather straightforward gameplay. Dwells into existential territories in a rather unusual and provocative way and I really like that. There are three different endings to the story, so there's also high value in replayability. Recommended."
76561197993925287,Recommended,257510,21610018,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Qaatz,"I enjoyed the heck out of this fun puzzle game.I found the setting for the game interesting and the sound and graphics fit nicely.The game throws some philosophy to ponder as you run through the game, if you want to.  I didn't put too much thought into, so definitely wasn't required to get through the game, but I suspect there's some depth there if you want to poke at it enough."
,Recommended,257510,21610051,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Gojs,"An incredible nonlinear (hub style) FPS puzzle game, jam-packed with cleverness, beautiful settings and amazing music."
76561198066140314,Recommended,257510,21610260,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Mjukfot,"I liked it. It pretends to be deeper than it is. It utilises a lot tricks to give you the impression of total freedom within the rules of the world. These things can easily be negative, but it is well made. The philosphy elements of the story didn't really expand my world view all that much, but tied in with the story where you are a machine interacting with a machine in a machine world it created a nice atmosphere. There are nor no cheap tricks like invisible walls or places you should be able to reach within the rules of world, but you can't because you are not supposed to. A great many of the challenge puzzles even require to break free of the constraints set in place.It was not overly hard, but required me to think. And the challenges made great puzzles where you had to think of the maps as a large scale puzzle. This was something I missed in for instance Portal where you had limited amount of area and stuff to interact with for each puzzle, which in turn made it possible to find the solutions through trial and error without actually figuring it out."
,Recommended,257510,21613004,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Zimerick,"Did you enjoy Portal or Portal 2 but thought it wasn't serious enough? Buy this game, you will enjoy it.Do you love to have existential crises by computers asking you too much? Buy this game, you will question everything.Do you just like puzzle games and want to experience a fantastic game? Buy this game, it is 100% worth the money.Do you really love to hunt for Easter eggs in games? Buy this game, there are plenty to find and they are worth the search.Do you like beautiful scenery in your video games? Buy this game, the graphics are beautiful even at low settings.Have you bought this game yet? No? The hell's wrong with you buy this when you have the money, you won't feel sorry about doing so...unless of course you have a problem with questioning your own morality."
,Recommended,257510,21608862,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,oleav,Awesome puzzle game with interesting philosophical background. I enjoy strolling through the world and searching its secrets.
,Recommended,257510,21610794,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Maelstrom,"I saw this game was on sale, so I wanted to tell you all that this is the best puzzle game on PC since Portal 2.  I'd say it's even better than Portal 2, even though it doesn't have portals.Buy it and support good first-person puzzle games!"
,Recommended,257510,21610118,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Shellac242,"*EDIT AT BOTTOM*A puzzle game where you are a robot and have to navigate different zones to collect ""tetris"" pieces to unlock power ups and more zones of the world. I'm pretty conflicted playing this game. The puzzles sometimes can be really hard and make you think, but at other times they are incredibly simple for this far into the game and the dialog is getting really annoying.First off, there is a booming voice claiming to be god and you are doing these puzzles to appease him and gain access to heaven. (I am assuming since there is a gate with white light behind it that opens when you complete all the puzzles in the 3 main areas). He does not shut up. He has something to say every time you enter a sub-area in a zone and randomly he spews more religious nonsense at you. I get it, he is suppose to be god and trying to keep you in line with his faith but god damn tone it down a notch, it gets really annoying very fast.He also keeps commanding you to not climb the tower, which has more puzzles that need to be unlocked via pieces you obtain while doing the puzzles in the main 3 zones. (Psss god, if you want to keep people from climbing the tower and seeing whatever it is you got up there, don't give them the ""keys"" to the tower). I haven't started the tower yet but I am going to do that after I'm done here.In each sub-area of a zone there is a computer terminal which you can access to read text files that contain lore about the world you are in. Sometimes, and it feels like it's random, another person will communicate with you via these terminals. He talks about you getting out of there and working with you and getting you admin access to the computer so you can get out. At first I was like ""Ahh its a 'Your the test subject' kind of thing and the 'god' is your programmers keeping you in line"". Now I'm not sure what the F is going on. I feel like I am in a Libertarian promotional video game.When this other person asks me questions about what I feel defines consciousness and what I would do to ""help"" people in the world. I respond with typical things like ""I would house the poor, feed the hungry...."" and so on. I get met with being called a Hippy Liberal and the guy on the other end disconnects. Uhh, Did this just become a Facebook argument simulator? A little later another terminal was beeping at me and it was our guy again. He starts right up with asking me how I would keep everyone happy in the world I proposed. When I say everyone would be equal and get the same opportunity as everyone else, he rips into me asking how it was fair to rich people to be equal to poor people and disconnected again.I am enjoying the games puzzles, some really make you thing, but they still fall short from time to time even in later levels. I could really due without the Libertarian undertones and could do with the religious undertones turned down quite a bit. It's just making the game more annoying to play.I give The Talos Principal a 5/10*EDIT* I completed the game, I definitely enjoyed the ending much more than I thought I would. It kind of resolves some of the issues I had with the game in the first place but It is still really annoying with the consistent god yelling at you all the time and the uber libertarian BS yelling at you but I guess that's how the game was set up, to be against anything you say.My revised score - 6/10"
,Recommended,257510,22126439,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,IrishCobold,"The game has some very good puzzle mechanics and I got impressed, how the game manages to explain itself. Every feature gets introduced, so that no tutorial is needed.The puzzles are generally fun to solve, although some require you to run a lot and think less (especially towards the end of the game)The real challange and fun starts if you try to solve it 100%. To achieve that you have to ""break"" the rules the game gave you.For me it was also interesting to read the files you could access, but that is not at all necessary to complete the game.So in conclusion: The game is fun to play, but if you want to play it to the full potential, try to get all the stars.Oh and you can rescue a cat."
76561198176256861,Recommended,257510,29533042,Posted: 27 January,all,leadfoilhat,"Lovely game, excellently paced with a good story that blends well with the environment. Good difficulty curve and pacing; you won't find yourself getting stuck too often, and the story unravels at a good rate. The environments are quite beautiful too. There are in-game encouragements for exploring, but I found myself wandering around just for the sheer joy of it.The philosophy it bases its theme around is very Baby's First Philosophy Book, but it doesn't pretend to be anything else, and unless you play games expecting to learn something deep about the nature of humankind this shouldn't be a problem. I found myself becoming very emotionally invested in most of the game's characters, despite only actually being able to talk to one of them."
,Recommended,257510,29573104,Posted: 29 January,all,Jurassic Banana,"Best puzzle game since Portal2, might even be better."
,Recommended,257510,29573144,Posted: 29 January,all,Kikiura,"I love this game! It's chill, and the ambiance is great. The plot is prety good, too - minimal, and only caught in snippets, but it is thought provoking and generally rounds out the whole setting."
76561197972910166,Recommended,257510,29565409,Posted: 29 January,all,girigirisan,"Excellent game, one of the best I've ever played. A brain teaser on so many levels.... I can only recommend it"
,Recommended,257510,29575002,Posted: 29 January,all,Madvx,"Amazing puzzle game. The amount of content and details is outstanding. Also, great soundtrack and story."
76561198049255408,Recommended,257510,29523035,Posted: 27 January,all,Irish Aido,"I absolutely love this game. I have purposefully taken my time on it, not because I have been stuck, but because I want to savor it. I pull myself away from moving forward on it and take a few weeks off. I lose myself in the beautiful atmosphere created by the world and that incredible musical score. Using this method it's been almost a year now (I think) since I purchased it and it's still as new to me as the day I bought the game.There really isn't a whole lot I can say that hasn't already been said in other reviews. It's difficult to pin-point the type of gamer who will enjoy this, because I have known hardcore hack and slash gamers who have played The Talos Principle, and against what I thought were ""all odds"", have loved it. I guess that says enough about the game itself. A truly special experience, and a game that should be in your collection."
,Recommended,257510,29550093,Posted: 28 January,all,Keolah,"An excellent puzzle game. Well-balanced puzzles with the ability to readily leave a puzzle for later if you're stuck on it. A surprisingly engaging story that leaves you feeling like you're not really alone in the world, even though you mostly don't interact directly with anyone. Beautiful graphics, certainly."
,Recommended,257510,29551359,Posted: 28 January,all,Mr. Gillespie,The only reason I played this game was to pet the kitty. You never even get to pet the kitty. Terrible game.
,Recommended,257510,29544928,Posted: 28 January,all,DaisyPosy,"I being played a lot of 3D games,but this one,which is the only one that can makes me feel dizzy."
,Recommended,257510,16983296,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Snot Bubbles,"A Creatively and Philosophically satisfying Puzzle, on par with Portal, maybe better."
76561198124661315,Recommended,257510,16985326,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Anarky,Such a great game!
76561198113200601,Recommended,257510,17179820,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Lord Halcyon,"I have not enjoyed a game as much as this one in a long time.  Fantastic puzzles and a very good story with lots to read.  If you just want to do the puzzles, you can pretty much skip right over much of the reading, but I enjoyed both aspects thoroughly.  The difficulty starts light and ramps up giving it a very nice learning curve."
76561197971532050,Recommended,257510,17180471,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Conditional Love,"A pretty puzzle platformer with philosophyFirst I need to declare my love of first person puzzlers, and yes, The Talos Principle hits that itch I need to scratch. I don't think you need me to write another paragraph gushing with love of first person puzzlers.The graphics - Kinda irrelevant, although the barren ancient eygptian landscapes are all pretty enough.Story - wut? Oh, I suppose Portal and it's imitators showed you can. Yes, it is very engaging. The philosophically kinda railroads you into a certain argument, but that's alright  - I still thoroughly enjoyed the impromptu meta-discourse.Verdict:Any self-respecting pretentious twit must own this game."
,Recommended,257510,17180730,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Nert,"Surprising amount of depth hiding in this one.  The puzzles feel simplistic yet have the exact right amount of challenge that means you get a decent number of hours out of it, it's quite hard to say ""that puzzle is done, quitting time"" without running straight for the next one, and it's hard to get truly, truly stuck.  There's a lot of outside-the-box thinking to be done if you want those stars!The levels look vast but feel small due to being herded back if you stray towards the distant pretty things, but soon you can learn where those boundaries can be pushed.  There are a lot of satisfying hidden puzzles and easter eggs to be found.It's verbose, crazily so.  but manages to stay just within the bounds of pretentiousness, the story is light on detail but pieced together well over time to paint a good enough picture that it feels right.In short, it's pretty good."
,Recommended,257510,17184884,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Dakusan,"Beautiful, challenging, and extremely fun"
,Recommended,257510,17185748,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,professeur burp,Probably one of my favorite games... Simply awesome
,Recommended,257510,17186720,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,The Sexiest Nilfgaardian,"Great game, good puzzle mechanics, definately recommend!"
,Recommended,257510,17028094,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,JC,This game is very good.
76561198135724286,Recommended,257510,17028878,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Evil Potato Smasher,"absolutly awesome, cool story, nice voice^^, modable"
,Recommended,257510,17032729,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Stivis,"Geras žaidimas rekomenduoju, smegenim labai gerai tokios puzles.Kai pradėd tai negali sustos labai gerai isižaidi prie žaidimo. Grafika nebloga, puzles labai užslėptos labiausia stars, music labai tokia relaxing, sakant bus ten veiklos !Žiūrėkit kai bus nuolaida 6,79€ ! Tada pirkit tikrai !10/10"
76561197973318187,Recommended,257510,17038910,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Arric,"A beautiful and poignant first person action puzzler, this game will probably break your brain (and heart?) before you're done.  A couple of times.  If you liked Portal, but thought it needed more philosophy, then check this out."
76561198070036358,Recommended,257510,17203781,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Rio,10/10This game is so good it should be in education curriculum.
76561197992923092,Recommended,257510,17205099,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Mr. White,"Highly recommended. Great puzzles and story. It's as good as the Portal games, though it's not meant to be humorous, so if you're looking for something funny this isn't it. This game is much more serious and provocative—it will make you think, and not just about the puzzles. About everything, ever, and yourself. If you like puzzle games, go get it."
76561198069383330,Recommended,257510,17205756,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,sandman98857,"Everything about this game is captivating and wonderful. If you have any doubts, ignore them."
76561198194287390,Recommended,257510,17205972,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,ah673,I spent an hour on a puzzle after convincing myself the solution couldn't be THAT easy. Then I spent another hour pondering why consciousness is unique to humans.9.5/10
,Recommended,257510,17208990,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Immahippie,"I began this game thinking it was purely one of those frustrating, ""pull your hair out"" games such as many highly successful games before; however, the further I dwell into this work of art the more I actually see its enlightening potential and true masterpiece -- it is so much more than just a fun, rewarding puzzle game. Talos Principle provides the experience to let yourself stop and truly observe the world around you. You can finally breathe and think about your life and what you truly believe, and for that I am truly thankful to have given the opportunity to experience this game."
,Recommended,257510,17168251,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Shino Puppy,"Fantastic!It's been a very long time since I played a puzzler game this engaging. I enjoyed almost every single moment of it, even if I did have to look at the walkthrough from time to time. I especially love the detailed and philosophical storyline.If I had to sum up this game in one sentence: Think Portal as designed by a philosophy major. I haven't enjoyed a game this much since... well, Portal!Also, this is the first game in a very long time, other than Ether One, that forced me to think about what it really means to be a person. It was a wonderful existential debate, one I now miss.My only qualm is the price. I waited until it was on a steep discount, and I think you're best off doing so as well."
76561198084633291,Recommended,257510,17210660,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,adrianjackal,This game is now my favourite game. It is not repetitive at all the story (if you read everything you can) is bloody amazing and makes you think I would give this game a 10on10
76561198014097194,Recommended,257510,17211897,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Makikomi,"A seriously good puzzle game with puzzles that range from fairly straightforward to ones that appear impossible until you get that ""light bulb"" moment - when you realise that you need to look at the puzzle a different way.  Tough on the brain, but very easy on the eye.  I'd certainly get a follow-up."
,Recommended,257510,17212206,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,matthew2010,"Fantastic game, somewhat reminiscient of Portal, but different in many ways also.  Well worth the cost, and potentially some replay depending on how much of a completionist you are for achievements."
,Recommended,257510,17212905,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Jace,"Absolutely fantastic game. Thought provoking, challenging puzzles wrapped up in one giant mystery. One of the best games I've played since Portal 2."
,Recommended,257510,19352606,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Starchild,"Excellent puzzle game with a tranquil atmosphere.It's like Portal, but with philosophy instead of humor."
76561198174619262,Recommended,257510,19410090,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,wintercooled,Highly recommended. Like all good puzzle games the solution hits you and you wonder how you missed it from the start. Although some of the larger puzzles are more a matter of memory and item swapping they and few in number compared to the more compact and entertaining ones.The philosophy based story behind the main game is a bit boring as it seems to just repeat itself a fair bit but doesn't spoil the fun of the challenges themselves.New abilities get added as you progress and whilst some are more gimmick than anything that truly advances the puzzle solving it does keep your interest up.I don't think I'll persevere until the end of the game but I've certainly had enough enjoyment out of the game to warrant the cost.
76561198122157341,Recommended,257510,19402318,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,wouldchuck,"I really liked the feel of this game, atmosphere, playability, and challenege. Also a great value."
,Recommended,257510,19406728,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Goatmeal,"Take Portal, and expand every positive aspect of it - excellent art direction, engaging puzzles, and an unmistakable sense of something going on in the background. Add complex and interesting philisophical questions, intense mystery, and more atmosphere than you know what to do with. (And a fair bit of witty humor thrown in.)Very abstract plot style; based all around piecing together the situation you find yourself in. If you prefer direct narratives, the plot may be uninteresting.If you wish to explore, you will be rewarded. This game features every form of outside-the-box thinking possible; take full advantage of the tools you're given, and you can do much more than simply solve a puzzle."
,Recommended,257510,19407126,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Gallowloch,"Plenty of puzzles and sci-fi philosphy to keep you entertained, not to mention the numerous easter eggs."
,Recommended,257510,19226139,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,zaph0d,"This game is a true masterpiece. 10/10It has depth, puzzles and an interessting story if you're willing to explore the world around you.I recommend this if you:a) love solving puzzles and a deep philosphical story presented to you in text fromb) want to learn how to approach dificult problems and think a bit ""outside the box"".If you won't find a way to solve a problem, relax. Take your time, maybe do some other puzzles (the game allows this and even encourages you to do so) or take a break. It's often a very obvious solution you'll come up with after many attempts. These few seconds after solving a difficult puzzle are very rewarding (and motivating to do more).My tipp if you're stuck: Try to solve the problem in a way you thought the game wouldn't allow!"
,Recommended,257510,19220466,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,boohooforyou,"Amazing.If you love puzzle games, if you loved portal, if you loved antichamber. buy this - now.if you love stories, if you love history, study of religions (varying) / mythologies - now. (buy this)graphics are beautiful, story is amazing, perfectly timed with your own developing questions about the game as you proceed. I bought the dlc on sale a week ago without hesitation even though i havent finished the main game yet.secret room containing puzzle development and development team avatars/pictures is fun/interesting easter egg.some puzzles really make you think. some are too easy. and sometimes you find objects which have no purpose at all other than to have you wondering 'what am i supposed to do with this?'.play it, you wont regret it. you'll regret not playing it sooner."
76561198040160667,Recommended,257510,19270490,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Knuckle-head McSpazotron,"A properly good thinking game, with a good storyline, nice graphics, easy controls. Voice artists were very good. There wasn't anything I didn't like about this game. And BONUS! It's currently 66% off on Steam! WOOHOO!Wholeheartedly recommended. Props to the devs."
,Recommended,257510,19196569,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Hurricane,"Generaly good if it was not for a stupid streak of issues on on of the most annoying puzzles.This puzzle game is generally entertaining and is a nice way to spend a minute on a few puzzles every day.Bar a couple of exceptions, levels are fairly easy, so don't expect a real challenge.The music and graphics are nice and the backgound story is entertainng."
,Recommended,257510,19227785,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,scuzzmeup,"Wow, there are no words. You need to get this game.+ Most satisfying puzzles of any game I've played, including Portal+ Gorgeous graphics, engaging ambient sounds, realistic physics+ Ongoing philosophical thought experiments that will leave you doubting your entire existence10/10 would induce existential crisis again."
76561197970886316,Recommended,257510,19244729,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,CharonSquared,Awesome puzzle game with some interesting philosophy.
76561198060821108,Recommended,257510,19244895,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,monsterfenrick,"""In the beginning were the words, and the words made the world. I am the words. The words are everything. Where the words end, the world ends.""The Talos Principle fills an insatiable hunger for puzzle/problem solving after finishing a different game.At the time i've posted this, i've logged about 8 hours.To help understand how this works, this game plays very similar to the Portal games.The theme and feel of the game is much more serious but I am still having a great time with some of the more challenging areas solving the puzzles all the same.  You are introduced to the tools to solve puzzles slowly, and not every puzzle uses every tool. The tools are within the puzzles themselves as opposed to carrying them with you.It has much less spoken dialogue of Portal 2, it won't be humorous, witty or as narrative to guide you along.  While Portal is basically puzzles on rails, The Talos Principle has zones with many puzzles inside.  As long as you collect enough keys to unlock a new zone, you won't have to complete all the puzzles in a given zone to move forward and you can do them in any order you wish.  If one is too difficult, you can try another then go back later.The story is largely theological, and relayed through sessions at various terminals reading half decrypted files, communications, documents, a few found recordings and a mystery entity that eventually reaches out to you through terminal to communicate.  The ambient score is very pleasant as well.Expect puzzles that are similar in challenge and reward, but without quite so much story compelling you along from one puzzle to the next."
76561198002437452,Recommended,257510,19253368,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Foobarbaz,"Start from cons: Motion sickness. If you are suspectible, beware. There are some games I simply can't play, like the Antechamber and I played the Talos performance test (or whatever) and had some problems with it. I would not bought it without the refund option. Talos I can stomach but even with fiddling with settings I still got uncomfortable at times. Mechanics are apparently supposed to be discovered by yourself. For some likethat you can pile cubes on mines and buzzersI had to seek hints from net which did spoil few puzzles for me.  Easy but tedious tetris packing minigame for unlocking things got old rather fast. Vertical dimension is underused.Pros: This is a statisfying first person puzzle game, one of the best or maybe the best puzzle game I've ever played. Some puzzles are trivial, some require experimenting and thinking about alternate ways to solve. Some, the most complex ones in particular, can be solved in several ways. Just avoid walktroughs and take your time. Higly recommended if you are into this genre."
,Recommended,257510,19254296,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,RealityShifter,"A truely awesome puzzle game with religious/philosophical backstory. The puzzles themselves for the most part are solvable on your own, but a chunk (at least for me) did require me to youtube them to finish. The ambient music in the background plus the voice of God really add an awesome atmosphere to this game. This game is epic and should not be missed even by people who dont normally play this type of game.TLDR Buy it now even if your not a usual player of puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,19258554,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Willem Dafoe,"A first person sci-fi puzzle game where you redirect beams, avoid turrets, and listen to a disembodied voice who tells you what to do."
,Recommended,257510,19375317,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,nicrob64,"Probably the best puzzle game that I have played. The complexity and layering of the puzzles is amazing, and the fact that sometimes the solution lies within a different area is brilliant.The UI is awesome and the fact that communication is done by functioning QR codes is a really nice feature.The story is passive, but deep, and will make you question your own views on consciousness."
,Recommended,257510,19375914,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Sherman,1.5 hours in and now im questioning whether or not I'M human
76561198063124916,Recommended,257510,19405335,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Avendarius,"The game lived up to the hype.  It was that good of a puzzle game, and the storyline was amazing.As of this review I have pretty much conquered the talos principle proper and have just started road to gehenna.  I got both on a steam sale and think it was worth it."
,Recommended,257510,19419487,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,The Coppermind,"If you like puzzles, or enjoyed Portal, you will love this game."
,Recommended,257510,19389656,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Pyroki,"I read this in other reviews before I bought it, but this game as far as I played has some pretty good puzzles. You would need to think outside the box to get by any of them, and the optional ones much more so.PROS+Good Puzzles+I'm a robot+VERY in depth puzzles+I feel like, 3 hours in, that I am being led somewhere by the ""Elohim""+Each puzzle object can serve more than one purpose, or even as many as 4 purposes simultaneously depending on placement.CONS-3 hours in and I still am not quite sure who this ""Elohim"" is-I also am not quite sure why I was ressurected as a robot-I am only convinced that this ""Elohim"" is not a god like the terminals said and that he will kill me if I go to the tower.In the end, it is a very fun game if you like puzzles. I'll rate 10/10 for now, as I am not very far in and the plot naturally would not progress too much. The cons list was literally me reaching for something to put there, and really I don't mind those so early into the game. I have yet to honestly find any real con."
76561198042664827,Recommended,257510,17273026,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Alex,Great. Portal 2 without the humour but with considerable meditation on life and death and choice. Also with lasers instead of portals.
,Recommended,257510,17273276,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,LucBlack747,Simultaneously frustrating and satisfying.Not looking forward to when I get to the point where it's just the difficult ones left.
76561198196656123,Recommended,257510,17274815,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,FAZE SkinnyPenis,"Absolutely loved the game up until the end, Horrible ending. Entered the gate of eternity and the game ended without me wanting to go back and finish up the stars I missed. I wanted to get up to floor six as well. But no I didn't get to because the gates of eternity. I thought that's how the I'd get the sigils for the sixth floor.Other than that one of the best games I have played in a long time, beautiful graphics, unbelievable narration and story, and flawless gameplay.With Ending 7 out of 10Without Ending 10 out of 10"
76561197970653312,Recommended,257510,15304938,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Creamysmooth,"Wow! Just finished and just wow! One of the better games I have played. It's one of those moments where typing this up I dont know how to review it and do this game justice. A game that seems like a simple puzzle solver but operates on so  many levels, spiritual, philisophical, scientific, I honestly dont know how to review it with out spoiling things. All I can say is well done Croteam, You have impressed the heck out of a jaded gamer and managed to make me think and feel as well enjoy the experience, I wish more games could touch me like that. Sincerely thank you :-)EDIT - To put it simply, when you look at the user reviews that say ""Ovewhelmingly Positive"" just know that this game deserves it and all the accolades from various publications it has won."
,Recommended,257510,17247707,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,buzmeister92,"This game... oh man. If you've been on the fence about this game, right now is a GREAT time to pick it up. Only $13! The Demo does not do it justice. I got the demo right when Talos Principle first came out, and thought; Yeah,  it's pretty. But there's not a ton of substance. I'll wait for a sale.I have had this game for 2 days and have played it over 4 hours so far, and I freaking love it. Engrossing story, breathtaking visuals, truly immersive soundtracks, too. Varied locations, and an overwhelming amount of a-ha! moments that will keep you coming back for more."
,Recommended,257510,17247805,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Chief,"Excelent game,especially for thinkers and people who enjoy learning and thinking about life,God,reason of existence and ambiguity of life itself."
,Recommended,257510,17248637,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Houi,"One of those very rare things that make you stop and think about your place in the world, and whether you're satisfied with it."
,Recommended,257510,17248644,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,☯ ackwell,Fun puzzler.
76561198074249382,Recommended,257510,17251590,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,TheV2ng,Nice puzzles good story.Before you play realize what you re.Maybe you ll realize after you play this ;D
76561198043856134,Recommended,257510,17252618,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Hameren Yzer,Well designed game!
76561198053129693,Recommended,257510,17254468,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,HateEternal,Amazing game. Highly recommended. You get so much more out of it than just puzzle sovling.
,Recommended,257510,17256337,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Wabefuhon,"I'm not sure how to go about this game. It touches on religious and theological as well as historical areas. The game is basically the Genesis of creation for a robot in what would be The Garden of Eden with hazards. This doesn't put fault in the game. The terminals have another voice, one much like the serpent. You really have to think about what you say with the available responses. The team that developed this game really have created a game that is worth the time and effort. I bought this during a sale, so I got lucky. I strongly recommend playing the demo first or buying it during a sale, because I feel that this game is worth it's $40.I can only warn that this game won't be for everyone or will have to get a dictionary while playing this game. It's vocabulary and dialogue are pretty high, so if you haven't graduated High School yet or are in your early teens, take the extra time to learn and understand the words in this game, mainly because of the questions that you will get asked when using the terminal in certain places. I'm tempted to look online for solutions, but then I wouldn't feel satisfied with getting help with having the answers given to me.I may update this review as I progress with the game and I might get the DLC too."
76561198030607210,Recommended,257510,17257686,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Spirit,11/10Best game evar!
76561198047932171,Recommended,257510,17259991,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,castinbronze,"Wow...wow...wowI can't possibly express how much i love this game.Breath-taking scenery, intuitve play, complex (and yes sometimes infuriating) puzzles, and deep philosophical engagement.i highly recommend it and have to stress...dont read anything more about it if at all possible. skip the in-depth reviews, spoilers, walkthroughs, cheats, discussions, and screenshots.(below is a minor spoiler from something that occurs early on and totally blew me away if you just can't help yourself)I just tried to convince a computer i was human, failed, and wound up questioning my beliefs about the nature of consciousness."
76561197995500718,Recommended,257510,17260219,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,bmpt72,"10/10, would forget admin login/password again.In all seriousness, this is an amazing game. Very few games have as much thought or intellect put into them as Talos Principle. If you often ask yourself ""Is there life after death?"" or ""What is the meaning of life?"", I can say with confidence you'll love this game. If you're interested in ancient philospohy, concepts of a soul, or being a human versus being an animal, this is the game for you. Finally, if you like to simply solve puzzles that require thinking outside the box, this game will scratch that itch. I have never played a game. read a book, or watched a movie that made me think as deeply as this game, this is some next level ♥♥♥♥, my ninja."
,Recommended,257510,17275904,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Authorman,hey this is one of the those Good Games that Cool People play.
76561198052259928,Recommended,257510,17276023,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,LatinforMonsters,"It's difficult for me to say just how amazing this game is... I really haven't played anything that left me feeling the way it did.. broken but hopeful. At the core, the game play is an extremely satisfying puzzler set in a gorgeously rendered world, but the heart of the game is really only realized through the bits and pieces of information you pick up. What unfolds is a story gleaned through a voyeurs lens of the deepest thoughts and fears and hopes of humanity set on edge by philosophical questions about what that actually means; what in the end defines humanity? Do yourself a favor and pick this up and give it the proper time it deserves to read through everything and see each ending."
76561198027708729,Recommended,257510,17277290,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,loudmusicman4,"Wow. Just finished the game minutes ago and I am still in awe. This game is an experience. Imagine it like Portal set in ancient ruins with major overtones of the philosophy of humanity. The backstory is both intriguing and heartbreaking, as you discover it through found documents and soundbites. This is a serious difficult puzzle game, requiring much lateral thinking and creative problems solving in order to reach your goals. This game is a must own."
,Recommended,257510,17280670,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,FlapKap,A challenging puzzle game with just as challenging philosophical questions embedded in its story.
76561197970355245,Recommended,257510,17281588,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,LEE!!!,Amazing! Talos has taken some of the best elements from games such as Portal and Dear Escher to create something thats both challanging and thought provking.
,Recommended,257510,17293978,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Malik,An existential crisis and philosophical introspective narrative pretending to be a fun Portal-esque puzzle game. If you like puzzles but are also interested in the idea of a gameplay structure with some very provocative story elements and a sort of slow burn reveal that would be well placed in classic science fiction literature (Asimov/Heinlein/Gibson especially) this game is for you.
,Recommended,257510,17294957,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Solus,"The puzzles actually make you think, the character interactions make you think (at one point I was asked why I was so desperate to prove that I'm human and I had to sit on the question for a bit because I really couldn't think of an adequate answer, at least in context of the conversation.), the writing is excellent, the level and sound design are superb, it's massively replayable and it really makes you search and warp your brain trying to find the stars, secrets and easter eggs. Oh, and the engine is great and I was able to run it on both my old toaster laptop and my far more powerful desktop and it works (and looks) great on both.At times I can't decide if this is deeply philosophical and profoundly sad at points, or if my inner bitter cynic is correct and maybe it's a little too pretentious for its own good; but in the end and either way I loved EVERY. FUCKING. SECOND OF IT."
76561197972320756,Recommended,257510,17290125,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Chilly Down,Only into first person shooters? buy this game.Only into role playing games? buy this game.Not into PC games? buy this game.Don't like to think too deeply? buy this game.Quit with the excuses and buy this game.
76561198018592320,Recommended,257510,17295728,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,oc_nilsen,"The Talos PrincipleThis has to be one of the best games I've played... Ever! I couldn't leave it for long before I had to come back.Unfortunately my hardware didn't allow me to enjoy it all it's glory. But in 800x600 windowed mode it was still a great experience.The Talos Principle is a puzzle extravaganza with a philosophical backstory driving it and I loved almost every minute of it. I say almost, because the puzzles are numerous and can sometimes be quite repetitive and tedious. I had more than a few moments of sheer frustration and also great joy when accomplishing various tasks. Also, discovering that certain objects could be placed in locations I hadn't initially realized was possible left me banging my head against the wall on occasions. Ouch!The atmosphere of being alone in a crumbling reality trying to piece a mystery together is almost flawless in it's execution. The visuals aren't extraordinary but works for this type of game (although that could be due to my limited hardware, so take that with a pinch of salt). The sound design more than makes up for it in any case. And the music is awesome! I'm definitely getting the OST DLC.Replayability? I'm not sure about that. Maybe after a few months, but for me personally when I've finished the main story of any game it's sort of done for me and I rarely return. But then, this game is different so who knows.All in all a superb game I would reccomend you pick up and play if you haven't done so already. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,257510,17298154,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,RUSD,"Great puzzle game, interesting backstory"
,Recommended,257510,17300209,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Freyon,"One of the best games I have ever played. And I have played a lot of games.If you liked Portal, you will love this."
76561198043715154,Recommended,257510,17300339,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Come to the River,"This game is so much more than just a Puzzle game, Mixed together here is not only strikingly engaging gameplay, No, but an atmosphere that is simply amazing, The music, the Envorinment, the feel of this game is Incredible. The puzzles progress from easy to almost impossible, and if that isn't enough to challenge your mind, the story constantly challenges your mind in a very different way that any other puzzle game I have ever played. I could not recommend this game any more, Simply amazing."
,Recommended,257510,17301034,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,xPaw,👍
,Recommended,257510,17301823,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Donnobite,Some guy with a deep voice told me to not climb the tower.I did it anyway.
76561198130884700,Recommended,257510,17302211,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,andromedas,So good.
,Recommended,257510,17303442,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Rob,"Absolutely great game.If you like puzzle games, then you MUST download this one, its simply fantastic.Now I'm off to play the DLC :)"
,Recommended,257510,17304475,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,txster,"Get it. Just like Portal, it is a great puzzle game made better by its setting, story and atmosphere.Can't really add anything that has not been said in over 3000 positive reviews now can I :) Did use a guide to get 100%, maybe next year I'll replay it just for the Serious Sam voice over. Keeping an eye on DCL sales..."
76561197988502852,Recommended,257510,17151531,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,MC WarLord,Great and challenging puzzle game with an intriguing storyline.
,Recommended,257510,17156414,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Spliceddaddy,"I know that I haven't even scratched the surface of this game, but this is already the best puzzle game that I've ever played. Yes, there are puzzles, but, puzzles with lessons, you'll know when you are introduced to them by name.There is obviously an amazing story here, and even where I'm at, (spoiler) and I haven't even gotten from A-B. There are terminals with something happening, far better than boring lore books, voiced narration, exploration and events.Amazing!"
,Recommended,257510,17157075,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Gwentleman,"Got this on release, recently started playing again after hearing about the upcoming expansion.In my opinion as someone who completed both, it's a better puzzle game than the much lauded Portal 2. So for my review, thats enough said really. :)"
,Recommended,257510,17105701,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Balls Deep In Awful,I just think people should play this game.
,Recommended,257510,17107869,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Jewpacabra,"Very different and fun first person puzzle game. The philosophy embedded in the game is a very much added bonus. I do, however, doubt the quality of replay with this title. Once it's beaten, that's pretty much it."
,Recommended,257510,17114229,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,cassetto,"Ahhhhh very good, very good. I love croteam creations and I love their engine. The graphics are amazing. But this game shines under every aspect. The story is solid and deep, puzzles are never boring and the game is long and juicy. There's satisfaction behind every corner, secrets everywhere and every little step you make is rewarding. There's a good amount of ""philosophycal"" text to read so if you're into this kind of things you'll be delighted. The price is perfect, and whit a little patience you can get it with an interesting discount. But even at full price do not eshitate. Get it."
,Recommended,257510,17115343,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,ChaosPotato,"The plot is really intricate, your opinion always shifting, the gameplay is solid, some puzzles are really mind bending and there's a S***LOAD of secrets and fun easter eggs. Better puzzle game than Portal IMO, much more diverse. REKOMEND!"
,Recommended,257510,17086163,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,DionysusThyrsus,"Played for 22 hours thus far, wow. Am I impressed. This puzzle mechanics are so simple, yet the layouts, the nagging mysteries coupled with the philosophical and existential moments made this a very complex and rewarding game.The puzzles after the intro levels really make you think - hard. Some initially look impossible, but once you learn the logic behind all the mechnics, and attempt solutions through trial and error, you start to hang of it, and even figure out how to get those elusive ""star"" pieces. I never found the challenges tedious, and after restarting many, many times, I never got upset at the game or found the repitition boring. The high I got from figuring out the tougher puzzles was well worth it."
76561197994904200,Recommended,257510,17195862,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ClockworkXI,"Amazing game. Loved the story, the puzzles and the atmosphere. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,257510,17196805,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Beaulofmeister csgobounty.com,Made me think harder than any other game; both in the puzzles and philosophy
76561197997838090,Recommended,257510,17197559,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Blackthorne,"Talos Principle is great. It really reminds me of Portal in that it has an interesting story, beautiful scenery, and inspired puzzle designs. If you are worried about difficulty, don't be; the puzzles required to complete the game are challenging but not restrictively so. That said, if you want to get full completion and unlock everything, there are some seriously difficult optional puzzles which can unlock hidden easter eggs, new areas, and new dialog."
,Recommended,257510,17197728,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,transparent_muscles,I've had this game for (only)  a little over an hour and I'm in love <3
,Recommended,257510,17198462,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,dazefaze,Overwhelmingly Positive says it best. This game is a virtual joyride that brings to light the most important question of man’s existence.Why am I here and not playing this game?
,Recommended,257510,17199802,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,xXChefSDXx,"Awesome puzzler game!From the very easy ones to the incredible annoyingly hard ones ^^Would i recommend this game? Yea, if you are into Puzzle games :D"
76561198007491815,Recommended,257510,17199996,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,danielbarneysmith,"One of the most engrossing games I've played in a long time.  A brilliant mix of philosophy and intruige, well spaced out with puzzle solving.I've been rationing it out, cause I don't want it to end."
76561198027792184,Recommended,257510,17202626,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,GorillaBoy72,"The Talos Principle is Freakin awesome.I've only got a povo old GTX 285 and the graphics are superb.The music is quite atmospheric and realy suits the game.Only just started playing, but i think this will be one of the few games that i play through to the end.Well worth the money, and if you can get it on sale like i did, even better.A++ to everyone involved in production of this game.:)"
,Recommended,257510,17282692,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,sG | Dakka,The only word that fits this game is 'masterpiece'.
76561197970502199,Recommended,257510,17282948,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Frankenspine,"I know being a major fan of Portal doesn't set me apart among gamers but one cannot help but site this bias when writing a review for Talos Pinciple. I was skeptical up first purchasing and initially playing the game. It seemed at first to be a gimmicky ripoff thrown together in haste. I could not have been further from the truth. I was utterly blown away at the discovery and intricate puzzling this game contains. I still have not finished the game (due to my desire to complete and find every little thing before advancing) but I am a good ways into it and I cannot recommend it more.I have sent the steam link to most of my friends and family and insisted that they purchase the game. I purchased a second copy and gifted to one person only because I knew they could not afford it. This game makes you think. It disrupts your world and self view. Its a game about self-discovery, about introspection and perhaps most prominent: problem-solving. Rarely does a game come along that affects me as deeply as Talos Principle has and I have played games my entire life (I am 34 now).TLDR: Buy Buy Buy. Do not pass go. Do not collect $200. Hit buy and don't look back."
,Recommended,257510,17285486,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,►∪⊂k≶▲∪⊂∃,"A fantastic game for really anyone who likes puzzle games! Worth every penny!And this games in't just a puzzle game. It will make you think about things and life as there are philosophical topics about being a person and what it takes to be one, about consciousness and more. A very well made game!"
,Recommended,257510,17287901,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,SMFC[Let's Speak English],"Amazing gameI cant fin another way to describe it, amaizing!p.s for ppl who got motion sick, there is some 3d setting and it run on HD 720p , i changed it to my 6:91300/700 something and it helped, no more motion sick"
,Recommended,257510,16579404,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,KhAo.19,"At first, the motion sickness of it got to me. But after a few hours, this game is fantastic, if you find portal series enjoyable, this should tickle your fancy!10/10 will get lost again."
,Recommended,257510,16582491,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,MrChumble,Loved it - great gameplay and a story that pulled me right through to the end. There was no question of not finishing this game :)
,Recommended,257510,16583312,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,kinoko,"(my new favourite game)if you loved portal, then you'll love this. buy it now while it's on sale!"
,Recommended,257510,13776113,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,kill my ass,This gaame is so good that I would play it even if it weren't a game
76561197971251573,Recommended,257510,13761650,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,[DP]LANMAN,"Wow! Seriously addicting game. I'm a dedicated Valve fan, and this game is every bit as good as Portal and Portal 2. That's saying alot. I'm not very far into the game, just unlocked the Fan but I'm already addicted. Some of the puzzles really make you think outside the box and the back story is thought provoking. Now if I could just find all those pesky stars while pondering the question ""What is consciousness?"".Your money is well spent here..."
76561198045807635,Recommended,257510,13764942,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Owlmanandy,"One of the greatest puzzle (and sci-fi) game) I've ever played.  When talking to my friends about it, I've repeatedly called it ""The new Portal.""  Yes, it is THAT good.  Now, mind you, it's not a humorous game, but it's got one heck of an interesting story.  It's open-ended, pretty free for player exploration, and contains some devious puzzles.  This may be my favorite game of the year, or at least one of my favorites.  I would definitely reccomend this game."
76561198024362859,Recommended,257510,13768641,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mr.Frederick,"Deep, phulosophical, more then one ending, puzzling, chalenging and rewarding. And beatyfull."
,Recommended,257510,13778484,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Alaska,11/10 - would recommend everyone buy the existential crisis simulator.
,Recommended,257510,13782178,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[b.ie]theusual5uspect,A solid puzzler with some smart writing.
76561198006557658,Recommended,257510,13684596,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,major,Get this now and you will still be playing this time tomorrow with a numb bum :)
76561198018138126,Recommended,257510,13674679,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,MMz,"The Talos Principle is an excellent game. It will give you the ""portal"" experience over other game design mechanics (based on inventory management, physics and clone recording).Individually, the puzzles are really interesting and well done (despite that *one* mechanic that wasn't explain clearly the first time I came across it [NO SPOIL!]). Unfortunatly, the difficulty progression is a bit in sawtooth.There is potential for a multiplayer mode, which, at the moment, isn't in game. I hope it will be released as a free DLC.Finally, the editor lacks of documentation and it's ergonomy is a bit weird. So good luck if you are planning to map on Serious Sam Classic, The Talos Principle or any upcoming title."
,Recommended,257510,13691260,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Despi,"I rarely pay for games – only the absolute best get my money, and this is one of them. If you like puzzle games such as Portal or Antichamber, or have any interest in philosophy, you’ll likely enjoy this game as much as I did. As an added bonus there are lots of epic easter eggs to find and enjoy."
76561197990544667,Recommended,257510,13677360,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,bien,Somebody tell Elohim to bug the elevator from the tower.
76561197978987983,Recommended,257510,13678835,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Natrix natrix,"Relaxing puzzle solving game, with litle bit of filosofic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Most of the puzzles are too easy, but there are some hard ones too.I recommend if you enjoyed Portal or Portal 2"
,Recommended,257510,13680881,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Voxus,"Nothing I write here can really do it justice, just try it."
,Recommended,257510,13692992,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Raf,"Suprise of the year for me.Superb experience. Not only are the puzzles very enjoyable and satisfying but also the underlying story is very engaging. You have to piece it together for yourself out of the fragments scattered around the world and while doing so you are presented with deep questions about the nature of consciousness, personhood,  life's purpose and reality in general.The writing in this game is really top notch and the dialouges i had are easily my favorite part.10/10, would erase from memory and play again."
76561198034387397,Recommended,257510,13695544,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,benmoran18,"Filled with awesome challenges and architecture, this is definitely a win for it's originality and enjoyment."
76561198003849809,Recommended,257510,13697574,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,soulcharmer,"The Talos Principle (TTP) stands on the shoulders of giants. Among those being Portal, Myst, and Antichamber. That's not to say TTP does not bring its own stock of new ideas to the table. Discovery in TTP plays a major role so the less details you know in advance, the better. Enter the world of impeccable visuals, music, and voice acting; the world full of ingenious 2D and 3D puzzles; the world with a mysterious story only revealed to you in glimpses if you care to follow them; the world of thought-provoking philosophical undertones so rare in video games; the world with tons of secrets, extra content, and Easter eggs; and finally, the world when you don't need guns and weapons to make progress. Even if you are not a completionist, TTP will provide you with around 20 hours of gameplay. The game is extremely polished, well-tested, and rewarding and satisfying to play. I would not expect such a gem coming from the creators of Serious Frikkin' Sam :-) This is a complete paradigm shift and I'm very glad Croteam took this turn to expand their horizons - and everyone else's. I rate 10/10."
76561198019671977,Recommended,257510,13665635,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,aTax[HUN],"Amazing adventure, mindbending puzzles and lots of lots of secrets and easter eggs/references. An all around fun game well worth the money. If you like Portal you will love this one. Buy it, play it, finish it, play it again. Explore all the levels, find all the secrets, get all endings."
,Recommended,257510,13700092,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dragons Advocate,"This game is amazing. I came for a clever puzzle plattformer, but I got so much more than that. There is a ton of smart puzzles, with several mindboggelingly difficult secrets to be found.And before I knew what happened, I got into a philosophical argument with a computer text promt inside a video game about what constitutes a person.There also are hints of a hidden subplot here, but it does not get in your way if you just want to go for the puzzles - the plot will still be there when you come back looking for it.Also, I did not forsee to have a HEX editor (Yes - HEX!) open on the second screen while playing a video game this year.For the best enjoyment with this game I would recommend the following:Bring yourself in fully. Think out the arguments of the machine. Ponder the questions before you make an answer. I don't think it has much impact on the gameplay, but it is a nice thinking exercise nonetheless. It is very rare that a game gives us the opportunity to do so."
,Recommended,257510,13702621,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,elcmaeed5,"Child Independence Parameters.......... PASSED!(I'd recommend to anyone who is skeptical about buying the game  to play the Public Test. If you liked that, then you will love the full game.)"
76561197997154791,Recommended,257510,13729526,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The Doug,"A beautifully rendered game with challenging puzzles and a compelling story. The puzzles can be difficult and the plot revolves around philosophy of the mind, so while I thoroughly recommend the game don't buy it if you want a game to play without thinking."
76561198068396921,Recommended,257510,13722918,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BitByteBucket,"After playing the Public Beta, I admit I thought this would be a big challenge, and a large learning curve.Playing the full version shows a smooth progression and gently progresses in difficulty. No where near the end, but There is enough puzzles here to keep me occupied. Great work, unique mechanics, and its pretty.I'd reccommend to any of my puzzle-enthusiasts, but the science fiction can spawn some controversy when approching on religion. If you are a deep sci-fi fan, don't give it a second thought."
,Recommended,257510,17307763,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Incarn,"Wanted to make sure to finish the game before writing a review, now that I have lets jump right into it.Pros:Story, wow what a good story.Music/Sound, relaxing.Graphical, they really did a good job making it look polished.Cons:Fairly short, 13 hours to complete the game, all floors and levels.No multiplayer, something I really enjoyed about Portal which is the only other game I can think of to compare it to was the multiplayer, maybe they will add it later?Overall recommend!"
,Recommended,257510,17310005,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,MasterX,This game totally blew me away. I was expecting a nice puzzle game based on my friends recommendation but what I got out of it was so much more. The story is among the best I've every went through in a game. Near the end of the game I had just started to get a little tired of the puzzles though that was including finding most of the secrets but the story is what made this game so compelling. This game will leave you satisfied by the time you finish and possibly also questioning yourself and your moral framework.
76561198044568501,Recommended,257510,17310119,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Jorsen,One of the best games I have ever played. A beautiful mixture of puzzle and philosophy. It will make you question why you are alive and what our purpose is. Well...at least think about it deeply for a little while.10/10My highest recommendations.
,Recommended,257510,17311006,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Razeam,"A puzzle game with good, philosophical writing in its base game and DLC."
76561197993883058,Recommended,257510,17311007,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Kinosken,"This game is amazing! The puzzles are fun to complete and some can be dificult. Truly, all the hype is real"
,Recommended,257510,17317102,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,justincrywolf,"I've only played for an hour or two, but gameplay is straightforward and clever. Easy to play for 15 minutes or hours at a time."
76561198140374868,Recommended,257510,17318975,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,maria114a,Fun puzzles threaded together with religion and philosophy. What's not to like?
,Recommended,257510,17260751,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Asoka,Absolutely beautiful and incredibly well written.
76561198240729988,Recommended,257510,17261198,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,fellsp_87,"I am very pleased. I don't have much to say as I just started playing but this is just clever. I was craving Portal and Portal 2 similar type games. Although this game is far from the dark humor I liked in Portal as well as game set up.. this does the trick. I look forward to figuring out all the things the Talos Principle has to offer. The computer terminals is actually my favorite so far. Call me a geek, I am a bit of one but I really liked reading the information and answering questions and how the creators really give depth and personality to this robotic being. I play the game and really feel as if I just woke up or something and I am re-learning things. I don't know if they did this on purpose but it has that effect on you. Pretty good. I would recommened this game to anyone who likes giving their brain push ups."
76561198032951673,Recommended,257510,17261407,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Chocolate Wasted,"By far one of the best games I have purchesed for myself on Steam. Very reminicent of Portal in the aspect of solving puzzles that become more intricate the further you progress. This game is also loaded with secrets, many of them rather difficult to obtain but there is a sense of self fulfillment when you solve a puzzle that takes you a long time."
76561198110990276,Recommended,257510,17262606,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,mac_derp,Awesome game. Difficult puzzels and hidden secrets will offer hours of fun!
,Recommended,257510,17263192,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,nate_001,"Akin to portal, but instead of being quirky and funny, it is deeply philosophical and will challenge your beliefs and make you think about the different aspects of life and humanity (all I can say without spoiling). The puzzles are pretty clever too and the story is gets better and better as you go and reflect on parts of it. I would  highly recommend it to anyone looking for a  strong puzzle game akin to portal, but much more serious in tone and pretty heavy in some side reading to get the full story (the side reading is in the game itself in video logs and text logs as you move along, you won't be doing much hunting for them although a few are hidden). It stands out as its own game from portal, but there are some comparisons to be made between the two (both are first person games that will require dodging turrents, bombs, etc. all while setting up puzzles with a variety of tools). It definitely isn't a clone though and has its own set of mechanics that set it far apart from portal. Definitely worth a look and a couple hours play time."
,Recommended,257510,17264332,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Caleb,I can't believe that it took me this long to get this game. It is the most beautiful game I have ever played.It also challenged my own beliefs on morality in a way I didn't think a game could. Also great puzzles!
,Recommended,257510,17266567,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,stewedyeti,"If the lovechild of the Torah and Myst had a baby with the offspring of The Matrix and Portal, you'd get The Talos Principle. If that sounds awesome to you (and it should), I urge you to purchase this game."
76561197994894093,Recommended,257510,17266866,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,hypo911,"Beautiful environments, great puzzles whose solutions are challenging to devise, but never impossible.  The solutions never feel cheap.  One of my favorite puzzle games of all time."
,Recommended,257510,17266921,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Karki,This was one of those games that I wished would never end. Recommended to everyone who enjoy solving puzzles and discussing philosophical mind-boggling questions. This game reminded me of Portal games (of which I love so much) without being like a Portal game. The Talos Principle just might have gotten a place in my top 5 favorite games yay!
,Recommended,257510,17267383,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Mad1723,Insanely good puzzle game with a great story. Just buy it!
,Recommended,257510,17267905,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,DrRetard,"While the story is very engaging I mainly play this game for the puzzles. Most of your time spent in this game involves reading computer terminals or positioning lasers so that they open doors. The puzzles are pretty challenging at times, and they take place in beautiful environments, so it's all very calming & engaging. I haven't beaten it yet and it's one of those games where I'm not trying to rush because it's so much fun."
,Recommended,257510,17269438,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Splatt ᶠᶸᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,"my favourite game, worth buying :))))"
76561198001042246,Recommended,257510,17270352,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Raven,Thought provoking and challenging!A great combo thats well worth your time!!
,Recommended,257510,13865426,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,mob.VictoryRose,"Excellent game!  Just as I was starting to feel bored with the run-'n-gun shootemups, I stumble upon Talos, and boy, does  it feel great to play a thinking game again!  I haven't had this much fun since Portal 2."
76561197960464266,Recommended,257510,13874490,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,[AoL]Boojum,Portal meets the God of Genesis and an evil librarian.  What's not to love?
,Recommended,257510,13874548,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Ty Bob,buy this
,Recommended,257510,13875455,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,allyourbase,"Nice mix between Myst and Portal, two of my all time favorites."
,Recommended,257510,13880085,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,watiu,"Awesome game.I especially liked the little things - such as the moon being a tiny fraction of the size it is today, indicating that you are playing far far in the future when the orbit around Earth has slowly degraded and it has moved farther out. The sun blaring much brighter (and larger) as it is expanding into a Red Giant. Other times, the moon will be much larger or the same size... and if you are observant enough, can lead you to suspect what all of it really is before the story clues you in.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,13911390,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Dr.Death,"The game plays really simple at first, and even later when the puzzles get harder it stays simple in it's core. The basic rules remain the same and the tools you use are few. Yet the game gave me hours of fun solving all of the puzzles.The story behind the game is nothing special, yet it's narrated really nicely and combined with the enviroment you play in and the way it's presented gives a special atmosphere.Speaking of the enviroment, the engine is great. Worked great for the Serious Sam games, and looks even more incredible in this game. Combined with a fantastic soundtrack that fits perfectly to the game, looking at the surroundings (and searching for hidden easter eggs) was a great joy I haven't had in a game since a long time.Sure, I played many joyful games, but this one was a different level of joy. Never did I feel bored at all with solving puzzles. Even if some of them only took me a minute while others I spent more than an hour thinking about how to solve it.Definitely recommended! :)"
,Recommended,257510,13912422,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,SynthGauge,"This is the only game I've ever played that literally left me in a state of jaw-on-the-floor awe. It just looks and feels awesome. The puzzles are challenging, the philosophy is intricate, and the biblical parallels are very mentally stimulating. Overall, this is an excellent game and I will almost certainly be buying everything I can for it."
76561198044946307,Recommended,257510,13914902,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,KOHb,"The story, the music, the puzzles, the atmosphere - all of that is top-notch. The way this game makes you question yourself - Its incredible. A gem not to be missed.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,13904070,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Cosmic Cumshot,"I do not normally write or type reviews but this game was so incredible, so amazing, so interesting; I just had to! I normally hate puzzle games< my friend bought me this and this was the first puzzle game i enjoyed and spent hours trying to get to the next room! It is both challenging and not challenging along with a really intresting story about what is going on. This game challenged me and relaxed me with its soothing music and the letters in the computer terminals really made me re-evaluate life and go deep in thought, contemplating new ideas and theories. Not something I normally do. I highly reccomend you play this game! what are you waiting for? why are you still reading my now grammatically incorect review and not playing this is awesome game???"
,Recommended,257510,13909242,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,(N☆G)PapSmearsForBees?,"I clicked it becuase I saw a robot holding a kitten.  I got it because the robot looked awesome.  I played it to find the kitten.  I love it because its beautiful and the puzzles are fantastic.  It really is up there with Portal.  I may have just started it but I love every second of it.I haven't found the kitten yet, but I will.Play it.  You won't regret it."
,Recommended,257510,13830404,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,MrHopeful,A brilliant puzzler with a lot of depth. Highly recommended.
76561198014985483,Recommended,257510,13830734,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,EnigmaticZero,"Portal, as written by Descartes. An increadibly thoughtful game, with a excellent puzzles and a fantastic aesthetic and soundtrack"
,Recommended,257510,13802923,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,tumanovsky,"The game is just completly awesome!Also, thanks for G19 support :) That made game even more awesome!"
76561197994831077,Recommended,257510,13835962,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,A G H,"Recommended with caveats...the puzzles eventually become tedious...by the time I hit the last batch, I was actively hoping the game was done...it's not that it's hard, it's that it's a lot of puzzles within similar themes and eventually I just hit the point when they were no longer fun to solve."
76561197980820402,Recommended,257510,13817301,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,lobZik,Thinkwith portalslike Democritus
76561198010340863,Recommended,257510,14414801,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,xxxPoontacion,"CroteamMakesaPuzzleGame/10Serious engine is seriously based, once again proven by this game. Amazing puzzles and soo deep philosophy backstory. Have fun earning all 30 secret stars without a guide, try to bring out the rainman inside you."
,Recommended,257510,14393991,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,FarewellVHS,"I just 100% completed this game last night after 52 hours. That means all secret stars, all three endings and all main game sigils. I LOVED this game. You actually have to think about the deeper philosophy. Well I mean I think you could actually skip talking to MLA at all. That happens sometimes when the computer beeps after you complete a level, but I suppose you could just leave, haha. The story is actually totally optional, which kind of saddens me :( But anyways, you are clearly prompted to read and engage with the story and the characters and depth are all very compelling. MLA will ask you a question and then ask you to think about it and he leaves until next time, which is 1-2 hours of gameplay later. So whereas even deep games aren't really thought about by players or too many people in society, Talos Principle very much spotlights that side of the game, although again, still makes it optional.There are MANY secrets in the game and easter eggs I have barely tapped into. The puzzles are a bit harder than other games I've played, perhaps on the level of difficulty of Jonathon Blow's Braid. I solved maybe 95% of Talos alone, but looked up hints or direct answers in a few across each part of the game. There is something deeply compelling about this game that drives you to explore and learn more about what ends up being a fantastic story. The first world in fact I restarted the game because I had a hypothesis on how to unlock the first star :P I was wrong, but that's ok. Luckily, the game auto creates about 10 segmented saves so you can quickly jump around play sessions or load the previous game to play the different endings, if you get more than the two main ones ;)Puzzles are way out of the box. Even the normal puzzles might have you spontaneously guess new mechanics by becoming the scientist we all (hopefully) are or were as kids. The first major star puzzle like this feels a bit cheap when you figure out the solution, BUT that gives you the base knowledge to then expand and solve even more complex and insane puzzles later. Some stars or easter eggs are just insanely deep and took me an hour extra work BEYOND finding all sigils on a level....but they are totally worth it. In one level, you can even get a jetpack to fly around in! Which further might lead to round 2 of that level's secrets :P The complexity of some puzzles also makes me think of Fez, which when I saw the solutions to some of those puzzles, I think my jaw hit the floor and ""Turn Down For What"" style broke through all previous floors haha. All I'll say is you need general cross skill knowledge in order to make the kinds of connection needed haha. And the extra puzzles are all across the charts. I know Team Meat, from Super Meat Boy, would argue best games teach all mechanics, but I think there is an exception for puzzle games. Sure, it might alienate many mainstream or new gamers, but it adds that much more challenge for those of us up for it."
,Recommended,257510,14395160,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ExpositoryExplosions,Do You Like Puzzles?  Do You Like In Deph (Hidden) Stories? Do You Like Replay Value?  If Yes Than You'll Love The Talos Principle
,Recommended,257510,14448875,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,3MOTION,Fabulous graphics on the Mac - Gorgeous sound. Great and safe to play with young kids.
,Recommended,257510,14405801,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,JohnJoe,Solve puzzlesSay your prayersTake your vitaminsRepeat
,Recommended,257510,17325805,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Sun Rei,"Not what I was expecting, and wow was I suprised. Its soft atmosphere and beautiful scenery make it a soothing place to be in, while at the same time its shrouded in mystery and saddening as you learn more. Meanwhile your mind is struggling to solve some very clever puzzles and ask some very deep questions about your own existence and beliefs that you may have not even given any thought to. I spent over an hour talking with  friend over one question that I was asked.This game is a master piece in my opinion, a must buy. This game deservse great recognition and I avidly await the next production from this team."
,Recommended,257510,17326131,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,mitchellberry,Brilliant puzzles mixed with some pop philosophy that you will either love or think is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Could stand to be a little shorter. But a great game for testing your lateral thinking skills.
76561197965043054,Recommended,257510,17326629,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,palpen,+++++
,Recommended,257510,17327237,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,siy11,OMG YES!!
,Recommended,257510,17932089,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Avatar1909,"I am too stupid to get past to the second half of the game, but I can safely say the first half is interesting, visually stunning and I've lost my train of thought.9/10."
76561198031398133,Recommended,257510,17923569,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Kadera,"Talos is a puzzle game. A puzzle game wrapped with a layer of philosophy and heady thinking. It is also beautiful and melancholy...and from the start, as an obvious robot/android in an otherwise empty world, it is clear something not-good has happened.Where is everyone? Well, that's something you can slowly discover over time, provided you're curious to read the often-semi-corrupted files on the terminals, read the QC codes on the walls, and listen to Alexandra's time capsule audio recordings.It was worth it to me, because put together, it all created a world in which solving arbitrary puzzles, one after another, with increasing difficulty, actually made sense.For me, Talos was one of those Steam impulse buys that turned into total gratitude I'd taken the chance to pick up an enjoyable and diverting game, and what's more, a game that made me think. Imagine, if you will, feeding answers back into an in-game computer terminal where you're purportedly conversing with some kind of 'plain language' interface programs...when the program asks you why you care so much to prove you're a person.""But I'm not a person,"" I thought at the time. ""I'm a person, pretending to be a robot, playing a game..."" The rabbit hole just gets ever deeper.Anyway, Talos is a beautiful game and well-executed. I do not recall a single crash or glitch (aside from the deliberate graphic glitches intended to be part of the game itself). The puzzles, if taken in the obvious order, are very good at teaching the mechanics of the game itself. Even though ""just a puzzle game"", I found myself experiencing genuine emotions as the fate of the human race slowly became clear...  But the ending more than made up for the melancholy.I highly recommend Talos, especially if one can get it on a Steam sale, as I did.Gehenna DLC: First, I'll echo what others have said: The Gehenna DLC is for those who played the Talos base game and want more. I would also say it's probably for those who were completionist about the base game and want even tougher challenges.Most of the puzzles in the Gehenna DLC are what I would consider ""Red-Plus"" at minimum. The ones in the level reached by acquiring enough stars are really tough. I would also hazard to say that the World 4 puzzles are also harder than anything in the base game. The Gehenna stars? OMG, they were brutal.But it's really enjoyable, and I didn't mind taking the time to really figure out how to solve them. What I especially appreciated was the presence of other characters in the Gehenna world. In the base game, you're alone. You FEEL alone. Somehow even the QC codes make it feel like you're running around in an utterly empty world, with nothing but Elohim to nag you from time to time and the ever-melancholy time capsules.Now, through the terminals in Gehenna, there is a realm of AIs who have decided both to try to make sense of their existences and to entertain themselves.Although the developers said this is roughly four hours of game play, because I didn't cheat and use online guide help, I'd say I easily put 3-4 times that much time into it. Maybe more, I wasn't keeping track. The hub location and the individual worlds are just as gorgeous and evocative as the base game, albeit the DLC overall is smaller. Some of the puzzles seemed to be somewhat deriviative of the original (and required similar solutions, such as one with a hallway of energy gates), whereas others such as Open Field are completely different.The only thing I didn't like about the DLC was the lack of a closing cinematic. Just credits and it's over. Still, one of the endings does give a hint as to the ultimate destiny of these uploading AIs... And it is good.Top recommendation is to NOT (do not) play Gehenna until you've finished and mastered the base game. If you can't solve the base game's World C 'red tetromino' puzzles without help, Gehenna will be frustrating. Plus, the story narrative in Gehenna refers a number of times to the base game's ending -- so play that first, then go for Gehenna.Major plus: I got to save D0G, along with several others whose names I recognized from the base game's QC codes.  :-)  Happy-happy."
,Recommended,257510,17919400,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Honorable Chey,imagine taking shrooms during your philosophy class then waking up in the woods 98/100
76561198097554645,Recommended,257510,17921233,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Pon Farr,"The Talos Principle:Gotta say, it wasn't quite what I was expecting from watching the trailers, but I read a few well written reviews that clued me in to what the game was really like before I bought it.  Overall a great game and definitely worth playing.Aspects that I really enjoyed:Graphics:  The game is beautiful.  I could really appreciate how everything looked, the interaction, and the world generation.  It was well thought out.  Some pieces don't make sense at first, but they are just clues to slowly allow the player to figure out what is actually going on with the world.Initially I had a lot of motion sickness, however they have quite a few settings that you can change to help with this.  They did help and I'm glad they made them available.  Without them I wouldn't have made it very far without getting a headache.Story:  The story as a whole is incredible.  As you go through the environment and the different worlds, you will find bits and pieces of the story.  I liked this.  It kept me interested and working hard to find the truth.  The audio logs were great and I also really liked reading the QR codes that were left behind.  Interacting with the computer terminal, although often frustrating, was fun and philosophically interesting.  It often made me contemplate my answers for quite a while.  Sometimes I wish there were a few more options as those offered didn't seem quite right, but overall it was an enjoyable part of the game.  There was a long stretch of time where I kept wanting to talk and argue with the computer terminal some more.Puzzles:  These were pretty good.  How easy they are will be different for everybody and depend upon how well you can visually map things out in your head.  Obviously it is worth having 1-2 easy puzzles in order to introduce how a new ""tool"" works, but I would've preferred a bit more difficulty on most of the puzzles.  That being said, there were definitely some challenging puzzles, or at least some that took a good amount of moving stuff around to get it to work properly.  It can be easy to overlook a simple step too, just come back to it later and the revelation you have will make you feel stupid.  This happened to me on 2 challenges.  They do have ""stars"" that you can get, although you do not need them in order to beat 2/3 versions of the game.  These have the potential to be great challenges.  Often you'll have to think outside the box, setting up a tool in a sigil challenge so that you can use that tool across the map in order to solve the star puzzle in an entirely separate sigil challenge or within the open world level itself.Controls:  Easy to use and it all makes sense.A few complaints:Story: Personally I didn't enjoy the vast amount of text documents that you can access at the computer terminals.  Some were useful, but it seemed that more than 1/2 of them were completely useless to read.  Either that or the story is so broken up, that you forget what it was about by the time you get the next few pieces.  I often felt the obligation to read them, but usually always wanted to just be playing the game, and after reading most of them I felt cheated that what I had just read was worthless.  If I could have only read the human stories and the philosophical ones that were complete enough to not miss the point, then I would have been okay with it.Graphics:  The graphics are great and I fully enjoyed them.  But I always ran around the worlds to try and find useful things while enjoying the graphics.  However, almost all of the time exploring was useless aside from the ""sight seeing"".  I enjoy exploring, but there wasn't much out there.  Being able to climb on more stuff would have been fun as well.  I would have liked having a few more collectable things hidden around.  Or maybe not collectable, but a secret path where you see something interesting that doesn't influence the game (and I don't mean more ""Serious Sam"" game related Easter eggs, they seemed out of place).  Too many times did I explore and find that an entire awesome section of the map was essentially worthless and only good for looking at.  If you're going to make such large and awesome worlds, it is my opinion that more of it should be useful or able to be interacted with.Puzzles: The game gets you into the habit of bringing everything along because you end up needing it in the end, but a couple of puzzles don't require that.  So it can be disappointing having 2 extra boxes, a connector, and a jammer left over at the end of a single puzzle.  That's a lot of wasted time bringing them along and not having a use for them.  To be fair I only had this problem at the extreme level 3 times.Controls: The paint bucket didn't work with my controller for some reason, so I missed using tons of those until I figured I wasn't using them in the wrong places and it was a problem with my controller / the game.  Afterwards I used the keyboard and mouse for this part.  Overall, not too big of an issue.Conclusion:This game is very fun and will make you think, not only logically but morally.  If you like puzzle games and philosophy, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,257510,17965944,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Binary Daoist,neat 1st person puzzler...
,Recommended,257510,17960677,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Preecy,Just finished the game with 2 of the 4 endings.This game i bought on sale and man i am i glad i did.It is a fantastic puzzler with a fantasticly yet still understandable storyline.If you like puzzlers or if you just like beutifull and great games buy talos principle.I certainly would have bought it before the sale but i dont know why i didnt.
76561198014302489,Recommended,257510,17978247,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,lungshadow,"I'll let the other gameplay reviews speak for themselves, but to summarize: this game is gorgeous, plays incredibly smooth and the audio is dangerously immersive.The soundtrack is phenominal and the writing is top notch; I was blown away with the depth of this 'game' and I cannot recommend it highly enough.I love the open concept of exploring the different 'lands' and the story is remarkably crafted.This will go down as a genre-defining classic."
76561198025162177,Recommended,257510,18082815,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Zayin,Fun game with great puzzles!
,Recommended,257510,18069036,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Grif,"Just perfect. Awesome narration, beautiful environments, mindblowing puzzles, there is nothing wrong in this game."
,Recommended,257510,18056489,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,jimmi,"It's like Portal was written by Nietzsche and Kierkegaard.Hard puzzles, good story, nice exploration part."
76561198169865601,Recommended,257510,18064836,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Dreagation,"The storyline is quite entertaining to follow, while the puzzle start out easy and become quite a challenge.If you're prone to motion sickness, check out their anti-motion sickness mode!I really liked playing the game."
,Recommended,257510,18077490,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Toaster,"This game is like a more thoughtful version of Portal. There are almost no laughs to be had, but the puzzles will give you plenty to think about and the interactions you have with others will be of interest to anyone with an enquiring mind. It maybe falls slightly short of greatness due to some of the physics being not quite as precise as Portal, but this is a quality production that's easily worth a reasonable chunk of cash."
,Recommended,257510,18077887,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,WORLDCAM™,good
76561197993359654,Recommended,257510,18088461,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Fox in socks,"Fun game, really interesting story with good puzzles. The game runs a little too long though, the puzzles start to get tiresome and new mechanics are introduced that are really not apparent in their use."
76561198159582366,Recommended,257510,18087306,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,DrSnuffy,Talos Principle was an excellent puzzle game and was absolutly beautiful.  The mystery of discovering what happened and why you are there was intriguing though at times I was sick of reading so much on the terminals.  I loved this game and would recommend it to everyone.
76561198153696993,Recommended,257510,18095632,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Enrik,"if you don't like to read, you are wasting your time cause this game has a deep story :O it will change your mind"
,Recommended,257510,16867185,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Dandolo,Big ups to my main man Jonas Kyratzes
,Recommended,257510,16871323,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,bdon,"Without a doubt one of the most unexpected good times I've had in years. One of the most challenging and rewarding games. I never write reviews, but this game gets you thinking about life and not just puzzles. It's hard to explain but I somehow learned something about myself when I played this game.Buy it. Trust me."
76561198037145895,Recommended,257510,16875314,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,LimPei,This is game mixes philosophy with puzzle solving elements. It is highly addictive and makes you ponder about what it means to be human and what legacy you can leave behind after you are gone.
,Recommended,257510,16877141,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,kruteyebbo,if you dont buy this and finish it without looking up puzzle solutions you're an idiot.up for the challenge?
76561197960391878,Recommended,257510,18634082,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Hoojib,"One of the most fun, thought-provoking, curiously philosophical games I've played in a long time - if you like puzzles. Experience with Tetris also helpful."
,Recommended,257510,18665866,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,JohanH,"I really like the idea about this game. Some games become really boring, because the tasks you  do don't really fit into the storyline. In this game it becomes the whole point. Well done."
76561198163184342,Recommended,257510,18715613,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,sem6,The philosophical storyline is so good. Wish this was one of a new saga with this gameplay.
76561198025189663,Recommended,257510,18700573,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Great Teacher Imbajoe,"Brilliant puzzle game. It really makes you think, and allows multiple ways to accomplish most goals. Lets you make use of the everything within the world's physics to reach the goals, rather than restricting you to a simple set of rules like many other puzzle games. Puzzles are rarely excessive in length, which makes this very digestible."
,Recommended,257510,18700640,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,[O4CE] Johnjohns,I convinced god that he was wrong about everything.9/10 for lack of realism.
,Recommended,257510,18795169,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,bjuarezII,"Buy the game (or don't), if you think you really have a choice. I loved this mostly for the thought-provoking narration; so personal, religious, and philosphical. But even if you don't want to think about it too much, the stages are pretty fun to overcome. Only had to search for a solution online once or twice. Well worth the money. 4/5"
,Recommended,257510,18792627,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,InevitableEndeavor,I LOVE this game. And I know Isaac Asimov would too.
,Recommended,257510,18770048,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,The forest whispers my name,Outstanding landscaps and entertaining puzzles. Immersive story.
,Recommended,257510,18783709,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ArcanianArcher,"10/10If you like philosophy, and enjoyed playing ""Portal Stories: Mel"", you will love this game. (If you haven't played ""Portal Stories: Mel"", you should do that right now. It's a free mod for ""Portal 2"").This game has some really interesting puzzles, and will force you to think laterally. The game is well made, with lots of attention to detail, and has that very complete feeling that so many games lack nowadays. The atmosphere, story, and soundtrack are all great. One of the best things about this game is that you're never left frustrated by the puzzles. Most of the puzzles have clever solutions, that seem obvious once you figure them out. The immense satisfaction received from completing a difficult puzzle makes ""The Talos Principle"" one of my favourite games."
,Recommended,257510,18565925,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Quitch,"An absolute masterpiece and a strong contender for the best game of 2014. This isn't something you'd expect from the developers of Serious Sam.It manages that most wondrous of gaming achievements: the sense of discovery. I was immersed from the first second to the last glorious moments, and there's so many things to find. The writing and soundtrack are on point, and the puzzles themselves almost perfectly balanced and the pacing spot on.This is a game of layers, and the length of the game is up to you. There are three endings, two of which tie into the main puzzles, while the third is tied to the bonus and more difficult ones. You'll likely find, as I did, that you want to finish ALL the puzzles, requirement or no, because they're just that good. There's only a couple of them I disliked, one of which required external tools to solve, another which seemed to break the rules the world had established, but other than that they're excellent.If you've played Portal and wondered what's next, well this game is. It's such a natural spiritual sequel to that franchise, one which I would go so far as to say as surpassed its inspiration. Certainly it handles training you in a smoother and less obvious way."
76561198040488599,Recommended,257510,18598529,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,takezo689,"A brilliant game, with fun and interesting puzzles, and an intelligent, philosophy-based story. I found gameplay reminiscent of Portal (a good thing). Also, I like how you are free to do what puzzles you want, skipping what you want, or driving yourself crazy if you want to be a completionist. 10/10Pros:+ The story is thought-provoking and well written.+ There are plenty of puzzles, and extra challenges as well.+ Satisfying ending, and multiple endings.+ Good graphics, controls and gameplay.+ Well planned learning curve.Cons:- Many of the puzzles are quite easy, which help with the learning curve, but end up a bit tedious at times.- The weird save game mechanic. I wish it were easier to save and load multiple games."
,Recommended,257510,18575738,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Yobam,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. I enjoyed the philosophical readings. I enjoyed the puzzles. I enjoyed the story. I enjoyed that the object of the game is never really clear. I also enjoyed the ideas presented in the game. Most of all I enjoyed that the game questioned my ideas, and helped me see them from different perspectives on important themes like life and death, purpose and motivation to fulfill it, thinking critically and interpretting to find meaning.This is a game to get lost in, not rush through. If you don't like reading in a game I don't recommend it for you."
,Recommended,257510,18575917,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Dan B,"Original concept and presentation. Puzzles are mind♥♥♥♥s and mostly consistent with ""ah-ha"" moments.It can get a little bland over time, but that's hours into the game and by then you've by sure got your money's worth.I'm yet to beat it, but plan too. It's a great game for play-grazing."
,Recommended,257510,18677363,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sake,"Beautifully arranged puzzler. Awesome Soundtrack. If you liked Portal, get it."
,Recommended,257510,18688054,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,gravenstein,"One of the most interesting games I've played in a long time. The mind-bending puzzles and the mind-bending philosophical questions forces you to think in new ways in-game, as well as IRL. Would definitely recommend it to anyone!"
76561198029119847,Recommended,257510,18805665,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Fenrir,i give this game a 10/10very awsome mind boggling puzzle gamethe puzzles were very well thought out and mind bending at timesbut the real mind f&@k come from reading and interacting with the various terminals in the gamealot better then some AAA puzzle games
,Recommended,257510,18807630,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,★ ら n 0 0 Z y ★ ツ,Very Chillout game! the game in it self is a beautiful game! Shoud check out this game ^^
76561198027330348,Recommended,257510,18189326,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,ninocc123,Excellent Adventure!
76561198118667397,Recommended,257510,18192958,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,jrknechtel,"Next best thing since Portal, but with its own mystery and suspence. I would say Talos is a bit more involved then Portal. Would deffinately recomend.Patience strongly required."
76561198007734372,Recommended,257510,18171425,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Franzy,Очень годная игра для всех фанатов Портала.
76561197961555382,Recommended,257510,16574883,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,PidG30n,"This game is beautiful and intellectually pleasing. Croteam has outdone themselves with this title. The artwork, the lore, the unexpected interactions, the puzzles and hidden gems... They have drawn me in. Every time I launch the game, I am eagerly awaiting the next satiating mental morsel. If you are a gamer who enjoys puzzles, and/or philosophical challenges -- you would be doing yourself a disservice by not playing through this game. This is not just a game. It is a metaphor for life."
76561197985609130,Recommended,257510,16575681,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,kirbyroks,"If you like puzzle games in the style of Portal then you will like this. It's different from portal in that, you guessed it, there are no portals. Instead you will solve a variety of inventive and satisfying puzzles using things such as boxes, beam refractors, fans, and jammers. There are more devices than these, of course, but you will discover those as you go. The game also has a very cool philosophical feel to it where you are put to the test on various philosophical problems. These don't stop you from proceeding, of course, but may influence the game. If you don't like or care about philosophy, then you don't need to really care about this part much. If you do enjoy philosophy, then this will be an added bonus on top of the already fantastic puzzles. 10/10, a++, fast shipping, cured my eczema, would buy again."
,Recommended,257510,16575684,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Abracadaniel,This game is putting me through an existensial crisis. 10/10
,Recommended,257510,16576976,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,gubsl,"A beautiful game, which let's you think alot and never ceases to amaze me."
,Recommended,257510,16578197,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Teledhil,Awesome!
76561197974908025,Recommended,257510,16323465,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,A Few Manuvers,"Awesome game, fun puzzles accompanied by deep philosophical questions and an overal format that emphasizes the importance of rational thought.  Unlike most games where I try to guess what the designers wanted me to do, to finish as fast as possible, or with the best score, by the end of this game I cared more about how I wanted to finish the game and stopped trying to guess the programmers plan."
,Recommended,257510,16325217,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,KessOrangesoda,A game that has you live basic philosphy concepts about what it is to be human while solving portal like puzzles.
,Recommended,257510,16311043,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,BeakySpeakeasy,A series of puzzles which you can dip into and out of anytime.  I enjoy playing this game (despite having an unexplainable boredom aversion to the mines) although I would like to see more interaction with the surroundings at times. Highly recommended!
76561198020162309,Recommended,257510,16314118,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Mats Rivel,"This game is glorious. Not only does it have really diffecult logic-puzzles, loads of sidecontent and a pretty interresting story, but it also has questions that makes you question existence itself!The only flaw in this game might be the amount of documents you feel that you have to read. You will still get a pretty good hold of the story if you dont though, so its not nessesary if you dont want to read it.This is proboably my favorite game of all time, tied with Portal 2. If you loved portal one and/or two, you WILL love this game. Worth every penny, and that is unusual these days!"
,Recommended,257510,16375458,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sir Sandvich,"To everyone saying this is a combination of Portalesque puzzles and the philisophical quandary of The Stanley Parable, that is absolutely correct. And this combination is made in the most beautiful way.Puzzle Features: Only 8 real puzzle elements, but the way they are combined can be both extremely difficult on later levels, yet extremely satisfying once solved. +1 for making so many red and blue stars!Philisophical Features: This is probably the most distinctive part of the game. Basically there is a lot of back-and-forth between an archival AI and yourself about the nature of the world, what is a person, etc. There are a lot of ways those conversations can play out, and I encourage you to see them for yourself!"
,Recommended,257510,16375695,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Cardimum,"Super fun puzzles, just the right length, flimsy story line. 8/10"
76561198055433700,Recommended,257510,16447815,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Artisian,"Beautiful.Seriously, get it and start playing. This was worth every minute."
76561198028796297,Recommended,257510,16362669,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Thaxllssillyia,"If you have enjoyed Portal series, you will definitely enjoy this one. Mysterious, epic."
,Recommended,257510,16364692,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,somisoup,"My favorite game of the year of 2014. Highly recommend. If you liked Myst or just simply want an atmospheric puzzle game, this is for you."
,Recommended,257510,16379804,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,{SexPig}Serious Green,The best post-portal first person puzzle game that money can buy.
76561198007629233,Recommended,257510,16382024,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Coconut Crab,Absolutely fascinating. I was staying up late playing this game getting angry trying to solve the puzzles because I had to know what happened next.The puzzles and gameplay are smooth and fun and I LOVED the grandiose story and the excellent writing. Most fun I ever had arguing with a computer.
76561198045954873,Recommended,257510,15665368,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ioxaos,Great puzzle !Post apocalyptic garden of eden. It's something new.
,Recommended,257510,15669774,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,kayplaysfordays,"What I liked: length, variety, creativity, flying by any means.Needed: save!, add ons (I hope they're coming :)"
,Recommended,257510,15671991,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,vmxeo,"Good puzzles, beautiful scenery, engaging storyline."
76561197972646378,Recommended,257510,15549802,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Big McLargehuge,"Excellent game. Subtle yet extremely thought provoking story with great puzzles. Some puzzle mechanics were a bit obtuse due to the lack of any kind of explanation other than trial and error but for the most part the gameplay was very tight. Graphics were quite nice as well, some very beautiful scenery in places and the historical motif was executed very well. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed the puzzles in Portal but won't mind a low key Metroid Prime style backstory."
,Recommended,257510,15685881,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Magic Heron,"Wow! I'm just amazed by the love and efforts that's been put into this game.So many brilliant ideas and athmospheric places that make you want to explore all there is. And even more...A consistent plot and many nice yet challenging scenarios make ""learning"" and evolving a perfect spare of time.Well done, CroTek <3"
76561197960383028,Recommended,257510,15716887,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,wouternauta,Brilliant game - had some great fun puzzling my way through - some really chellenges and satisfying puzzles.8.5!
76561198031945184,Recommended,257510,15695467,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Kafkesque,"Hands-down one of the brainiest games I've ever played.  I can't help but admire how much thought went into Talos Principle, the way it uses its premise as a puzzle game to springboard into a meditation on sentience.  It can get a little frustrating in the later stages of the game when you're having complex philosophical arguments while being limited to multiple-choice responses, but that's a small limitation in a game that overall makes its point very well.The puzzles themselves are generally well-designed, and the difficulty scales well--early puzzles teach you simple principles that get applied in increasingly complicated ways in later puzzles.  You might get hung up on one or two puzzles, but ultimately they all have logical solutions, even if a few of them require you to think outside the box.If you're interested in philosophy--particularly epistemology--and/or you like puzzle games, pick this up.  You won't regret it."
76561198019090860,Recommended,257510,15695874,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,rsknight,Fantastic game. I think it's even better than Portal. If you like 1st person puzzle games then you must play this one right now.
76561198014383681,Recommended,257510,15370373,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,eagleontheweb,"Enjoyed it a lot. Puzzles and a little platforming mixed with pieces of existential crisis, philosophy, history, and other geektastic bits."
76561198002020205,Recommended,257510,15372105,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Bouwser,Before purchasing the game I've been through a number of reviews. One thing that must be noted is that none of the review I've read do the justice to the game. The story and environment cannot be put in words. Must be seen first hand. Highly recommended. The fun part is that even my children enjoy solving these puzzles with me.
,Recommended,257510,15395955,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Kobold,That was neat
,Recommended,257510,15396439,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,mou5636,One of the most amazing puzzle experiences I've ever had. The story is great and fits everything in the right place. The only thing that  got me frustrated (besides some sigils ans stars) was to not be able to get all the archievements in one run.
,Recommended,257510,15396652,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Elessar,"Very good puzzle game with a great backstory and actual excerpts from various relevant philosophical works which tie the whole game togetherDefinitely the best PC release of the year, get it on sale or off sale it is worth it either way"
76561197977724415,Recommended,257510,15396957,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,SoYman,"Probably the best game I've ever played, I have played many. Enthralling storyline nicely woven in with a well designed and balanced puzzle system. Have already recommended to numerous friends."
76561198140990266,Recommended,257510,15399455,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Desmond Fox,"Great fun.  Puzzles are well thought out - not too hard, not too easy.  Intelligent story line too."
,Recommended,257510,15400916,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Mark ''Robinxen'' Robinson,"Explore what it is to be human, through the eyes of their successor. Solve brain racking puzzles under the eye of a God-like Game Master program with a simple set of rules and a promise of immortality. Question existence, morality and what a defines a person with a deceptively simple program designed to file library data. Listen to the only human voice in the game reminisce over her life, her hopes and how she feels about what has come to pass. All of this happens with you, an AI, crafting your future at your own free will.>>Initiate Program."
,Recommended,257510,15402385,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,hasse,This game is a must for those who like puzzlers and thinking outside the box. The first person interaction is refreshing from most puzzlers top-down and isometric view.The environment adds another dimension to the game with it's beautiful scenic imagary topped off with cryptic clues and a dialouge that makes you think about our existence.
,Recommended,257510,15459216,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Syed Rizwan,Awesome game. Really great graphics. The puzzles are amazing and some are really mind boggling. Enough secrets and easter eggs to keep me busy. And the story is also great. Strongly recommend it.
76561198039797741,Recommended,257510,15461341,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Pietro,"Fun, intriguing and challenging, yet not frustrating. Difficulty level of the puzzles rises gradually, making you feel smart as a reward, instead of punishing and forcing to redo numerous times. Lots of easter eggs and bonus puzzles, that should make it replayable when you get back to it in a few months."
,Recommended,257510,15465498,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,boggz7,"The gameplay, the storyline, the graphics, the voice acting - everything is perfect. One of the best games I have ever had the pleasure of playing."
,Recommended,257510,15468340,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,ShuyReed,"great puzzle game! if you liked portal, this is your game!...but it is not just a puzzle game...  I LOVED how the story is developed, and the philosophical questions the game presents while you advance the story"
76561198047633704,Recommended,257510,15470721,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Kevin The Dork Slayer,"i never write reviews but this game is damn perfect. If you like games with good stories, beautiful sceneries, great soundtracks, and fun puzzles then get this game. plz it's great"
,Recommended,257510,15470949,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,dyslexicbunny,It's a pretty fun puzzle game but nothing fancy. Lots of interesting philosophy bits here and there. The world is beautiful and the soundtrack is nice. I would say this is a good purchase for $20 or less but that's because I found most all the puzzles pretty easy.
,Recommended,257510,15452777,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,trunicated,"Did you like Portal? Did you like Antichamber? Are you a fan of discovering just what the hell is going on?If ""Yes"" was your answer, you should check this game out. It looks beautiful, has an extremely interesting world, amazing music and sound effects, and a story that just sucks you in. Easily worth the full price, but if you can find it on sale, pick it up without question!"
76561198202320769,Recommended,257510,17631112,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Monikermonkey,This game set the bar high.  I would love to find similar games as good as this game.  I'm an older man and this game  got me hooked on gaming.   Can't say enough good things about this game and I also got the sequel to this game which is very challanging.
,Recommended,257510,17633337,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,CharredRemains,"I bought the game on sale, and what an awesome way to spend money. I would pay the full price for this game if I had known what I was getting into. If you like philosophy, and science... and Portal/Aperture... this game is definitely for you. It's got a good mix of relaxing music, and very difficult puzzles. Even reading the emails throughout the world's computers will make you really take things into consideration. Get this game, and you won't be disappointed. 10/10 for the Easter Eggs alone."
76561198113353976,Recommended,257510,17633626,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,longnosedora,"Enjoying the game, has a myst feel to it."
,Recommended,257510,17634831,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Shoozle,"I cannot believe my favourite game of 2014 was a puzzle game from the Serious Sam developers.'In the beginning were the Words, and the Words made the world. I am the Words. The Words are everything. Where the Words end the world ends. You cannot go forward in an absence of space.'"
76561197963134328,Recommended,257510,17636828,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Mepps,"This is an incredibly deep game, in gameplay puzzles and in plot, story, and writing. Portal with weight."
76561198221903200,Recommended,257510,17594049,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Daras,"So I just finished The Talos Principle, which is a game that involves no action or fighting whatsoever. I know, right? And yet, it is one of the best games I've ever played. That's mostly because I've just had a deeper conversation about humanity, personhood, and intelligence with a fictional computer inside a game than I have had with most people, but it's also due to the extreme cleverness of the puzzles and the tools given to you to solve them. Also, I'm not one to harp on about graphics, as in recent years they tend to overshadow the priority of the story in games but... holy crap this game is beautiful..."
,Recommended,257510,17594149,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ExactlyAoife,"This is one of my favorite games I've played. And I'm only four hours into it. It's that good. Seriously, I can't recommend this anymore to someone who enjoys a rich story and fun, relaxing puzzles (most of the time). Great game, one of my personal favorites."
,Recommended,257510,17594504,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Maniac,"Excellent puzzler, similar to Portal 2, but an unique experience nontheless, because of the diverse types of tools available.  Story is engaging and something special. Astounding graphics. You have to be persistent though, it can get tough."
,Recommended,257510,17595574,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Toucan Terry,"great puzzles, good voice acting, makes you think, great ending(s), and it is beautiful.  10/10, will definately play again."
,Recommended,257510,17598862,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Loyal Raisyn,"The greatest medium for expanding awareness and evoking thought of the mind is through videogames. Plenty films have touched a spot where I relate the truths of the world to the narrative and visuals. This game employs slick design and articulate imagry to not only provide a stunning game, but to do just that; evoke a thought about the truths of our world.TL;DR 10/10 WOULD FAP AGAIN"
76561197962683259,Recommended,257510,17599096,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,BulletWhole [SAC],"Elegant, if you liked, loved or enjoyed Portal, puzzle games or wished Mist had more to offer, well Talos is the principal you need!"
76561197961201089,Recommended,257510,17601142,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ShameOnU,"Damn fine game. The puzzle aspect of the game is pretty good. The best part tho, is the story that you learn about through out the game from audio journals and from emails that you uncover in the puzzle levels. In a way it's actually too bad that this amazing story is ""hidden"" behind a puzzle game that might scare of some people. This is one that everyone should experience."
,Recommended,257510,17602711,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Martin_Deschamps,"Puzzles are really nice, but the lore is what set this game apart !"
76561198086948407,Recommended,257510,17605778,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,strangledCAT,"Fantastic...Has a nice portal-ish feel to it. Fun and clever puzzles and it looks great. A bit pricey, so I wated for a sale..."
,Recommended,257510,17607945,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,El.Tawxic,"Talos Principle is a puzzle game that follows in the footsteps of other narrative driven puzzle games. This is not a knock against the game as it holds up to the giants such at portal. The narrative is more serious then portal and I found the story intriguing but at the same time it was fairly predictable. There is a good deal of variety when it comes to the puzzles and often times you will be mixing elements you learned from previous areas into the next. The puzzles are built logically nothing seems random, or out of place, or forcing you to look up a guide. Well I take that back there are an optional component that I believe were not fun or logical to look for called Gold Stars. But because they were optional I did not bother with them. The highlights for the game  The difficulty curve was a bit weird I found the game was most difficult towards the middle, while later puzzles were seemed easier. I do not know if it is because I got better at the game as time went on or the later puzzles were just weaker."
,Recommended,257510,17609397,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Mr Nitrogen,9.5/10Fantastic game.  Really solid puzzle game in great environments and a really cerebral story to top it off.Was not expecting to argue about philosophy with a solipsistic computer.
,Recommended,257510,17609518,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Softy,A wonderful experience with well constructed puzzles & discussion composed of both physical objects and philosophical concepts.
76561197964215108,Recommended,257510,17612957,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,FrostFree,"Ticks all the boxes for me: first person action puzzle game, relax-em-up with an ambient story.If it had portals it would be perfect."
76561198030358615,Recommended,257510,17616201,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,MentoS,Orgy in your mind
76561198040908108,Recommended,257510,17605293,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Voice actor for hire,"If you're religious, or an Athiest, then you should play this game. Because this game talks about Faith and who you should believe."
,Recommended,257510,17221023,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,mattshu,"I'll be honest, I pirated this game out of curiousity. After a week of playing, I couldn't continue without buying the game to support the developers. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing art. I'm so enveloped in the game that hours are like minutes. Rating 11/5."
,Recommended,257510,17222046,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,[SWITCH]100.000 Bier,Croteam shows they can do so mutch more than Serious Sam sillyness.
,Recommended,257510,17222296,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Viruzzo,"I went in expecting a puzzler of the ilk of Portal, and I wasn't disappointed; what I didn't really expect was the philosophical depth of this game. Even though (like with both Portals) I didn't find any of the puzzles exceedingly hard (in theory if not in execution, see floor  5), I found myself always engaged at the right level.This is a no brainer for any lover of puzzlers and/or anyone minimally interested in transhumanism and existentialism.Or, you know, someone looking for a great game."
,Recommended,257510,17223076,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,MJ,"Nice game, but tiring because of big number of puzzles and no sense of progress throughout them. That means it's not addictive enough to suck you in for long hours.I enjoyed the story, and the form it was presented in, but if game had half the puzzles it has it would be far more pleasant experience.6.5/10"
76561198111269584,Recommended,257510,17224295,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,richardsonchrisj,one of the best games I've played in a while.
,Recommended,257510,17225703,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,JoeCool,"This game is so soothing and thoughtful at the same time, I'm really enjoying playing it."
76561198009834926,Recommended,257510,17222413,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Paulie Cobuccilinus,gorgeous visuals and a lot of things to do. The best puzzle adventure so far!
,Recommended,257510,17227146,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Redkasquirrel,"This game is astounding. Breathtaking scenery of beautiful, spectacular landscapes and temples. A sacred(or is it ominous?) aura fills every room, with a vast emptiness hinting at knowledge undiscovered. On your pilgrimage through the corridors of trials and puzzles, The Talos Principle forces you to think outside methods you know, and create new solutions in a world reminescent of the Portal series; Indeed, this game provides a fitting(and mind-boggling) continuation of that genre. I give this game my 100% recommendation."
76561198056094886,Recommended,257510,17227751,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Rawyvin,"A must-play game. The Talos Principle is a game heavy on philosophy without this fact detracting from gameplay.  The puzzles that you encounter are challenging, and although there is a certain level of repetitiveness (figure out the puzzle, get the piece, move on to the next puzzle), the game is very metaphysics - your character feels the tedium of the tasks as well, and the game provides you with many opportunities to rebel.  If you allow it, this game will challenge your preconceptions, not only about the nature of the game, but also the nature of life and what it is to be human.Pros -- Beautiful graphics- Immersive Gameplay- Heavily Philosophical, written in a way that keeps you engaged.Cons (with caveats, because I have a hard time with really saying anything bad about this game)- Repetition, repetition, repetition (though, again, part of the game play)- Controls aren't exactly intuitive (there are only four or five functions though, so you'll pick it up within a few minutes)- A little slow paced (though 'dying' certainly can make you jump if you weren't expecting it).Get this game.  I bought this game on a sale; having played through it, I woud have paid full price."
,Recommended,257510,17227878,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,EggheadFYB,buy it
76561197971750979,Recommended,257510,17228143,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Ryvenn,The biggest surprise of the year for me.  It is a wonderful mix of a great puzzle game and thought-provoking philosophy in a brilliantly designed world.  I can't recommend it highly enough.
76561197976179499,Recommended,257510,17228322,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Candy Machine,Disappointed in lack of cat9/10
76561198100549997,Recommended,257510,17223208,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Zvizdić Pizdić,"A very ""mysterious"" game, it explores the boundaries on what's real and what isn't through it's text seen on the computers and adding some quit nice philosophical questions and plus has an awesome cast of voice actors."
,Recommended,257510,17229182,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Smackdaddy,Crazy cool philisophical and existential game. Amazing enviroment and the atmosphere is superb
76561198042624896,Recommended,257510,17229550,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Waffle,"This runs like a dream on my potato of a computer even though I got a message on startup that my specs weren't good enough. So far it reminds me of the old school Harry Potter video games that I played as a kid (at least when this game is on the lowest graphics settings). 10/10 so far, can't wait to play more"
76561198045321702,Recommended,257510,17229826,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,PK da Freshest,Buy this now. Especially if you like puzzlers...but if you like puzzlers mixed with philosophy? This is the game to get.Great game.
,Recommended,257510,17230275,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Human Time Machine,"The cat is not a lie [10/10]Will you trust your loving, holy creator? You will question your loyalty more than once during your journey.You find yourself in a rich, mysterious and mechanical world. Your sole purpose drips with sweet melancholy as you further ""the process"". The Talos Principle is one of the most engaging games I have had the pleasure of playing in a LONG time. If you enjoy first-person puzzle games, beautiful scenery, atmospheric music, hours of gameplay (not including DLC), and philosophical musings about A.I. - buy this. No question."
76561197961078192,Recommended,257510,17231305,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,PlayerTw0,Portal without portals.  Now your thinking with lazors. ;D
76561198005651436,Recommended,257510,17231447,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Parinoidpanda,"I'm (i think) 3/4 through the game, and this is a solid 3.5/5 star game. It's about as complex as Portal, and relies heavily on the text-based story line delivered through the computer terminals. That said, it's a great 3-D puzzle game with some DEEP thoughts about what it truly means to be human. The interaction between the player and the game is a great conversation that will leave you sitting at your keyboard for minutes at a time pondering the mind-blow you just received from the terminal. Or, you can just run thorugh the puzzles which are pretty well done too and will not disappoint.4/5 for story, 3/5 for compelling gameplay. I would definitely recommend buying this game on sale and spending the day playing thorugh it and engaging with the plot."
76561198052264545,Recommended,257510,17231774,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,mum,"Yes - it is the best game ever. The increasingly difficult puzzles are wonderfully challenging, but the ""story"" is communicated so beautifully.What is the point of our existence?"
76561197996420142,Recommended,257510,17328431,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Funkyman,"Fantastic puzzle and philisophical game.  If you like games that make you question your existence, this one is for you. Great soundtrack and difficult puzzles.  Not impossible, but there are some that will really make you stop and think.  Enjoyed the ending, it is bittersweet."
,Recommended,257510,17327376,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Phuck Phace,"I never write reviews. Buy this. Doesn't matter if you like puzzle games or not. You will.""Have you tried crossing the laser beams?""-v99.9.0010"
76561198066382929,Recommended,257510,17292556,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Cherokee,I just finished it like 40 seconds ago.ehhh.. masterpiece 11/10
76561198020500488,Recommended,257510,17333122,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,rizzenkampf,"A very nice puzzle game from creators of Serious Sam franchise. Excellent graphics, well-made plotline and superb writing make it really worth your while. The puzzles themselves are entertaining and, at times, quite difficult, although the whole solving process can become tedious after a while - which is why I play the game in short busts few times a week.One other thing - unlike Serious Sam titles, it doesn't seem to be as well optimised and lags behind on older machines."
,Recommended,257510,17333869,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,The Rickest Rick,This game has got me freaking out about the fact that all I am is a complex machine.10/10 Would have existensial meltdown again.
76561198036184286,Recommended,257510,17334835,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,shadowofzo,This game makes portal look bad. Just buy it. I expect it will be my favorite game for a very long time! Not only do you have to think about the puzzles but you are also forced to confront philisophy. This game will leave you with thoughts that affect your life outside the game.Is it perfect?Nope.Is it worth $40 dollars?Every single cent will be well spent.When should I buy this game?Now.
,Recommended,257510,17236727,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,IDT|Maniac,"If you like games like Portal and games like The Stanley Parable, then this is for you, as it combines both.The puzzles are fun, challenging and always fair. The learning curve is just right. Some parts of the game can become a bit repetetive, but that's nothing that would stop me from playing it.I spent some time arguing with a computer about what conscience is and you will too. The story or philosophical part of the game will make you remember the game for a long time after you have completed it."
,Recommended,257510,17232968,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Overgrown,Bought this because it had a picture of a robot holding a kitten on the front. 10 minutes in and I am now reevaluating my life. 10/10
,Recommended,257510,17237908,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Frosnite,Portal meets Philosophy meets A.I.
76561198004117310,Recommended,257510,17238420,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,p.james327,"If you're a logical, puzzle solver, then this game is simply brilliant. Combining an interesting philosophical story with pure logic puzzles. Graphics, atmospheric music and a thoughtful clues make it very immersive."
76561197986872779,Recommended,257510,17238503,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,hisownsidekick,"Like Portal 1 & 2, a sophisticated narrative imparts actual purpose to solving puzzles.10/10"
76561198047162605,Recommended,257510,17238685,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Potassium,"Very few games these days serve to challenge the mind in a way that The Talos Principle does.Gameplay wise, it's very similar in structure to the Portal games in that puzzles are laid out for you to solve, but with one key difference: you're given a lot more freedom to do the puzzles in any order that you want. That is to say, you're not allowed to skip to the much more challenging puzzles right away, but if you're stuck on a puzzle and just want to move on, there usually are a myriad of puzzles that you can choose to do instead of doing everything in numerical order, which makes the game a lot less stressful. Sometimes just doing another puzzle can inspire you to solve the one you're stuck on. Increase in puzzle challenge usually involves introducing gimmicks, and then combining those gimmicks to test your mettle. Honestly, the comparisons to Portal are unavoidable, but in my opinion, this game lives up to that standard.On a different note, this game exceeds in what I think is the most important aspect of a puzzle game, and that is its story. No one wants to solve puzzles if there's no motivation to solve them, but this game makes sure that you are dedicated to traversing its interesting and immersive world. It is, at heart, a Science vs. Philosophy story, and your mind will not only be focusing on the game's many puzzles, but also the interesting philisophical ride that it will take you on. Adding on to that, this is a game that leaves you shrouded in mystery.... You're thrown into this world knowing just about nothing about yourself, and its up to you to figure out what you are and your true purpose. It's endearing, inspiring, and its a smart look into prospect of Artificial Intelligence. You will not be dissapointed.All-in-all, if you've been looking for a puzzle game that will inspire you, challenge you, and leave a strong impression on you, get this game. It's up there with some of the greatest puzzle games of all time, in my humble opinion. It's simply a masterpiece of charm and intelligence, and it deserves more respect. GIVE THIS GAME A LOOK!!"
76561198042111099,Recommended,257510,17239242,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,zzender1,Totally worthy. Clever and thought provoking like the Portal series in an way.
,Recommended,257510,17228305,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Tranqyl,"Did you enjoy Portal?Do you enjoy puzzles that will penetrate your mind and furiously hump your head until you find the solution through bloody sobs?Do you enjoy philosophy and robots being terrible, terrible not-people?Well then you've probably already played this game."
,Recommended,257510,17240126,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Djazz Mann,"Absolutely sublime game. On the surface, it's a pretty challenging yet rewarding first-person (although third-person view is available) puzzle game. But beneath that there's a really engaging story that's delievered in an incredibly unique way, and incredibly immersive to the extent that you really put your own thoughts into the game itself and the story kind of becomes your experience. Just make sure you play through all the endings, or at least both the main ones, so you fully appreciate the narrative. Also; a major highlight of the game is the sheer amount of amazing easter eggs that can be found. Just look on Youtube if you don't want to find them yourself. I'd also recommend the Road to Gehenna DLC; a totally different story with more lighthearted themes yet still remains true to the universe established in the main game. The perfect game for a philosophy buff like me. Fantastic soundtrack too."
,Recommended,257510,17240451,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Sterling,"Absolutely fantastic game. Great puzzles, graphics and story."
,Recommended,257510,17240590,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Rind,"Being heavily interested in intellectual and story-based games, this is probably the most philosophical game I've ever played. If you are seeking for a game that includes philosophy and are interested in artifical intelligence, this game is a must to play. Buy it, and you'll not regret, I promise."
76561198079399812,Recommended,257510,17241101,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,sadimir_putin,"A total mind♥♥♥♥ of sorts that makes your feel stupid in the end. Not worth $40 USD (mainly because of lack of replay value, being that it is a puzzle game), but nevertheless an amazing game that makes that question what it means to exist, be conscious, etc. I highly recommend it, and would praise it more but I paid $40 and right now its on sale for $14 -_-"
,Recommended,257510,17241872,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,the reasons,Greate game. Second best first person puzzle game of all time (first is Portal 2) IMO.
76561198042140980,Recommended,257510,17242477,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Codsworth   CSGOx14.com,This game is about philosiphy and puzzles if you follow the campaigne and are down to read its a great game im loving it so far and it makes me think
76561198087848107,Recommended,257510,17244490,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,mandercorn,"I've been waiting for a game like this. I'd almost completely given up on playing any more games whatsoever other than board games, and then happened to get this one on a whim due to a great sale price. The graphics and levels are lovely, with great splashes of detailed architecture and landscaping, the puzzles are well-crafted, and the writing and overall plot are artfully and philosophically crafted. I find myself stopping simply to look around and savor the views. I can't remember the last time a game has so compelled me simultaneously on an aesthetic and intellectual basis."
76561197986202281,Recommended,257510,17244569,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,WaterChestnut,"Hands down one of the best games I have ever owned. It is exciting and soothing in a philosophical way; the general theme is ancient ruins and looking back on roman times. The real world puzzles become progressively more challenging, giving a chance to understand the concepts then allow you freedom to learn on your own leaving a well deserved sense of accomplishment. I am still early into the game and there seems to be plenty of unique levels to keep coming. The story unfolds as you go through narrative and text and doesn't rely on cheesy theatrical clips. There is a sense of mystery and discovery every step of the way."
76561198192282402,Recommended,257510,17244589,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Dante Z,"I think I only played two series of puzzle games since I arrived the world.One is The Portal,the other is The Talos Principle.There is no game can switch their rank in my heart."
,Recommended,257510,17244623,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,K!netic,"The puzzles are interesting enough on their own, but the main draw to the game is the story. It waxes philisophical about what it means to be human, the nature of consciousness, and the implications of civilization. I know it sounds like it's going to be some freshmen-level analysis of the human condition, but it isn't. It doesn't preach, it doesn't try to smugly bludgeon you with terms and names of philosophers or fallacies - it assumes you've heard all of that and makes little observations here or there. Enough to ask a question, or make you wonder about something, but it doesn't pretend to know the answers.While you aren't immediately explicitly told exactly what is going on, you can infer it pretty easily from terminals, voice recordings, and notes left around. By the end of the game you're expected to have figured it out, but it's not trying to be a mystery. No spoilers, but the story itself was strangelyupliftingfor me. I'm not the sort of person who seeks out feel-good stories, and I didn't expect this one. But for a story that involves total destruction, its ending is a surprisingly hopeful and positive one. It ties together human desire for revelation and our drive to invent into one strangely satisfying conclusion. It's the sort of ending that I think might be ok with if human history actually followed in its footstepsThe story is really what cements the game as excellent, to me, but let's talk gameplay. Each puzzle is bite-sized, I don't think i spent more than ten minutes on more than one or two. And every puzzle gives you a set of items and obstacles, and says ""here is everything you need to solve the puzzle - just put the pieces together correctly"". The solutions get more complex at time goes on, but the game introduces you to machines and concepts slowly, and I never felt unprepared for any puzzle.The difficulty curve is exceptionally well-done, I never felt like it threw any impossible challenges my way, and I didn't need to Google anything to beat the whole game. A lot of puzzle games tend to go from zero-to-impossible a little too fast, or never seem to pick up steam, but this one nails the curve. Even if you can't beat the later levels (and believe me, it took time), you'll still have a good handful of hours into a remarkable game.It feels strange to say this, but the game is just brilliant. It's one of my favorites of all time. Not something I thought I'd say about apuzzle gamemade by the creators of Serious Sam."
,Recommended,257510,17244903,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Flight,"This game is one of the best puzzle games I have ever played. Takes a ""bit"" of thinking to get through some of the levels, but I would so buy this game again if I had to.8.6/10"
,Recommended,257510,17244959,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Silentboop,"One of the best games I have played in my entire life.... Sure it is a puzzle game, but I love games with a deeper message/meaning.Give it a shot, and I am almost certain you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,257510,17245299,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,DevilS.13,"10/10 very challenging, makes you think outside the box as well as reflect on life."
,Recommended,257510,17245441,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Tije,A sphere scared me. multiple times.
,Recommended,257510,17245651,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,The Absurd Sloth 13,"fantastic game, not only arethe graphics incredibly the gamepaly is too,it makes you work to solve pussles instead of mindlessly running through the whole gamein 10 minutes"
76561197977959025,Recommended,257510,17245804,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Un-Possible,"the game is beautiful, the challenges are well thought out, i love this game and the thought-provoking that it has done for me."
,Recommended,257510,17245977,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Chris,Can I get my free shampoo now?
,Recommended,257510,17246187,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,geoffreywolter,"If you enjoyed the Portal series this game is probably right up your alley. In all fairness I must admit that the Portal reference almost feels cheap to me, in the sense that this game can absolutely stand on it's own merit, and while it definitely draws comparisons by nature of it's first person puzzle solving, it really isn't just cheap rip off like it might seem after your read all the ""it's just like Portal"" comments (yes I fully recognize the irony as it was my first statement as well).I went 18 hours all in on the main campaign without using any outside help, to me that is a very appropriate length for a game like this. Long enough to really feel like I got a full game out of it, but not so long that I ever felt like I was just trying to get to the end so I could check it off my list. The puzzles are challenging at times, but when you figure them out you don't ever really feel like it was unfair. The philosophical aspect of the game is very interesting as well. Really great game all around, I definitely recommend it."
76561198006391292,Recommended,257510,17528012,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,traceyshellito,"This is a wonderful addictive game that makes you think. I come from games where shooting something or hacking it to death were how you won and yet this gentle but fiendishly tricky set of puzzles has hooked me and won't let go. Everytime I sit down and think, ""I'll just do a few puzzles,"" I find an hour has flashed by! This game is worth every penny and I can't wait to solve the mystery. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,257510,17528350,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Forevermuffins,"Personally, I feel this game was great, but it started to get a tad less interesting half way through, for plot reasons...A great puzzley introspective thoughtful game that can be very pretty as well."
,Recommended,257510,17529199,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,EarlParkour,...Outstanding.No one can tell me games are not art after playing this game.NO ONE.
76561198150679354,Recommended,257510,17529297,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,sybil6sigma,"Great game, really makes you think"
76561197972822567,Recommended,257510,17529954,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Cyan,Best puzzle game since Portal 2.
,Recommended,257510,17530595,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,yamham,"Puzzle mechanics are not especially innovative, but the puzzles follow a smooth difficulty curve and are well designed to be challenging and satisfying.World, atmosphere and story are excellent. The music and aesthetic create a serene, beautiful environment - perfect for solving puzzles. I found myself looking forward to getting snippets of philosophy and backstory from progressing through the game. The concepts introduced in the story led to a lot of thinking and reflection, and I found the whole premise behind the game's world to be fascinating.This game is great. Buy it unless you hate puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,17531953,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Nys Ng,"I like playing this kins of game, is very nice~This game make me dizzy @_@I dont know why, i can play other game for whole day; but this i play awhile then start dizzy :3"
,Recommended,257510,17532918,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Raziel,"Although I doubt have finished even half of it, I think I can safely recommend this game for most anyone. Its a beautiful game for the fans of first puzzle genre and or adventure gamers who like a good sprinkling of philosphical subject matter in their games and for people who like to think, make choices and ask themselves questions about the nature of things that covers a wide audience I think. Many people have made comparisions of the game to Portal2, its that good. But while it can be said that the game is as good as Portal 2, it is a different beast than portal 2. Where Portal 2 was a pretty linear game, shoving you through one test chamber after another and had a sci fi type setting and story where you take on this evil AI robot gone rogue, (this game definitely has sci fi elements as well, it has a cover with a robot holding a cat for gods sakes)  this game is far more open ended and lets you pick and chose the order in which you solve the chambers.In fact you can get by without solving the chambers as well. It also has a voice in the sky elohim and him and the messages you find scattered about concern themselves with phisophical and moral themes. Your job is to get through the vast edifice that mankind built sometime in the past, solving puzzles and with elohims guidance reach the ""truth"". If you liked games like portal you should definitely give this a try. Download the demo provided right now, I am sure it will make up your mind if your on the fence about this one.."
,Recommended,257510,17570285,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Quills on Wheels,Came for the puzzles.Stayed for the story.10/10 would feel again :')
,Recommended,257510,17570580,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,reckya,The Talos Principle was the best puzzle game I have ever played. The story just kept me wanting to get up the tower and earn more and more sigils. I really loved how the game looked and worked. It is definitely its own genre though. If you don't like puzzles or if you get frustrated easy then I wouls not recommend this game to those users.
76561197970563452,Recommended,257510,17573244,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Rico The Saboteur,"Very elegant puzzle design that almost never relies on overlong tedious solutions or overly complex chains of actions. If The Talos Principle was just a serie of puzzles, it would be a very good game, but the narrative context in which these puzzles are placed elevates the game to one of the very best of the last few years.Multiplicating the narrative supports and story lines, the game weaves a very engaging tale steeped in philosophy, but, more than that, it's one that is at its more powerful in video game form, and not only because there are different endings.The only two slight reservations I have about The Talos Principle are that the nature of the puzzles does not have much to do with the story (having to solve puzzles is part of it, but why this type of maze navigating puzzles?) and that the most narratively satisfying ending, the one that sheds a new light on the whole game and that allows everything to fall into place, is very difficult to obtain (mostly because it involves finding objects hidden in many different ways in large areas). It makes perfect sense that it is, but it is also a shame to see that a number of people never reached it. I highly encourage people to go as far as they can and then check the many guides in written and/or video form to help them experience what must be one of the pinnacle of video game writing.PS: The DLC expends on the game's world in a very clever and satisfying way. Of course, it also provides a healthy dose of slightly harder puzzles and, more surprisingly, a healthy dose of text based interactive fiction! Well worth your time even if the conclusion is not as brilliant as the one of the core game (but how could it have?)."
76561198035726626,Recommended,257510,17573320,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,TinkerTailor,"This is an enjoyable game, though the puzzles can get tedious at times."
76561197997341040,Recommended,257510,17574090,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Pickle,"Just finished it.  Good game..but not perfect.  Pretty, surreal and monumental backdrops play host to the many, many well designed and clever puzzles.  I've always liked this sort of thing, and must thumbs up, because it's so rare now to see such a nice example.  However as good as it is, there are a few minor flaws:* The puzzles gain in complexity over a very long, shallow and almost linear learning curve and at times it feels like a particularly long set of tutorial maps.* You'll only play through this once, as there's only one correct way to solve each puzzle.* The puzzles are well balanced and a few are challenging, however once you've got the hang of the basic puzzle elements, the problems generally become easy because you know that there are so few ways to actually go wrong.* Part of me liked the philosophical texts in the game, it's an unusual twist, but they do get boring and increasingly irrelevant after a time and both hide and confuse the pretext story, particularly early on.* Each level is broken down into a number of discrete and sealed off sub-sections cotaining one puzzle each.  While some of the puzzles might allow you to make use of the elements from a neighbouring sub-section,  to gain a bonus point, there's not enough of this going on.  Missed opportunities to make it really interesting every-where.* There are a number of messages left on the walls around the game, to add some depth to the core story.  The fictional authors vary so much and the texts are generally so pointless that it's hard to gain any sense of the characters involved until near the end of the game.* There's a secondary tetris style jigsaw puzzle sub-game involved, used to unlock some of the doors.  Early on these really are not challenging in any way and so are pointless..later they become much more complex but also mind-numbingly boring, as there's no real logic to solving them generally, beyond rotating the puzzle pieces until one fits.* Crashed a lot initially, due to some kind of persistent graphics issue.  Had to switch from DX11 to OpenGL in the end, to get it stable.  Not as pretty.Despite all of the above, I still recomend the game.  The primary game puzzles aren't bad, and not even repetative particularly, they just lack variety and complexity a little in places.  One of the puzzle tools is particularly novel and interesting to use."
76561198088125408,Recommended,257510,17575379,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,moss_roy,"Nicely written story.  They give just enough clues, gleaned from various computer terminals, to draw you into their universe but not enough to tell the whole story.  The puzzles were well thought out, but none of them seemed to me, to have solutions way out in left field.  And they leave enough misdirection in some of them to keep you scratching your head for awhile until you have thet DOH! moment when you can't believe you didn't see that.Even though you figure out early on you are a rat in a maze, it's a maze you feel led to complete anyway.  If you like games with puzzles that make you think, nice graphics, pleasant background music, and a thought-provoking storyline, you need to give this one a shot."
,Recommended,257510,17576134,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Elektordi,One of the best games I have played for a while...But you have to know there is a lot of reading in-game if you want the full story! :)
76561198032716831,Recommended,257510,17561031,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Johnny Sins | Gamdom.com,Adam and Eve simulator 2015
76561198010706297,Recommended,257510,17562991,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,AConfusedOldMan,"If you like MystIf you like PortalIf you like The Stanley ParableDon't hesitate spending your money on this (especially when it's on sale, of course)If you don't like any of those games, then nevermind and go back to playing Call of Duty."
76561198032093311,Recommended,257510,17583020,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,JR,Very good puzzle game. Portal and this game have similar characteristics.
,Recommended,257510,17586913,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Lord Weh,"The Talos Principle is both a puzzle game and a philosophical exercise. Gameplay-wise, it takes its cues from games like Portal, Q.U.B.E. and Antichamber, but the existential philosophy of the plot gives the game an interesting and deeper spin.The mix of philosophy and puzzles works very well together… Getting stuck in a puzzle often means you wander off to explore another puzzle, giving your mind space to consider new answers, and at the same time the themes and heavy questions posed by the game’s plot brew in your mind. You are asked questions and explore these ideas at points between the puzzles, and I found going back and forth between logical puzzle-work and ethical considerations quite interesting.Content-wise, the game is pretty big. There are three distinct worlds with over two dozen puzzles in each, then there are hidden stars to collect in the game offering additional puzzles, along with many other hidden secrets and easter eggs. Gathering all the stars feeds into a secret ending, which I found a fun task (although ultimately I needed a guide to gather some of the more elusive stars), and some of the secret areas offer a deeper look into the plot.Whilst the plot is fairly predictable, I found it so well written and thoroughly explored that I was compelled to find everything I could about it in the game. Whilst the plot could be seen as almost optional, and many of the puzzles can be skipped if going for a quick completion, the themes explored had me hunting down every last puzzle and scrap of information.The Talos Principle is a fantastic puzzle game with an interesting story that lingers with you long after switching it off."
76561198001742829,Recommended,257510,17587114,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Ziri,"This game really got a special place in my heart. At first it looks like a puzzle game similar to Portal though without glados, but after a brief period of time I actually started to think about that world, like what's going on and that.And when puzzles in game give me a headache, that's a sign of a challenging difficulity.10/10"
76561198240906830,Recommended,257510,17588781,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,jmdi82,"If you enjoyed playing the magnificent Portal and its sequel (Portal 2), then this just might be the game for you. Even if there is no GlaDOS and Wheatley, nor any apparent nemesis, most of the time I felt as if I was playing another iteration in the aforementioned franchise. The reason is: puzzle game, lonely and mute main character, first person view perspective, cynical remarks from a computer, and so on.* Puzzles: The way they are set troughout the game is very pedagogical. Very simple at the beggining, the difficulty level grows along with the variety of objects that are involved.* Story: When the game starts there is no explanation whatsoever regarding why you are ""there"" and how you came to be.  However, while moving on further in the story, arisen questions become to be answered. Mystery is, in my opinion, a strong component, and it keeps alive the gamer's interest in completing the story.* Fun: So long it's been really addictive. I've been playing for almost 9 hours and already want to buy the DLC.I hope you find this, my first review, useful!"
,Recommended,257510,17590731,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,NobleWolf42,"Wonderful graphics, awesome sound and voice actors. Very fun to play. 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,17591259,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,[NWNL]Memelord5,"Simply put, this game is amazing. It is impossible to think this is an indie game, and the good ending (Next word is spoiler: tower ending) was really touching"
,Recommended,257510,17591518,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,KubeKreature,"Awesome game, awesome puzzles, lovely visuals, fantastic writing.this game is gr8 m8"
76561198025177215,Recommended,257510,17593521,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Lauren,This is one of the best games I have ever played. There are tons of things to find and do aside from the main plot. Keep an eye out for easter eggs!
76561198014224822,Recommended,257510,17788830,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,erikhalv,"This is a kind of puzzle/strategy game that has an unique atmosphere and is both entertaining and challenging. Personally I found it a bit lonely in the game, as the historical scenery make you feel like a hologram from the past, but this was also in sync with the storyline. Talos was interresting enough that I will have a look at what else this company have released- wich in itself is a mark of approval.. I'll rate it 90/100"
76561198048976141,Recommended,257510,17671022,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,BilboBaggieBalls,"If you enjoyed Myst and Portal, then you will love this game.  Talos Principal is a super high quality puzzle game with excellent graphics and intriguing storyline.   The puzzles are very creative and fun.  I was thoroughly impressed.Much respect to the designers.  You guys hit it out of the park with this one."
,Recommended,257510,17678393,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Ogulus The Indifferent,"9/10. As far as puzzle games go, The Talos Principle had me fully invested and I definitely had to rack my brain to work out the more difficult ones. It's a beautiful game and it has great gameplay mechanics. There's the philosophy component as well, which is an integral part of the game's story.While I enjoyed solving puzzles and debating a computer about what it means to be a person, I didn't feel like the two meshed well together. When I purchased the game I was actually expecting to sit in a room with a robot and debate the meaning of life and personhood. Instead, it's basically Portal with an exploration of humanity woven throughout the story.One of the star puzzles required outside research (The Eagle Has Landed), which I found unnecessary. A few of the others were so well hidden that I had to do a google search.All in all, The Talos Principle is a great game and well worth the price. I sunk over 20 hours into it. My only criticism is that I didn't feel that running around searching for Tetris pieces is the best avenue for exploring what it means to be a person."
,Recommended,257510,21954042,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Kuntsam,Nice
76561197999090318,Recommended,257510,22029130,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,wellspokenman,"The best puzzle game I've played since Riven. I enjoyed it as much as Portal and more than Portal 2. Strong praise I know; just trying to succinctly convey how very much I love this game.The lore is excellent and their justification for your in-game activities actually holds up to further scrutiny. It's also entirely optional, so you can just cut straight to the puzzles if you prefer.Puzzles are not strictly linear, so you can hop over to the next one if stuck.Puzzle quality is excellent and well paced. When I fail I feel it is because I lack knowledge that is within my power to attain. When I succeed I feel a marvellous sense of mastery. Difficulty ramps up towards end game, but typically iterates on lessons previously learned. Mechanics are limited but as a result it feels like they are all thoroughly explored.Easter eggs abound - loved stumbling upon these. Don't want to spoil anything but rest assured that there are many and they vary wildly in terms of how you find them, what they are about and how they are presented.Motion sickness is my only complaint - the in-game options really helped though. Has never happened to me before and even with 3rd person and higher FOV I had to be careful not to move too quickly. Suspect it has something to do with how they've created their 3d assets. They're extremly detailed/high res in a way that looks different (good, but different). Just a hunch as to the cause. Suggest watching 1080/60 video to see if it affects you, if this is of concern.Thank you very much to Croteam for making such an excellent game. Now if you don't mind, I've got to get cracking on that DLC.Edit: Wow that was tough. Loved both puzzles and lore as much as I did in the base game for RTG DLC. Either I'm really thick, or the difficulty is ratcheted up a fair bit for the DLC. Very satisfying."
76561198097779752,Recommended,257510,22135900,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Player One,"This is one of the best games I've ever played.It's not just about the puzzles, the storyline is beyond interesting and who would have throught talking to a computer program could be so deep. I have to say this game overall is just fantastic and the artwork is beautiful. If I could give this game a double yes I would."
76561197987123664,Recommended,257510,21759793,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Martial.Lore,"Absolutely beautiful. And puzzles within puzzles. Second playthrough: even more impressed. Ready to dive in again, read everything and access more hidden areas. And then buy the DLC."
76561197961426237,Recommended,257510,22133255,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Bayou,"The puzzles are varied, interesting, and progressively harder. I found the entire game fun."
76561198072027162,Recommended,257510,22086835,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,russonc,"A fabulous puzzle game. Fun story, very nice graphics, plenty of easter eggs to find.  Not a game you really want to rush through.  I made it through about 95% without a guide, but did need some help on a few end game puzzles.  I only completed 2 endings (I never did complete getting all the stars and didn't want to go back through all the puzzles again to find them all. )   Still about 20 hours to complete all the other puzzles for the 2 endings I saw.   Will head over to the DLC after a short break.   Really one of the best games I've played in a while for overall fun, atmosphere and just well made. If you don't like anything to do with puzzles, maybe pass, but otherwise a great find."
,Recommended,257510,22088039,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,adrenalinda,"I loved every minute of this game. It is sometimes brainbending and though I am not a completionist, the world of The Talos Principle inspired awe and encouraged more than just solving puzzle after puzzle. Every piece of information you collect, every snipped of text you read contributes to better understand this fantastical world you're thrown into without a single clue about what is going on. The story unravels as you progress and every puzzle solved and wisdom gained is a very rewarding feeling bringing you closer to your discoveries. It is - without doubt - a piece of art and an ode to what it means to be a person and human. It is a journey worth taking and I humbly bow before the dev's of such an ingenious piece of software."
76561198026294275,Recommended,257510,22082704,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Duck'Fu,This game was enjoyable from start to finish. The overall message the game sent was clear and extremely interesting to unfold. Not to mention a great puzzle solving adventure filled with dynamic tricks used in creative ways so they never felt overplayed. Basically what your initial impression of what this game is and will be is wrong because its better then that. if your on the fence do yourself the favor and go for it youll enjoy it.
,Recommended,257510,22072428,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,teamoaktree,The was an amazing puzzle adventure to say the least. Def worth buying!!
,Recommended,257510,21930482,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Tamloo,"I enjoyed this title a lot. It had a lot of good puzzles comparable to the Portal series. In terms of story I would compare The Talos Principle to the original Portal. In other words, do not expect a large compelling story like Portal 2. I think The Talos Principle was around the perfect length in terms of my completion time and a good difficultly. However, I must say that I would only recommend this title on sale. I did not purchase any DLC and only completed the base game so I cannot judge the DLC."
,Recommended,257510,21958401,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,"Stormageddon, dark lord of all","Just buy the game!If you need to know more about this game before you buy it, read the other revies below.There better written."
,Recommended,257510,21868447,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,elRobbo,Amazing and addictive.
76561198168035779,Recommended,257510,21868652,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,carlacng,"Very Intelligente, challenging, logical and tricky. Awsome!"
,Recommended,257510,30732331,Posted: 25 March,all,folkenfinel,"The puzzles move at a casual pace, which I enjoy. There are times that a bit more ambiance would be nice but overall very pretty and calm experience. The story is spectacular."
,Recommended,257510,21861321,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,aneurysm,"Everybody is right. This game is awesome.The puzzles are above average but not always perfect and not always fun. Controls and graphics are fine. The story is really, really great, as is the way the story is presented to the player."
,Recommended,257510,21861659,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Electric Avenue,This game made me realize that I suck at soliving puzzles.But it doesnt matter because this game also made me realize the pointlessness of existence...10 / 10
76561198130680291,Recommended,257510,21861804,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,IO_Sentinel,"A thoroughly enjoyable game with puzzles that were just shy of being too challenging. The world in which it is set has a simple layout and yet contains rich graphical detail. The story throughout was intriguing from beginning to end, keeping motivation at an even level. Starting out quite randomly with short excerpts, the plot fills out and creates necessary depth whilst leaving room for the player's imagination fill in some gaps.The interaction with a somewhat itinerate and argumantative computer personality was for the most part fun. The player responses were somewhat restrictive at times and it felt that the creators were attempting to flesh out the story more. Potentially though, players may find the philosophical responses contradictory to there own beliefs. Still, it does add a novel dimension and quite possibly a good deall of food for thought for the younger player.The soundtrack is really quite beautiful and complements the graphical elements nicely, and let's not forget some of the entertaining easter eggs ;-)Overall, a well thought out, challenging and entertaining game."
76561198012937573,Recommended,257510,21874221,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,American Meat,"Excellent game, awesome puzzles, and a lot of mystery! It's great and I highly recomend it!"
76561198088649534,Recommended,257510,21871939,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,pebaz,"This is the first review I have ever written.  I never write reviews, but this game is too good to keep to myself.This is one of the best games I have ever played....Wow."
,Recommended,257510,21936494,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Dexter Morgan,10/10 steam cant live without this game list
76561198069127061,Recommended,257510,16547806,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,TalosMistake,YOU CANNOT GO FORWARD IN AN ABSENCE OF SPACE.
76561197982907278,Recommended,257510,16545620,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Xorxe,"I had my doubts, but no, its superb game with excelent puzzles and interesting story. Im satisfied :-)"
76561198144946152,Recommended,257510,16854383,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Hutch,Fantastic gameChallenging GameplayAddictiveMore challeneging and more tools to use than PortalBeautiful WorldMultiple Endings
76561198045470706,Recommended,257510,16855509,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,The Good Doctor,"If I were to describe this game in one word: Refreshing.This game has an absolutely beautiful atmosphere, and an outstanding soundtrack that fits it perfectly. I have never felt so rewarded for solving puzzles in any game like this. I truly appreciated that the game doesn't hold your hand through any parts; it tells you how to play the game and leaves the rest to you, without leaving you feeling lost. Reading the short texts from the terminals gives some back story, and the interaction with the AI gives a nice pause from the monotony of solving puzzle after puzzle.I also appreciated that they reward the curious, those who wander around, or read in between the lines of what's going on. I would reccomend that you do NOT use a guide, unless absolutely necessary. The tools to solve everything are there, beyond each individual puzzle. I used a guide a few times then afterwards thought, ""Wow I should have figured that out.""If I were to compare it to any other game, it would be Portal. But it's not Portal, and it is in no way trying to be Portal. I only say that in the sense that it is primarily a puzzle solving game, giving you objects to toy around with to reach the end.10/10oh, and beware the Tower."
76561197999414138,Recommended,257510,16855803,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Moodge,Great puzzle game. Brings me back to that Portal feeling but many more factors to make it interesting.
,Recommended,257510,16859815,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Angel,If you have any love of puzzle games at ALL you NEED this game. Some of the best writing and world building in recent memory with a skeleton crew of a cast.
76561198030079998,Recommended,257510,16861777,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Naythan,Absolutely fantastic game. Definitely a bit different to what i typically play but definitely captivating. Recommend!
,Recommended,257510,16862275,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Wagnarok,The Talos Principle = Portal - Goofiness + Philosophy.
76561198087178897,Recommended,257510,16307361,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,six-foot-turkey,"The Talos Principle is a fantastic puzzle game.  If you are coming to this strictly for the puzzles, then you certainly wont be disapointed.  As all good puzzle games should, the early game is quite basic and easy, offering little challenge as it introduces the different mechanics.  But as you progress to the later stages, the complexity builds and so does the satisfaction received from each riddle solved.  That said, approximately 10% of the puzzles felt broken in a weird way that made me feel like I either solved it in a way they didn't intend, or had to employ a maneuver that I wasn't aware I was capalbe of.  However, when assessing the game as a whole, the puzzle design is quite superb.  Beyond the main game puzzles where each solution grants you a piece of a key to unlock the next area, there are these meta-puzzles in the hub world.  These particular puzzles are an order of magnitude more difficult than your critical path puzzles.  I only solved a handful of these and they proved non-essential to completing the game.  I'm sure there is some additional mythology explained when you complete these, but that vague offer was not enough to make me muscle through them.I came to this game after seeing some gameplay footage and watching a couple of the beginning puzzles solved.  I had little interest in the lore, but it proved to make provide a unique and interesting setting.  You play as the creation of Elohim, a Yahweh-esque god who provides bits of narration along the path through the game.  There are also audio logs and termials that allude to a deeper history than the ""you are my child, this is the creation I made for you, when you are done come be with me in heaven"" narrative that Elohim is telling you.  I didn't spend much time digging through terminals and reading text logs because I have never found that story telling technique effective at enriching the narrative.Overall,  The Talos Princible is a rock-solid puzzle game with plenty of head scratchers that make you feel incredibly smart when you reach the solution."
,Recommended,257510,16395685,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,CryShana,An awesome game that is going to blow your mind. It's going to make you question everything.The story is simply amazing and the landscapes are breathtaking.The only thing I'm still waiting for is Oculus Rift support and MORE LEVELS.The game also contains a lot of easter eggs which I just love.Definitely worth the money.
,Recommended,257510,16361298,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SeriousBug,"This game has very interesting puzzles, an incredible story and atmosphere, great music and astonishing visuals. All of this is accompanied with a deep philosophy about life and existance."
,Recommended,257510,16403512,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TrickyDicky,This game is excellent and has to be one of my favirote games of the year! I'll go with the other reviewers and state that this  game is he creation of Animus and Aparture technologies. This is their love child.Pro'sExcellent Story- How it combines History with Modern and Philosphy. Learn about yourself while you play this game.Graphics- Are outstanding . You gotta have a mid range machine to play this game at max settings.Playability- You could play this game many times again.Music. The music is awsome. I bought the soundtrack so I could listen to it.ConsThey need to make a Talos Principle 2!
76561198127986005,Recommended,257510,16404176,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,genezkainz,Two thumbs up!!
,Recommended,257510,16404335,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,mjsir911,A puzzle game like portal but with the emotional and philosophical elements 10/10
76561197990938712,Recommended,257510,16916572,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,acidrain,10/10
76561197973368900,Recommended,257510,16916667,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,TheonlyMac,"One of the most beautiful, thought-provoking and masterful games i ever played in my life."
,Recommended,257510,16512741,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jetpack,10
,Recommended,257510,16513057,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ibaudia,It's profoundly good.Why?Can't tell you. That would spoil the fun.
,Recommended,257510,16513821,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Resdizeix,"Elohim: I have given you this world to be yours, on the condition that you never ascend the Tower, for thou shalt surely die.Me: Where is the Tower and how do I climb it?10/10 would make a deal with Satan again"
,Recommended,257510,16515032,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,hobblinharry,"Easily one of the best games I have played. If you like games like Portal, Q.U.B.E., Quantum Conundrum, or others in the first person puzzle solving genre, this game will be right up your alley.The later levels can be some thinkers but its not too difficult over all. It also has a pretty good story, and a lot of backstory that you piece together that isn't directly told to you, which makes it more fun as you try to figure out for yourself what is going on.I bought the game on sale but if you like the aforementioned games, its worth it at full price."
,Recommended,257510,16515460,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Snow Storm,"A Beautiful adventure that makes you question your humanity, awareness and very existance.10/10 Would philosophy again!"
76561197976936012,Recommended,257510,16515738,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,radlith,A very interesting first person puzzle game wrapped in philosophy
,Recommended,257510,16517239,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,EnviousStarling,This game is both chalanging and enlightening. Really makes you think about things.
,Recommended,257510,16517730,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Cap'n Morgan,10/10 Would have philisophical discussions with computer Satan again.
76561198037315768,Recommended,257510,16603399,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,MOEOEOEOEOLBAEAEAEAEIUIUIOIUIOIC,"great puzzle game.story is a bit weird at times ...its like portal, but without the portals.for some parts you have to literally think outside the box ;-)9/10 would erase memory and play againPS.: i made into the hall of fame. EAT IT."
76561198109473322,Recommended,257510,16604118,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BlueSparc,"Absolutley fantastic game, puzzles are simple, yet can be very complex and fun, and a great atmosphere and sense of discovery as you explore the world, and a great sense of accomplishment as you finish puzzles and unlock new things. I play it with my girlfriend and we have a blast togethor on it over a few pints, perfect casual puzzler with depth and story to boot.10/10 in my books and i think the best thing i picked up this summer sale"
76561198006678287,Recommended,257510,16605350,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,[TC] FOCKE-WULF,Puzzles are a nice change of pace compared to the likes of Portal. Very artistic approach of conveying philisophical theory. Great way to spend time if you're looking to scratch that introspective itch.
,Recommended,257510,16605706,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,psyCZo,"Amazing game, great environment, good looking, very interesting. Strongly recommend!"
76561198180783295,Recommended,257510,16606518,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,2D_SVD,Just awesome. You have to try. Missing the chance to play it is just the biggest mistake you can make. Just try and you'll see.
,Recommended,257510,16608160,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,T5 | VladeK <3,"This is early in the morning, and I'm writing this review right after I've completed the game. Meaning, I""m tired af, so my English may be sloppy.This game makes Portal feel way too easy and casual. Tackling ontological and metaphysical theme for an already difficult puzzle game adds a lot more to the challenge. You will probably find yourself pondering life as you question both your in-game and in-life decisions, and the texts and chats with the MLA do not help. I have a strong feeling, without the philosophical theme, the puzzles themselves would become drastically easier.And yes, interestingly enough, the puzzles were moderate in difficulty, but I'm not too sure where the difficulty comes from. The mechanics were very original, but it was sometimes disappointing to see the key in each puzzle be quite repetitive; meaning that you will encounter puzzles with similar solutions, and the hardest puzzles will be encountered in the beginning. Puzzles that come later in the game will mostly be time consuming. (of course there are exceptions) But yes, they are hard, so be prepared to go ""WTF?""Aesthetics is fantastic, the world design is beautiful.This is a game with ingenious game-design, awesome graphics, and great storyline."
76561198151164451,Recommended,257510,16608470,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dangalf,"So far, it's a spellbinding game. I've never played anything quite like it before... maybe Myst III or Riven, but this game offers many questions about our existence as human beings, as the player progresses. Not only that, but it also expresses the debatable purpose of AI little by little, and manages to hook the player almost instantaneously. What makes this game truly enjoyable is the puzzles. Granted, they are simple at first, but they do get noticeably more challenging and thought-provoking over time. I haven't completed this game yet, but it has impressed me greatly thus far..."
,Recommended,257510,16611678,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,LordOfYoloBacons,An excellent and challenging puzzler.
76561198078162757,Recommended,257510,16612912,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,King Stephen,"The Talos Principle demo caught me off guard, and after completing it, I decided I wanted to see an entire game of those mechanics. Unfortunately, the mechanics of the demo are essentially all the mechanics in the game. This leads into the negatives, which I'll state right away. The Talos Principle doesn't expand much on its mechanics in ways it could have, and if you are completing every puzzle in sequence like I was, by the 3rd area the mechanics feel stretched a bit too thin. Many puzzles feel similar to one another. Additionally, those hoping for a more upfront, easy to understand story may be disappointed.All of these elements aside, I really enjoyed the Talos Principle, and using hint guides for some of the stars, managed to (mostly) 100% it. First off, the story of Talos is very intriguing and fun to unravel as you listen to the main human character recount the events that led to your creation and the current state of Earth.  If you enjoy being thrown philosophical and existential questions, the game has those in abundance. The payoff at the end feels very rewarding, and multiple endings allow you to witness the different paths possible for your character, although in my opinion one ending is clearly the best and most rewarding.As far as puzzles go, if you enjoy other first-person puzzle games, you should feel right at home here (think Portal, Antichamber, etc.) Each level is nice aesthetically and has neat easter eggs and hidden treats for those willing to look. The atmosphere is very grand, ominous, and deserted. Talos really made me feel the weight of the human race, as I ran through the monuments and ruins of ancient civilizations.Overall, Talos doesn't surprise you with how novel its mechanics are, although of them all, the Recorder is definitely the most interesting. However, it delivers with solid brain-teaser puzzles, and finding each secret star is a true challenge. The game nails presentation and structure. Despite these strengths, it stumbles by being a bit predictable, both in plot and puzzle sequence, and honestly, the game would have benefitted from being shorter.Any fan of puzzle games should give this game a try; absolutely download the demo at the very least."
,Recommended,257510,16503556,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Chillbro Swaggins,"This game is a game that makes you stare out of a window for a while, and think about life, universe and everything if you read every single message in the game. It has a beautiful atmosphere and a lot to discover. You have a lot of challanges, and to do a certain task, you first have to do another task to unlock something for the first one. There are also all kinds of tasks, it's not like the same objectives and stuff you can interact with, but always something new. I've heard people say that it's like the Portal series, but it's not at all. This is a completely different game. I will highly recommend this game for everyone who likes challanges, and a different and spectacular puzzle game."
,Recommended,257510,16630962,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tankenka,"Two of my university degrees focused on writing and the literary process. In particular, there were several classes on e-Lit, or - Electronic Literature. I have personally recommended this game to the primary instructor of those classes as it settles beautifully into that genre and clearly identifies with that style. Note that my time played using the Steam loader does not even remotely reflect the time played through independent load.Using an FPS engine that is strikingly fluid, The Talos Principle exemplifies a game that allows a person to wade through a world as a genuine part of the story. Simultaneously, the player engages the world not just through a moving story-line, but through solving puzzles, and alternatively, through interacting with dialogue and prose within the game itself. The game uses QR codes that are mapped into the world itself (and yes, they work if you have a QR code reader installed on your cell, and are bored). In addition, there are 'library' terminals in each area that have additional story components. There are very few bugs, and those that there are - are few and far between. The QA team was clearly paid appropriately, the programmers definitely listened to their testers, and from the top down... hats off to a first-rate product.The music is a big part of the world, and I can honestly say that purchasing everything available for this game is beyond worth the cost. I am not one to rave about games quite so much, but it has been a very long number of years since I've found a game that tells a story as adeptly as this game does.If you are looking for a game that draws you in and allows you to interact with it both directly and indirectly while challenging your ability to solve puzzles - which get progressively more difficult - then this is for you. You can choose first person (which I strongly recommend for the full experience) or third-person (such as you get from most modern MMORPGs). Explore, and I mean really look into every corner of the world. You won't be disappointed.A word of caution though ~ if you get nauseous playing FPS games, this will be no different. If you want a game that holds your hand and tells you what to do at every turn... go back to World of WarCraft. If you want a game that essentially is an easy play that can be finished in short order ~ this is definitely not for you. But, if you want something that is brilliant, thoughtful, thought-provoking, detail oriented, challenging, a little intimidating, and time-consuming... get The Talos Principle."
76561198060455119,Recommended,257510,16632856,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,V. McBoogerballs,"Fantastic game. Worth to buy. Nice variation of puzzles ranging from easy to almost impossible, which stimulated me to get going. Also interesting storyline with a lot of philosophical questions"
,Recommended,257510,16709010,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Kraken Lord,"I would recommend this game, as it is very investing and a great start to the game- however, it is only of the start that I have played. It does not run well on my Macbook Pro that I am using on my vacation instead of my beefy desktop- and it was the intent to play it probably solely on this laptop. As such, the game's graphics do not run well at all on my system (though it says I lack an intel graphics card, this laptop does indeed come with one), suffering under 10-20 fps when lots of shadows come into play- notably in the second area of the game and very easily seen in the stresstest. I will probably come back to this later, but as of now, this game cannot run properly."
,Recommended,257510,16709306,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Chafouin,"Loved the story, Loved the puzzle."
,Recommended,257510,16710167,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Teknoman117,"I've just started to play The Talos Principle, and I can already tell that this is going to be an awesome game.  Can't say anything that already hasn't been said in previous reviews.  Just wanted to leave my thumbs up!"
,Recommended,257510,16583377,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Space Butler,"A truly excellent game.  Very reminiscent of Portal, but with philosophy (primarily about personhood and the nature of cognition and consciousness) in place of the humor."
,Recommended,257510,16584115,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,lil_LeLuen v2,"Amazing puzzle game, it reminds me of Portal a lot.The puzzles start out quite easy but there seems to be a LOT of them and they do get harder.It's an awesome game and I would recommend anyone who's into puzzle games to give it a shot!"
,Recommended,257510,16584620,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Shitpost McDadjoke,I failed the Turing test
76561198067750559,Recommended,257510,16585189,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,N3V3RWH3R3,"Very immersive.  Somewhat philisophical in a basic sense.  Good atmosphere and music; I left it up on my pc and let it fill the house for the morning.  The puzzles are fun - clearly I should reference other major puzzlers, but I feel this one stands up on its own.  I'd recommend it."
76561197971787986,Recommended,257510,16586050,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,pro-zak,"When I played this last month, I couldn't wait to get home from work and start up another level. Found it hard to stop, get some dinner, and go to bed. That probably describes most hard-core gamers' daily life-style, but I only get this way every 2 or 3 years.It's Portal, Q-Beh, MagRunner, Magnetic, QUBE, and The Ball all wrapped into a wonderful story-line. (Somebody please comment on this if I've left any out!) Puzzles within puzzles, affecting other levels ... this game just keeps rolling. It's played in either 1st or 3rd person perspective, and I'm pretty sure you could do the entire game either way.I could ramble on, but if you're reading reviews, you need to get to others' for details. I just want to throw down the comparison/similar game list here."
,Recommended,257510,16737009,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,PYlaurent,"I bought this game during the summer sales for about 12 €. It took me a bit less than 11 hours to complete it.Take portal, replace th sense of humour by a philosophical approach and you'll get The talos principle.Just like portal, you'll enter various rooms in which there are puzzels to solve.Some are easy and some will make you rage quit.All and all, it took me 11 hours to complete the main quest.Note that there are multiple endings giving ""some"" replayability (note that all the puzzel will be the same and only the outcome might change.The graphism are good, the music is good but that's not really why you would want to buy the game. If you love the puzzels and spend time thinking outside of the box, this game is for you."
,Recommended,257510,16738278,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Thermospore,This is my hands down all time top of the list favorite game.
,Recommended,257510,16740094,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Pooper butt,so flipping good it made me take a break from csgo10/10 would derank againmust buy
,Recommended,257510,16649222,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Alchemical Agent,It's like a love-child of Portal and Myst.
,Recommended,257510,16654694,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bzurke,"If you like puzzle games like Myst, give this a try. Very fun."
,Recommended,257510,16536452,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,my nama jeff,Collect tetris cubes whilst debating what it means to be human. 10/10
,Recommended,257510,16774191,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Venetia,"This was phenomenal. The attention to detail, the puzzle difficulty, the cleverness, the writing. The settings and scenery were all great, too -- the graphics feel a bit dated, but they kind of feel like they *should*, if that makes any sense?I generally solve these sorts of environmental puzzles rather quickly, but I'll admit, I was utterly stumped more than a couple times (and then realized the solution was in front of me the whole time, but I just hadn't noticed something).The star puzzles, though -- I mean, in the star levels -- some of those are INSANE. I still haven't mucked through most of them.Anyway, if you liked Portal, and would enjoy a game that has very similar mechanics/dynamics, but a MUCH more serious/dark tone (outside of the prolific and often hard-to-find easter eggs), then seriously pick this up. It made me feel feelings -- really deep ones -- with little more than scattered audio clips, lonely settings, and some odd blurbs of text.Definitely didn't help wean me off my tendency towards personifying inanimate objects, though. Whew ... Not at all."
76561198018905265,Recommended,257510,16775584,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,matlas,Awesome game. The puzzles are clever and immediately remeniscent of Portal 2. They aren't too easy but also aren't overwhelmingly difficult. The game's story is more thought provoking than I ever thought it could be. Highly recommend  10/10
,Recommended,257510,16775917,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Succulent,"Like Portal, but instead of messing with your perception of space, it messes with your perception of yourself."
,Recommended,257510,16777660,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,3dge,"This is a great puzzle game and there's enough levels and secrets to keep you playing for days, even weeks.I also personally love the philosophical story-line that runs alongside the main game. It really makes you think about artificial intelligence and your own humanity. What does it mean to be human? Are we really different from machines? etc?However, there is the benefit that the philosophy and story-line can mostly be ignored and so if you just want to work your way through the puzzles regardless then you can.In my opinion this is not just a puzzle game, it's a great puzzle game worth buying in it's own right. The plot and philosophy are a great added bonus if you're into that sort of thing and I am. :D"
,Recommended,257510,16782527,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,caseyc (VEGAN),"I like cats, robots and puzzles.Seem good, if u like portal and a thinking game then give it a go."
,Recommended,257510,16785423,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,reckonerX,"What a game. The meta puzzles are some of the most complex puzzles I've ever encountered in a video game, but they're unbelivably rewarding when you figure it out. The story will actually cause you to challenge your views of humanity, consciousness, personhood, authority, religion, society... it's a very ambitious game, and it pulls it off."
,Recommended,257510,16762186,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Loz,"Played about 10 hours at this point, and I like it.  Pretty cool game, has good puzzles that remain challenging as you progress through the game.  Getting stars and the red pieces are great challenges and you feel accomplished getting them.  Definitely worth buying.  Story is kinda cool, but plays somewhat of a (seemingly) backseat role, letting the puzzles stay in the fore front of your mind."
,Recommended,257510,16764979,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Scar107,Always down for a good mind binder!!! Portal fans would be proud to add this to their collection.
76561197993273188,Recommended,257510,16767866,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Panzereck,"Played through this game over the course of a week.Probably one of the best puzzle games I've played other than Portal.  Can't really say anything about the story without spoilers, but it is a very interesting idea.The puzzles are pretty straightforward except for a few mind-benders.Definitely add this to your library."
76561198092449429,Recommended,257510,16769147,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,dotNETDev,"The perfect combination of historical allusions/content which further the depth of the story, challanging mind games, and philosophy.  It combines to create a game that leaves me thinking whenever I have to exit out of it.  Every document on the computers and every QR code connects so perfectly together in story and thematic ideas; I'm sure my high school Literature teacher would be impressed.The gameplay is flawless, with the exception of the ""final puzzle"" which has no checkpoints, leading to be a frustrating time.  In many of the puzzles, there is more than just one way to do everything.The easter-eggs and outside references are cleverly hidden, finding them increases the enjoyment even more.  It makes every player feel special.The sound track is GREAT!  It provides the perfect background music to reading the archive files outloud, and sooths when frustrated at being blown up by that mine right as you were going to beat the level.I found myself spending more time thinking about how I should answer Milton in order not to contradict myself and receive criticism than I would on the puzzles themselves.  The combonation of Milton, the puzzles, and the documents in the Archive crafted a story in a way I have yet to have seen in another games.  Multiple times I would do some cursory research on the topics of the documents in the Archive, learning how much each historical reference/allusion related to the increasingly dark story of the IAN staff.This game blows all other games out of the water when it comes to story telling.  It might not be fast paced, but the entertainment value of the story and the philophic ideas it instills is tremendous.  When I finished, I was sad it was over, but I believe the developers timed the game perfectly resulting in the puzzle areas to be long enough to be satisfying, but not too long to be daunting.CONCLUSION:If there are a few things you should know coming into playing this game, that is: read all of the files on all of the computers you can find (there are more than just the ones in each world hub), and play it all in order to get the best experience (i.e. do the 'star' levels from A to C after completing all of the other puzzles on the main worlds).Play this game in complete silence if you can; the feeling of being alone when playing this game really adds to the experience.  Do not be afraid to split up this game into shorter play times either.  One of the beauties of this game, is how continuous it can feel even if you only play in half-hour blocks."
,Recommended,257510,16769720,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Razorback PT,The good ending is amazing. I can't remember another game having such a satisfying conclusion.
,Recommended,257510,15458225,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,JGJones,"Tough puzzle game, but thought provoking at the same time. Recommended."
76561198015088050,Recommended,257510,15680767,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,thedrew999,"Overall:This is at truly exceptional first person puzzler.  Amazing graphics, regardless of your PC config, coupled with very smart level design, and a very philosophically driven story combine to create a masterpiece.You will like this game if you also like:Portal (1 & 2)MystBraidYear WalkThe Room (1 & 2)Sword & SworceryPros:Beautiful environmentsGreat level designTons of graphical settings (if you're into that sort of thing)Lots of Easter eggsInteresting StoryCons:Not a lot of action.  If you like shooting things, this might not be for you.Might be a tad too long.  I found myself ready for the end about the last third of the game.Some puzzles can be really frustrating.Puzzles feel repetative after a while.Might give you motion sickness.  If this happens, you might be able to find a guide via Google w/ some settings to make it better."
,Recommended,257510,15680899,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,MASK de Smith,"Talos Principle is to Serious Sam as Portal is to Half Life 2. Great, tight little puzzles. Perhaps a bit overlong--some of the early puzzles get a little samey. But the latter puzzles are satisfyingly tricky, and there are some cool meta-level puzzles too.Way more content than either of the Portals."
,Recommended,257510,15682134,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Errowth,One of the best games ive played for awhile
,Recommended,257510,15767360,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,sisyphu5,"Admittedly this game is not for everyone, but I honestly rank it in my top three. Take Portal 2, multiply the puzzle difficulty a few times, replace the zany humor with profound philosophical, historical, and theological themes, then add gorgeous scenery to taste. Triple digit IQ required, but you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,257510,15767907,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,RaGe,"It's hard to explain how awesome this game is without actually playing it. The puzzle are good, and the gameplay, controls, graphics etc are all good as well. In  my opinion where the game really shines is in the story, and how the story is told. As I got deeper into the game I found myself wanting to solve puzzles so I could find out more bits and pieces of the story. After finishing the game you're really left thinking.There are a bunch of easter eggs you can find along the way as well. I put about 28 hours into the game which included finding all of the stars and finding both endings. I highly recommend this game for those who like puzzle games, but also enjoy a deep story that really makes you think."
,Recommended,257510,15776495,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Serikon,"This game was an absolute joy to play.  The graphics are gorgeous and as long as you don't mind reading to piece the story together, the plot is good.  I put a lot of hours into hunting out the many easter eggs too.  I'd say if anything, I wish there were multiplayer, or if they make a sequel that they include multiplayer support."
76561198031784136,Recommended,257510,15780771,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,aosha,Incredible experience. I was quite impressed with the philosophy discussion and concepts within the game. I have a BA in Philosophy so it's not too often I'm impressed with the philosophical content in media. Well done!
,Recommended,257510,16786647,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,ckreon,"This title transcends being ""just a game"" and moves into the territory of lasting, thought-provoking art.I don't really know how to put into words how much I enjoyed playing through this.It's one of those games that, when finished, you go online and read everything you can find about it, other people's opinions, interpretations, etc.Very, very good."
,Recommended,257510,16787783,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Adnelk,"Great puzzles that are just hard enough to be challenging but not frustrating combined with an awesome story that dares to elevate WAY beyone most games (Bioshock, the last of us, etc being the rare exceptions), makes this a don't miss title.  If you like games like portal and stories that make you think and ponder, grab this one.  Well worth the price for admission.  Outstanding game."
,Recommended,257510,16804656,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Rock-Hard Rio,"This game forges a new path in puzzle games by focusing on you (usually) deactivating things instead of activating them. If you're looking for a story, bring your reading glasses. 9/10 big macs"
,Recommended,257510,16804930,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,GasPumper,It just pulls you in and you want to keep going
,Recommended,257510,16571625,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,nightfire36,"If you want a game that is boring, pointless, and altogether empty and devoid of story and meaning, prepare to be disappointed.This game is incredible. A riveting story that keeps you hungry to determine what is really going on, and who you should side with. I wish I could give 8 thumbs up for this game. Phenomenal."
76561198025317596,Recommended,257510,16572016,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sheikro,Good fun
76561198011895512,Recommended,257510,16572918,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Civil,"A beautiful, thought provoking tale. You won't regret it.The puzzles can be intriguing, but there are many that are very simplistic. I came for the puzzles, but I stayed for the story long after the puzzles had become a bit repetitive"
76561198055662610,Recommended,257510,16573537,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Astra Starr,"This puzzle game was amazing and unexpected. I did not expect it to be so... educational and... It had a moral, or a message. The game helps you to think deeply and rationally. Great for philosphy lovers and deep thinkers. HOURS (I think I clocked 40-60) of game play. Its on sale right now for a steal. 5 out of 5"
76561198026485396,Recommended,257510,16741526,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,giant enemy crab god,"The most spectacularly intelligent work of science fiction I've consumed in recent memory. Drenched in philosophy, the Talos Principle explores the questions that no genre can answer quite like science fiction: What is consciousness? What does it mean to be human? What is morality?The gameplay itself is mostly spacial awareness puzzles, the majority of which are fairly trivial, but a handful of which take a bit of thought. Where the game really shines, though, is in the phenomenal writing, intense immersion, and beautifully crafted story revealed piecemeal with enough holes to keep the player constantly thinking."
,Recommended,257510,16743045,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,bureaquete,"Fantastic story, great artwork, fun gameplay...Definitely want a billion expension packs to learn more about this world!Also, as a messenger of the Lord,Elohim forbid, what tower? No let's go to World C!"
76561198193357158,Recommended,257510,16744635,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,dagnit,Best game i'v played in ages.
,Recommended,257510,16745408,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,rhm,"I'm not into puzzle games as a rule, but I love it when they have a great story and atmosphere to them. The Talos Principle compares well to Portal in this respect (it's considerably longer than Portal and doesn't have annoying gimmick characters like Portal 2). I waited for this to be in a sale before buying, but having played it now, I kindof wish I'd bought it at full price when it first was released - it's totally worth it."
,Recommended,257510,16746126,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Woody,"The Talos principle tickles the same part of the brain as Portal 1 and 2 did.It relies more on story-by-text than those games, but the many computerexcerpt manage to draw you further in to the backstory.It's also loaded with easter eggstip: have a website likewww.unit-conversion.infoon a second screen."
76561198059337811,Recommended,257510,16746482,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Genie Beanie Babie,"This game made my question my very existance.No, it's not a portal copy. They are similar in that they are both puzzle games, but different in that they have very different stories and ways of solving those puzzles.9/10 would reccomend."
76561197963410202,Recommended,257510,16746674,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Juvois,I didn't bother about the story (you can almost completly skip the terminals and texts!). The puzzles do hold their own and included a few moments where you felt clever realising the solution.
,Recommended,257510,16746746,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Leeons,"I haven't played ""puzzle-games"" since the Myst-series, but this I had to try. It turned out to be one of my better choices. I like it a lot, but I miss Myst though."
76561198054378009,Recommended,257510,16747150,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,hyp3rc,"I waited for this game to be on sale for $10 because I was uncertain about it. Having just finished it, I can tell you that it would have been worth the full asking price. It's one of my favorite games to come out in a while. It's a first person puzzle game sort of like portal or antichamber. If you like those games you'll really like this. The story is also suprisingly good and thought provoking. I paid around $10 for it and it took 21 hours to finish (completed all the levels but didn't get all the stars)."
76561198025012844,Recommended,257510,16748513,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,InNate,"Not since Portal and Portal 2 have I been so sucked in to a puzzle game. The story and discovery really kept me plugging away at this game, even when some of the puzzles seemed unsolvable. Go for the tower! Best ending."
,Recommended,257510,16755663,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dick Dick Goose,A console program debunked my theory on consciousness and gave me an existential crisis. I also found a bucket of paint and claimed frogs are people too. Also there are really good noggin-scratcher puzzles but that's not important right
,Recommended,257510,16755755,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Eudy,"Fun game.  Beautiful graphics.  Pretty awesome music and if you're a philosophy buff, then this will be right up your alley.  The puzzles start out easy and increase in complexity as you navigate through various rooms.  Definitely enjoyable =)"
,Recommended,257510,16837476,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,John.Flick,"Excellent game. If you loved Portal you will not be disappointed. If you dont like overcoming challenges and adversity, and would rather play a mindless on-rails shooter like Call of Duty, you most certainly will be.I had some minor gripes with the puzzle design. I wish they would of focused more on the quality of them instead of quantity. There were more than a couple where I felt like I had possibly solved the puzzle by breaking it. Sometimes you end up feeling frustrated just because some of the design seems so haphazard it doesn't feel quite right when you finally do figure it out. Sure, being able to say you have 'over 120 puzzles' sounds great as a marketing gimmick, but it starts to wear a bit thin towards the end.The story is fantastic. If you like heady existential stuff, you'll be overjoyed here by the cleverness of the writing. The clues left around the world tell you just enough, leaving the rest up to your imagination, as any really good story ought to. The strength of the writing ends up doing a really bang up job of keeping you hooked, wanting to figure out where this mystery is headed. Unfortunately, the shear number of puzzles ends up coming back to hurt the game in this regard as well.I give it a solid 9/10. Don't miss this one if you're the curious, puzzle-solving type. If you go in with the right head about it, you might just come out the other side with a bit more conviction and purpose in your life."
76561198088082553,Recommended,257510,16838144,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,8e6,"This game had amazing style and feel. The puzzles were great and challenging. Though some of it was repetetive using the same tricks and sequences from previous puzzles. Loved the whole existential theme and philosophical perspective. Although, some of the philosophy discussed with the AI in the game only gave you certain choices and oftentimes, I wouldn't have chosen either response, but it's fair to say they did an amazing job developing this game. Loved the easter egss and how this game pays homage to all the big puzzle games that came before. If you enjoyed portal, antichamber, magrunner, etc. You'll love the Talos Principle."
76561197998375840,Recommended,257510,16839550,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Invisible,"AMAZING. Filled with interesting reads, gorgeous landscapes to explore, and arduous puzzles for hours and hours of fun. Really makes you think about what life is. One of the best games I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,257510,16843040,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Impracticalmagic,"A wonderful game, especially for those who loved Portal and Portal 2.  The game sets itself apart from Portal, though - for one thing, the atmosphere is more peaceful and more reflective.  For those who haven't yet played Portal, the game features logic /spatial puzzles - lots and lots of problem-solving and being willing to try things until the solution clicks.  There is a neat story, but this game isn't for you if you don't get a kick out of solving puzzles!The world is beautiful, the puzzles are extremely well laid out (and give you that ""A-HA!"" feeling when you solve the harder ones), the backstory is engaging.  Entertaining and thought-provoking - I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,257510,16843224,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,tweetabix,"This game is pretty good. The graphics and story and all that are a bit lacklustre. basically looks like an Unreal Devkit demo. But the puzzles are intuitive for the most part- although I found it rather annoying that the game NEVER tells you about certain mechanics, such as the fact you can place boxes on top of the mine sphere things.My biggest gripe with this game is that it's not well optimized, for my computer at least. A lot of the time it runs silky smooth, where I can bhop around and finish puzzles like a ♥♥♥♥ing madman. But a lot of the time it runs like a powerpoint running on a ps1 that's just had a hamster die in it."
76561198108780001,Recommended,257510,16846281,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,<|SNW|> Quantumechanic42,"This is not Portal. The puzzles are on another level of hard, the story is one of thought provoking philosophy, and the mechanics are so much more than they seem. Buy this game."
76561198002123832,Recommended,257510,16847984,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,bacon,"Quest for the Holy Fridge MagnetsTetris: the Puzzle PlatformerIN 3D!!The Talos Principle is what Portal should have been, if Portal was more than 15 minutes long. The puzzles are creative and fresh, the atmosphere is amazing, and the entire world is filled with things to do. If you like solving puzzles, the difficulty is just right and the mechanics are solid. If you like exploring and discovering, there's something in almost every level and it will take you a while to find most of the secrets. If you like vague stories where nothing is really explained, please don't ever design games, but this one manages to pull it off. Also it has tons of easter eggs and you'll probably stumble across one or two just by accident for a laugh.Pros:- Amazing level design- Immersive atmopshere- Perfect controls and UICons:- ""Glitch"" effect gets old after about the first thousand times- Your brain will explode trying to find some of the secrets"
,Recommended,257510,20304708,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Ghostavo,It's basically Portal but with an actual exposition in the form of text logs and audio monologues (but mostly the former) as the game goes on.
,Recommended,257510,20302182,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Jojopeterjohn,"This game cannot be described with words. Youmustplay this game for yourself!I just can't write a review that does this masterpiece justice.If you enjoy math, puzzles, great storys, narration, Portal, mystery, beauty, having your existance questioned, deep thought, or basically anything cool. This is a must.Really, just buy it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,257510,20158837,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Lightning,"Great first person puzzler with a deep story and awesome narrative. If you liked the puzzle aspect of Portal but found its setting to be too childish, then this is the game for you."
76561197995586333,Recommended,257510,20160942,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Germ Killer,"Had my doubts, but this is a good game."
,Recommended,257510,20165823,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ad Infinitum,"If you like puzzle games and thought provoking games, this is a must have"
76561198174505161,Recommended,257510,20159341,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Homebrew,The puzzles are A bit repetitive but if you like puzzles its a good game.Brilliant graphics. The GOD voice sends shivers down the spine.The american female voice is quite sexy.
,Recommended,257510,20159598,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Leo,"Such a nice game. One of my favorites in recent years. Calm gameplay, yet very challenging. Only downside is that I cant play it. After 30 minutes or so, I get so nauseous that I have to stop. And the nausea sticks with me for hours and hours, pretty much making me crawl into bed. Have tried all the tricks suggested here and elsewhere. Nothing works. Too bad I cant finish it and climb the tower!"
,Recommended,257510,20241565,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ϟϟ Morbid Desire,The one game in the past few years that I can say with confidence that it is worth it.
,Recommended,257510,20242731,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Thoran,This game is worth the full price. Croteam has outdone itself with this masterpiece. Never before has a game given you this much of an existential crisis!
,Recommended,257510,20233637,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ShotgunLaFonque,"If you enjoy having your personal awareness, the nature of human conciousness and your perception of reality questioned then you may wish to become a philospher.In the mean time play the Talos Principle and experience the joys of having your sense of identity refuted by a computer terminal. And you get to solve some puzzles.10/10 Would lie down in a darkened room to ponder upon subjective reality again."
76561197989654750,Recommended,257510,20237151,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Revelations,"What can be said that hasn't already been said. It's a fusion of a lot of great games, fans of Portal/TR should love this.Great puzzle game, unique in design. The puzzles can get repetitive, however this only occurs near the end. Lots of hidden stuff to find and collect. Good looking levels and zones.  A computer terminal that knows more about life that you could have imagined.... Tremendous."
76561198080395456,Recommended,257510,20238229,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,xibbling,"Fantastic game, highly recommend to those who generally enjoy puzzle games (along the lines of portal), the mechanics are awesome, but the storyline is what makes it really special!"
,Recommended,257510,20238311,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tess,"The philosophy and thought put into this game is really appealing. I absolutely adore the graphics. The concept behind the game is also very intriguing. I think, anyone that likes a good set of puzzles and a good storyline should play this game."
,Recommended,257510,20236076,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Arji,Nice puzzler with no combat interaction. Just a couple of Mines and stationnary Fireguns you need to avoid. Nice graphics and beautiful music.
76561198028809833,Recommended,257510,20235602,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,N3MET,An adept and satisfying puzzle game with a narrative that requires a bit of player investment to yield its biggest rewards.
76561198068739037,Recommended,257510,20237722,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,JT,"Good game, would recommend"
76561197971611505,Recommended,257510,20209664,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ZiMi,"If the insanely hard puzzles are not enough, arguing with a computer terminal about what defines ""a person"" will make you question your whole life.Oh, and then there's Road to Gehenna."
76561198124970269,Recommended,257510,20211026,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,em2ad,Nice game for real
,Recommended,257510,20207601,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sir Digby Chicken Caeser,"Buy this game. Now. Yes, you. Buy it.There are some books that change your life. There are some movies. There are even video games. This is one of those games."
,Recommended,257510,20224207,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Gargall amb Mocs,It's like a 30+ hours long Portal.
,Recommended,257510,20199559,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Rolepgeek,"Puzzles aren't ridiculous; once you get a handle on the mechanics, they're usually fairly intuitive, even though some stuff is just about perseverance and looking in every niche and corner.Oh, and the storyline's pretty good. I mean, you know, if you like philosophy. And yes, I really, really like philosophy. This game is amazing."
76561198080605323,Recommended,257510,20194705,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,pcatodon,"Great game, much better than expected. The scenery is great, puzzles excellent. Few times I started to rage and swear since I had died 20 times in a row and I thought that the puzzle requires a perfect timing instead of using the brain. But then, it always turned out that there is a smart way to solve the problem. All in all, many hours of entertainment, I would have bought it earlier and at the full price if I knew how good this game actually is."
76561198023867075,Recommended,257510,20214594,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,orkun,Masterfully executed first person puzzle with philosophically engaging storyline. The Talos Principle stands out as a solid and a unique game.
76561197982316713,Recommended,257510,20059797,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Admiral Banana,"FInally a great game, with a coherent story, with great map developers that add things to maps I have made in other games. Such as easter eggs, ad secerts adn secrets, but teh secrets add more depth to the game. Which is even more creative, since teh game is about truth. Great game.A little bit a glitchyness, but overall not bad. The jumping is robotic... but I guess one is robotic. The puzzles are not all linear, lets just say, sometimes you can solve them using backdoors, or some weird lucky jumping. Other than that, it was a real great game."
76561198079451271,Recommended,257510,20136845,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mattrek973,"This game is quite phenomenal.  It's beautiful and beautifully challenging.  It will give you many hours worth of wonderfully designed puzzles that you really need to think about.  It also makes you think a lot about what life really is and what real value is.  If you're prone to thinking deeply about life being meaningless, this game will have you looking at all the pointless people going about their pointless business pointlessly. Plus, all the secrets and Easter eggs are really cool."
76561198263471473,Recommended,257510,20131581,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,roman.kurbanov,if you spend some free time on your computer then play this game. it is awesome and will train your brain.the best
76561198045163829,Recommended,257510,20093070,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hippo Fetus,"For the short amount of time that I had played it thus far (67 minutes), this game had me gripped like a vice. The story is incredible, and I found that I am already emotionally invested in the game."
76561198171864374,Recommended,257510,20132946,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,klaas-jankranenburg,- Wondering if I do exist- Collecting Tetris blocks- Playing tetris- Where the f** am I?- Wondering what year it is- Frogs are human too- Query. Query12/10 would press X again
,Recommended,257510,20141644,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Achriel,"As a puzzle games it's great, challenging and varied.  What really MAKES the game though is the slowly evolving story you get sucked into while enjoying the puzzles.  You may not even notice you start to care and like/dislike the hints at other personalities.  If you like puzzles you'll like this game, you'll love it for reasons only playing it will explain.Worth price, on sale or not."
,Recommended,257510,20144346,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,EPeenBro2,Puzzles and Robots as far as the eye can see. 10/10
76561198041939226,Recommended,257510,20141184,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Master Oogway,"Excellent game, if you loved Portal, you will love this too!"
,Recommended,257510,20185441,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Pristelias,"Отличная игра, когда нечем заняться"
76561198202129106,Recommended,257510,20185663,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Numborias,"This is a fantastic game, amazing soundtrack, intriguing story, and worth while DLC"
,Recommended,257510,20186305,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,mcp928,"I have no doubt that The Talos Principal is, if not the, most accomplished game I have ever played. This admittedly simple game is technically amazing, from the environmental art to the puzzle mechanics. That being said, what is on screen is a distraction from The Talos Principal itself. It does not matter that your are in the ruins of a roman garden, getting hints from ""God"" nor is it important that your ancestor (you being a sentient robot) is trapped in hard network.The allegory of you, a lone thinking being is lost in a world of building puzzles, with only a vague voice of encouragement, and warning to guide you as you discover each small challenge only prepares you for what is next. Add to this that the essence of all humanity echoes through the terminals in a broken way, filled with missing conclusions, and place it all in a dreamscape.What The Talos Principal is, is a literal walk through existential reality. Unfortunately, that is where my problems with the game start. For starters, every question the game has posed, I have already answered for myself years ago. I accept that the world is chaos, and that by being the only thinking creature (at least to this level) we are going to question reality. I accept that I may not exist, or that my existence is only a blip, that there is nothing before or after. I also accept that life in this from may be a long elaborate test, that the human species is a prototype, and that the ""soul"" is being ""beta tested"" before transcending into an ethereal cloud. I accept that that does not matter, we are here, and the only thing we can prove is what we accept.Additionally, the game seems to hold that the rise and fall of the Roman Empire is a allegory for existence. It is not, in the course of human events there is a grand cycle:Dissatisfaction with the status quo breeds resentment.Resentment breeds revolution.Revolution breeds new structures, and new challenges based on the victors ideals.The human condition compels us to solve these challenges.When the challenges are done, we are dissatisfied.The Roman Empire was an example, not an allegory. The game does a good job of starting us in that cycle, and having not finished the game (only 90 minutes as of this review) the tower represents the ultimate reward. Once we have attained that, there is no longer a point. We have won, there is nothing left to conquer, we are bored.The fact that this game exists thrills me, and I hope other people struggling to understand the great why of life can find it here. Only because I have already realized what I accept as the meaning of life, I give the Talos Principal a 4 out of 5. I will update as I play through, and I may award the fifth point if it brings a question I cannot answer."
,Recommended,257510,20341990,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,you got diciplined bro,"It's a good, cool, cerebral, philosophical puzzle solving game with a twist. Kinda reminds me of myst. Really impressing me so far. This is one you won't want to miss."
76561198068252318,Recommended,257510,20341361,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,LightCrayons,"Play this game with others around.  It's good to have their input in solving your puzzles.  Also, it helps you cope with the incredible lonliness you will feel 3 hours into the game"
76561197970299709,Recommended,257510,20341464,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,mobileSG,"Reminiscent of the Portal series, you solve puzzles of increasing complexity in three “gardens.”   Meanwhile the game questions your purpose of playing the game as you collect items for some unknown reason.  The narrator cautions you not to venture into a certain area that in my opinion is extremely tempting to enter.  You occasionally find clues as to why this place exists but you never truly know the real reason the majority of the time that you play it.  You will also interact with other characters who you will mostly like will never meet.There is an interesting game dynamic introduced later in the game where sometimes you wished you add one more of something and this odd ability allows you to temporarily create it."
,Recommended,257510,20348407,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,R3volve,"Wow....10/10Must play for everyone that liked portal.This game was better than I ever could have imagined.I wish I could forget everything, and play it fresh all over again."
76561198057082245,Recommended,257510,20342539,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Rizzla the Rare Muerte,If you liked Portal you are going to like this one too. Not as good as Portal but close.Very addicting too.
,Recommended,257510,20407812,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Methall,Best puzzle game in FPS style. Excellent atmosphere. Beautiful music.
,Recommended,257510,20269227,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ff,Great game! Movement speed is almost as fast as Warframe...so be aware that other games will seem pedestrian after playing this game!
76561198047830906,Recommended,257510,20269421,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,intunerikuss,Amazing!
,Recommended,257510,20251329,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Yarin,"Much harder than Portal 2. The philosophical aspect is amazing, but the gameplay just isnt as satisfying as in Portal games. I dont particularly enjoy being stuck for an hour on a riddle, while the voice over condescendingly assures me it's okay if I dont solve it and come back to it later. Overall it's very similar to Portal games. It's not as funny (it doesn't try to be), but the story is much deeper and it just grabs your attention and forces you to push on to discover everything you can, but like I said... it's way harder and not as intuitive as the Portals (I'm mainly speaking about the light crystals, other mechanics actually are intuitive). So if you're a rager like me, dont play this game for too long at one sitting. 8/10"
76561197970376873,Recommended,257510,20266876,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,lhotus,A great game! One could compare it with Portal but with a more serious feeling (still some fun elements). Do you like puzzles? Do you like a beautiful scenery and a well-made story? Then this is a game for you!
76561198118776832,Recommended,257510,20266994,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Flubbericious,"I didn't expect from a game to make me stand up from the PC, go back to bed and wonder about my purpose in life.11/10 would question existence again."
,Recommended,257510,20272784,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,bruce u,truman show with robots10/10
,Recommended,257510,20272062,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,HalfBurntToast,"This is an incredibly interesting and visually beautiful puzzle game. The story elements and themes are very fascinating, even if they aren't presented in a highly engaging way. If you're a fan of history or classic literature (wink wink), you'll probably appreciate the unique/modern take on these themes. I went into this game knowing absolutely nothing about it other than that it was a puzzle game, and I think that's the best way to play it. There are a ton of Easter eggs in almost every map that encourage you to explore the amazing scenery, even outside of the puzzles themselves.There are a few things that stop the game from being great. For one, the game feels a bit padded out when it doesn't really need to be. By shaving off a few hours or introducing a final game mechanic, I think the game would feel less far tedious towards the end. It wasn't tedious enough for me to stop playing, but it was getting close to the edge of becoming annoying. Sometimes it was hard to tell what game mechanics would work and what wouldn't (especially when they introduce the last few mechanics) and requires a bit of trial and error. Finally, a lot of the puzzles just weren't very hard and, frequently, just comes down to busy work or trial and error. But, there were definitely a few that stumped me for a while.Otherwise, this game is very good. Highly recommend if you're into puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,20273011,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Grenmark,Amazing philisophical puzzle game with strong Portal-like elements and a brilliant difficulty curve from straight-forward to absurdly complex hidden meta-puzzles. Worth it and then some. Buy it. Play it.
,Recommended,257510,20274648,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,NickJVaccaro,"This game is everything I never knew I wanted.  A beautiful atmosphere, a compelling story, and puzzles so difficult that I had to stop playing completely and come back to them a few days later.  It does an excellent job of introducing new game mechanics, and helps you learn everything that's possible while still challenging you.  If you get fed up with solving puzzles, there is plenty of scenery to explore with tons of easter eggs to reward you for doing so.10/10, Talos Principle has easily become one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,257510,20248992,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DISASTERRR,"At first I was very confused when I was playing the game. I wasn't sure why I had to do all those puzzles and I didn't really care for what Elohim was telling me. After I finished the game and understood the lore,  my mind was blown away and realised what an amazing game this is."
,Recommended,257510,20336575,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Syl,"I tried to cross the beams, it fried my PC.Give it a try if you enjoy the Portal series."
,Recommended,257510,20315081,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Jade ツ,"Excellent game. If you enjoyed Portal, then there's definately something here for you."
,Recommended,257510,13620564,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,e dragon,the best way to think about this game is a mix of portal and myst with added openworld exploration and a religous spin.the game also has a wonderful sound track.
,Recommended,257510,13623208,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Cerebral,Great game... very polished... an outstanding engine with beautiful gfx.  Puzzles are difficult but not impossible with a main line story that keeps you interested.  Best game I have purchased since Portal/Portal 2.
76561197985158955,Recommended,257510,13624540,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,S1,"Collect all the Sigils, disregardHisorders, and let yourself be tempted by the Snake, butdo nottake the lift to the 6th and last floor of the forbidden Tower, for there you shall find only Death!This is a puzzle game, much likePortal, where you will be using boxes to keep buttons pressed, manipulate lasers and fans, and even duplicate yourself in order to finish the game.Gameplay is kept very simple: You can run, jump, and interact with objects.The real fun lies in solving the puzzles, which often require thinking outside the box.Unlike Portal, there are very few opportunities to die in this game and they are easily avoidable by paying attention - there are no crazy turrets that will snipe you from across the room.The story is very philosophical and requires some involvement on the player's part. If you ignore the various computers spread across the world and instead focus on solving only the puzzles, you'll have a hard time understanding what's going on, or what happened when you reach the true ending.Also, some of the questions asked in the game are very interesting, such as: ""Are machines conscious beings, or do they only pretend to be?"", ""If they aren't conscious, what makes you think humans are?"" and similar.Graphically speaking, this game is absolutely stunning, especially in 4k. The textures are very sharp (assuming your GPU is powerful enough to handle it) and it provides the player with a vast variety of graphical options to choose from.The only downside is that the game looks so good, that the lack of tesselation on walls becomes slightly distracting (if you're not busy solving the puzzles, that is).If you're looking for an action game, this isn't it.If instead you are looking for an intellectually challenging and stimulating game, this is a must-buy."
,Recommended,257510,13625887,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bungalus,"This game has an awesome story that inspires a lot of deep thinking and contemplation. The voice-acting is great, and the atmosphere of the game is great. The puzzles can be a little inconsistent in terms of difficulty, but there are some very rewarding ones in this game. Overall amazing game."
76561198015010948,Recommended,257510,13626540,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Zeke McKillip,"Wow... That's all I can say. This game makes you think, and it will challenge you. It isn't really for everyone, it is a puzzle game after all, so be prepared to think, sometimes sitting for 5+ minutes just to figure out all the layers of a puzzle. That said, if that's your cup of tea then this a must have. If I had to make a complaint it would be that certain things you do in the game seem like they would change the ending, and yet, they don't seem to. Also the Trancendence ending could be longer and offer a bit more explanation/follow up."
76561198029911617,Recommended,257510,13613080,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,4Ply,Amazing game.
76561197979273351,Recommended,257510,13613943,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,LycanDID,"While none of the gameplay mechanics are as revolutionary as, say, portals, Talos Principle creates a lot of excellent puzzles using boxes on buttons, aggressive obstacles, and a lot of spatial reasoning with a dash of Braid-esque time manipulation, all in a very pretty environment.More than a few puzzles stumped me to the point of going off to do other things and then coming back, and I spent more than a little time trying to unlock doors with tetrominoes and getting frustrated with ""SO CLOSE!"" sentiments, but the world of the game is rewarding and the various world-building details certainly add a lot of intrigue and mystery while pushing you to try and find one more clue, one more hint into what happened to get you where you are.Obviosuly, game-play time is going to vary a lot depending on how inclined you are to power through puzzles, though the game provided easily 20 hours of play-time for me, and I still lhaven't collected all the stars or rewards from puzzles.If you're in the market for a thought provoking puzzler, this is a 10/10."
,Recommended,257510,13615808,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,0b1100110,"So, you play as a robot who is solving puzzles to collect tetris pieces.  You then use those pieces to open new levels.While you are doing this, you are also having your views of what it means to be human questioned in a biblical allegory type fashion.It's beautiful.  I cannont recommend this game enough.  Like Portal?  You'll love this.9/10"
76561197973997469,Recommended,257510,13618336,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[USA] Vic Rattlehead,TL;DR:Fantastic puzzle game with great story.Lots of very cool easter eggs.Rock solid on Linux.
,Recommended,257510,13588817,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,crikeyitsreal,"My initial reservations about The Talos Principle were rapidly swept away. [hah! a Portal wannabe!]. Superlative puzzle design that is decently challenging with plenty of ""red herring"" to keep you on your toes. The music is atmospheric and really adds to the sense of personal transportation as you engage with philosophical debate, reasoning and conjecture at various points throughout. There are many hidden levels to navigate, and you could take a somewhat non-linear approach to exploration of the worlds and puzzles that must be solved in order to find ""sigils"", a tetromino used in mini puzzles that allow player progression. Its rewarding to take the time to absorb the story and smaller side puzzles that are scattered about. The ongoing discussion with the unknown and difficult entity via the computer terminal may actually leave you puzzling for a minute about the consistancy of your own logic and reasoning - an easy trap to fall into with certain scripted systems :-) [some people even are still stymied by Eliza...] This is one of the best games I have played in recent years. You get to question reality, your own moral standpoint, and solve some briefly challenging, (but sometimes brilliantly simple) puzzles while you're at it."
76561198001605268,Recommended,257510,13605293,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,OminousWabbit,"The Talos Principle is a masterpiece.  The last time I enjoyed a game this much was Witcher 2 in 2011.  This is the best game I've played in 3 freaking years.I loved Portal 1.  Portal 2 was good.  Talos Principle is BETTER than both Portal's combined.  The puzzles are the best puzzles I've ever seen anywhere, or anyplace.  They are really challenging without being frustrating.  Green puzzles teach a basic concept and are pretty easy.  Yellow puzzles advance the concept.  Red puzzles combine several concepts and usually require you to figure out an additional idea to complete them.  Red's can be really challenging, and it feels really satisfying when you figure them out.The music is fantastic.The environments are beautiful.The voice acting is superb.The philosophical backdrop is fascinating.Talos principle does everything extremely well.  It's innovative.  People will compare it to Portal, but it completely advances and innovates the genre, and is a masterpiece in its own right.I give it 10/10; one of the best games I've ever played."
76561198002550940,Recommended,257510,13605704,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Juno who?,"Ok I know I gave this a ""yes"" but truthfully its more like a ""meh"" followed by noncommittal grunts of indecision.The puzzles were fun, the overarching story was interesting and the environments were beautiful. Though I do have to say that doing ""European countryside"" for two of the three worlds seemed much. Eastern cultures like Tibet or India would've been a good addition, and they have plenty of interesting philosphies and mythologies to work with. But that's not what really bothered me about the game.What bothered me were the two characters ELOHIM and the MLA. I thought ELOHIM was going to end up as an antagonist but he never really does anything throughout the game to inhibit your character. The worst he does is throw empty threats at you and then resort to really pitiful pleading by the end. At best I just felt bad for him, at worst it was straight up apathy.And then there's the MLA. Interacting with that thing is like talking to a teenage boy that just discovered nihilism and won't stop trying to talk to you about it. By the time I hit the middle of the game I was just pressing random answers to get it to shut up. And the worst part is by the end of the game, it makes you choose between these two idiots. I decided that my poor little android is just going to sit in the hidden room in C1 and wait for the entire system to corrupt and crash. Therefore erasing all remnants of human achievement and hopefully sparing any passing aliens from finding out what complete pretentious morons we all were. It's the least I could do."
,Recommended,257510,13611046,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Priapus,"If you loved the Portal series, you will also love The Talos Principle. One of the best games to come out this year."
,Recommended,257510,13672055,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,roogeri,Play it!
76561197970369540,Recommended,257510,13674229,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Der MarkO,"Awesome game! Kept me busy for three days straight. Many of the puzzles are pretty challenging, the grafics are nice, the music is beautiful and the overall atmosphere is awesome!Easily the best game made by Croteam so far."
76561198043257566,Recommended,257510,13641752,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mindset,"By far one of the deepest games that I've ever played.  In this game, you will find wonders and mysteries throughout the entire landscape as you proceed to find your goal in the story.  At a cost of a massive landscape, however, you will discover that you are alone throughout the game, and the only ones like you are long gone.  The only reason that you know that they existed is by finding the messages they have left behind.Eventually, you'll ask youself these questions:Where am I?Is anyone out there?What is the purpose of this world?Can someone help me?10/10, hope there's a sequel!"
,Recommended,257510,13580467,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,secret_online,"I have very few words forThe Talos Principle.First of all, it's a puzzle game. It's not an ordainary puzzle game, it's something completely different. Yes, you can draw parallels toPortal, but it's not anything like it. The puzzles range from very easy to incredibly challenging, requiring forethought and planning.Secondly, style. The visuals are great. The story, should you pay attention to it, is thought provoking. Whne your mind isn't on the puzzles, it'll be on the philisophical dilemma this game poses.A couple of small things that made me happy.1. You move quickly. Quite often in games you are forced to go reasonably slowly. Not here.2. The water ripples very nicely when you walk through it. Such a small detail made the game a lot more immersive.If you like puzzles,Portalor philisophical questions, then condier buying this game. If you like two of those things, definitely buy it. If you like all 3, you probably have it already."
76561198020042213,Recommended,257510,13662260,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,UB3RSN1P3R,sleeper hit of the year.. did you like portal? then you will love this..
76561198085601524,Recommended,257510,13662812,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,djosh,"One of the best titles I've ever played, and not half way yet. Losing a lot of sleep can't tear myself away lol.Very thought provoking, great puzzles, great atmosphere, great gameplay. I run triple screens and when I firstentrerd the game I didn't have to set a thing it was set to the settings I normally run. :) Highly recommendedmust have title... Well done developers."
,Recommended,257510,13935672,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Nicodemus,"I loved this game.  Yes, it's like portal, but only in spirit.  It is definitely its own game with its own style.  The story was great, and the puzzles were very good throughout.  I especially loved getting all of the stars.  I would often go into a  new area, solve the 3-5 puzzles in short order, then get to the meat of the level, collecting the star or stars.  A couple small hints for those wanting to get all the way to the top of the tower: Heed Uriel's QR codes... he is your guide to the top.  Also, if you come across blank QR codes, the game is not broken.  Figure out a different, more pedestrian way to decode them.  See you at the top."
,Recommended,257510,13984070,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Cakeslam,"This game is, in a word, beautiful, both visually and conceptually. While a simple premise on the surface (solve puzzles, move onto the next area, repeat), you soon realise that there is much more to this game than meets the eye. To say any more would be telling, so go into it blind for the best experience.Is £30 a bit steep? Maybe. But for a game this new and this good, it's hard not to recommend it. If you have the spare cash, buy it. If not, wait until it's on sale because it's so worth it."
,Recommended,257510,13984334,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Deadhand,"First and foremost, I will be cliche here and follow the crowd by saying that this game is inspired by other puzzle games, such as Portal/Portal 2.  However, if you're looking for the next Portal, this is NOT it.  The game is filled with puzzles from start to finish along with a looming voice that seems to control, or at least influence your every move.  The game has a somewhat elaborate story that seems quite shallow at first, and continues to seem shallow unless you actually take the time to read the terminals (the computers you find throught the game) and you find the audio logs scattered around each world.  You will quickly find that there is more to the story than ""get laser to reach the activator; congratulations, you win"".  With three endings to accomplish and easter eggs out the wazoo, you can go far beyond what the story tells you to do.The gameplay is simple to understand, only having a few controls to have to worry about.  Though don't be fooled by the relatively simple design, the puzzles themselves do become quite the challenge in later stages.  Along wih collecting the sigils (Tetris pieces that you collect during the game to unlock new parts of the world), there are also stars to collect, which are challenges in and of themselves to accomplish.  There are other mechanics in the game that make things interesting.  It is possible to ""goof"" and make the puzzle unsolvable, so you are graced with the ability to reset the puzzle at wil.  Sometimes, the puzzles aren't what they seem, so definitely watch out for that.Visually, the game is fantastic.  Every world is pretty in their own ways.  The fact that every now and again, you see textures sort of ""wig out"" and you hear a buzzing sound just adds to the world being the way that it is.Overall, 10/10 WILL play again."
,Recommended,257510,13990819,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Sturdy Shedinja,"The Talos Principle may be one of the single greatest games I have ever played. I cannot recommend it enough. It cost me 40 dollars, but I would have definitely spent 60 for such a wonderful game.Gameplay:Outstanding. The puzzles are extremely fun, and the later ones are challenging enough to push your puzzle solving skills to the limit, but not so ridiculous as to needlessly frustrate you. At first I wasn't impressed. It just felt like Portal, but with Jammers and Lasers. But as I unlocked more puzzles and the tools needed to solve them, I started to change my mind. The puzzles are very well thought out, and you have to really think outside the box for the difficult ones.Graphics:It's nothing that's going to push your hardware to the limits, but it's a breathtakingly beautiful game. There's not too much to say here. It's simply a good looking game.Plot [SPOILERS!]:From the moment I started the game, I knew I wanted to find out what was really going on. Elohim seemed off to me, and the glitches everywhere that make it obvious you are in a virtual reality made me adamant about findind answers. As you advance through the game, you receive more and more clues about what really happened. There were many points in the game that I was overwhelmed when hearing about what happened, that it made me cry. Literal, actual tears. Before I go on, I know there are multiple ways to ""complete"" the game, but I consider the Ascension Ending to be the true ending. At first, I didn't really like the ending. It didn't satisfy me. But then I thought about it, and that's because it was (seriously SPOILERS) it wasn't really a happy ending. And I realized that wasn't fair of me to not like the ending just because it's sort of sad. The point was for it to be sad. And the more I thought about it, the more I started to get emotional, and I started to cry more. The Talos Principle is a game whose plot moved me to tears on multiple occassions. Granted, I'm a little sensitive, but that should tell you the plot is definitely of good quality.I STRONGLY recommend this game, especially to those who love puzzle games. The gameplay alone is worth it. I'd say the even the plot alone is worth it.If I had to give the game a score, it would be something like:Gameplay: 9.5Graphics: 9Plot: 9Overall: 9"
76561197997253028,Recommended,257510,13970036,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,mota,Obtaining some stars is rather annoying
76561197968510870,Recommended,257510,13971243,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Azrael_Eternum,"If you liked the Portal series, Myst series, or any other first-person adventure/puzzle games and have even a remote interest in Philosophy, you owe it to yourself to try out The Talos Principle. It crafts a very interesting, deep narrative with a small cast of characters and does a great job exploring the questions that arise from the development of AI and the examination of self and what it means to exist. The puzzles are well developed and logical, never requiring absurd leaps of logic and always working within an easy to grasp set of mechanics. My only complaint is that the Recording mechanic in some of the later levels can make a few puzzles much more obtuse than necessary, but I feel like this comes more from my own difficulty with that mechanic than anything. There are some wonderful Steam Guides up for the game already that can help with some of the more difficult challenges, especially locating all the Stars. I would recommend trying to solve each puzzle on your own first, but the guides are definitely useful if you are stuck or find a particular mechanic too challenging.TL;DR - Like Portal? Like Philosophy? Get this game!"
,Recommended,257510,13973361,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Simms,We are programmed just to doAnything you want us toWe are the robots.
,Recommended,257510,13973791,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,thetankburger,Feels like dark souls of puzzles...
,Recommended,257510,13974973,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Chrono,"One of the front-runners in the ""Games as art"" debate, offering many philosophic quandries as a side to first person puzzle action."
76561198027440420,Recommended,257510,13974463,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,etotheipi,"This game is everything I wished Portal was.  The graphics and flavor are phenomenal, it has a unique and stimulating ""storyline"" (whatever it is you would call it), and many of the puzzles are utterly clever.  I can't count the number times have I literally laughed out loud (by myself) when I finally discovered the solution because it was so clever.   In fact, this game has a couple of the most interesting puzzle mechanics I've ever seen.   I rarely leave reviews for things but I'm leaving a review for this because I think this game is truly a masterpiece.  I don't know if I'd change a thing about it!I should mention that I'm really good at these games.  In fact, I even impressed myself with the speed at which I solved some of the harder puzzles (sometimes disappointing since the act of failing is part of the fun!).  Yet, it still took me an extremely enjoyable 30 hours to beat the 100+ puzzles, which puts it at about $1.33/hour for entertainment.  That's a no-brainer in terms of entertainment value.  (EDIT:  I haven't yet collected all the star sigils and solved the extra puzzles... that'll probably get me well below $1/hr :))One important note:  The puzzles start out pretty easy.  I played for a few hours feeling *mildly* under-stimulated, but the flavor of the game and the ""storyline"" both kept me plenty entertained until I unlocked some of the more interesting puzzles (and puzzle mechanics).   This wasn't ideal for me, but it's probably perfect progression for ""standard"" players to learn the mechanics and interactions before getting fancy.    If you find yourself under-stimulated at first, stick with it.  I promise you there's plenty of good stuff to come!10/10 - Buy it!"
,Recommended,257510,13964495,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Maven Dissector,"An excellent game. Much like other good puzzle games suchs as Portal, it doesn't fail to innovate in its mechanics. What will really captivate you, however, is the story. You will spend much of your journey pondering not the puzzles presented before you in order to progress, but instead yourself and all that the characters you meet along the way have to say. Expect intense examination of the logical underpinnings of morality, society, different theological stances, and most importantly, what it means to be a person."
,Recommended,257510,13964730,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Jesterpanda,"Remember that sense of wonder and amazement you felt the very first time you played Portal? Take that feeling and expand upon it like you've never imagined before. Talos Principle is a stellar puzzle game, but an even better philosophical adventure that makes you question almost everything you ever believed you knew about what it means to be a person.The story follows the general theme of the garden of eden as you work your way through puzzles for the sake of your creator, trying to uphold (or not) your one covenant with Him, all while having your inner most held beliefs picked apart by a mysterious and dangerously intelligent being. I would love to say more, but anything else would be spoilers. What I can say is the way it is presented, and the finer details of the backstory in the game terrified and saddened me in a more genuine and primal way than I had ever felt before from a game.The game has multiple endings and more secrets than I could ever hope to find and the puzzles range from easy to mind breakingly hard, but interestingly never once have they felt impossible. Sure, you might want to step away from one puzzle you're stuck on to work on another, but once you've come back, the answer almost always seems to materialize right as you need it. There is a very smartly done in-game hint system, though you get very limited uses of it, so really hang on to them until you absolutely cannot figure out what to do next. Even then, the hints may seem simplistic in a 'well I already knew that' sort of way, but often if you think on how the hint is worded, often the hint goes deeper than it may suggest on the surface. The other half of the game is the philosophical adventure, often carried out through something akin to a text adventure ""tell tale games"" style dialog tree. This part of the game is brilliant in how deep it forces you to look into yourself...or not. It all really depends on your own choices. I cannot stress this enough: Ive never been more convinced I was talking to a real thinking entity in a game before.All in all, Talos Principle is a smart game that knows its smart, but isnt pretentious about it and respects your own intelligence. I would highly suggest this game to anyone. You'll come out a changed human."
,Recommended,257510,13944587,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,The Booty is Universal,great ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,257510,13946302,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,internet friend,Super good puzzles with a good diffuclty curve. Pretty sure I pulled off some unintended solutions along the way to 100% but that made it even better. Loads of easter eggs to find.
,Recommended,257510,13946575,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Troy McClure,"Clearly inspired by Portal/Portal 2. If you enjoyed those games, then you will absolutely enjoy this. Some deep philosophical ideas are strewn throughout the game, but it's all about the puzzles, which have a nice, gradual learning curve to them. It seems to hold your hand less than Portal ever did, so sometimes it takes a moment to figure out how things in the world interact with each other. The art design is nothing groundbreaking--in fact, it looks like it could've been released a few years ago--but the graphics aren't the star of this game either, and the game runs super smoothly. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,257510,13474078,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Cam,"Seriously hooked, play it goddamnit!"
76561198032116993,Recommended,257510,13949084,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,gadman85,This is a great puzzle game.  The puzzles can be fun and challenging.  It also has a lot of great areas in the game that are fun to just look around matched with a great soundtrack.  I also enjoy all of the snippets you find on the computers in the game.   It is fun to think about what all happened.
76561197979348175,Recommended,257510,13920303,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,SynchrOPsycho,"awesome philosophical puzzle game, with a gripping narrative, a work of art"
76561198041115611,Recommended,257510,13924767,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ecfromm,A great experience.  Get it!
76561197992172185,Recommended,257510,13925389,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,starcat,"I've never taken the time to review a game before, not even the ones that I've spent hundreds of hours playing over and over again. But this game deserves it.I have a weakness for puzzle games.  The puzzles alone would have made me enjoy this game; they felt somewhat like the Portal games.  But there is so much more to this game.The graphics are beautiful.  The music as well.  The puzzles start out fairly easy, but gets more and more complicated, and often, there are more than one way to solve them. You need to gather sigils (or tetris pieces, if you wish), and to get to them, you will have to manipulate beams of light, pressure plates, and other mechanics by placing objects in the right positions, and timing your movements right.But it is the story that really set this game apart.When you start out, you know nothing of what happened, and you'll find out as you gather the clues to be found in various places in these worlds.  But there is more to it, of course.  Some of it is pretty obvious, some of it, less so.It can be played as a mere puzzle game, but it is so much more, in my opinion. If you read the messages you find, listen to the recordings, and _think_ about what is being said and written, the game becomes more than a game.I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,257510,17627198,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,treebeard60,"Puzzling is the right description for this.A massive world to explore and then some.I highly reccomend this,especially if you want to dissapear into a time warp.First time I played I was missing for three and a half hours!  I thought it was only half an hour!! There's a talking frog too.  10/10"
76561197966730737,Recommended,257510,17713950,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,klouder,It's as if Portal 2 and Tetris had a child together and had Myst as it's nanny. This is hand's down one of the best gaming experiences I have had in the last year.
,Recommended,257510,17718266,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Kunt Krush Klan,"I'm trying to describe this game in such a way that it doesn't sound like anything that could resemble a bunch of buzzwords, I don't want to preach about the subjective thoughts this game provoked on me, nor the specific difficulty this whole package has to offer.I'll just call it an immersive experience, because I feel overwhelmed by its implications and execution. Having played the demo some time ago left me craving for more, and just now I bask in its grandiosity, struggling with the challenge, slowly reaching for the end of this great dilemma.There's philosophy and there's puzzles, no doubts about that. You better believe there's a plot, as broken as it may be (as in actually corrupted and scattered), there's a purpose to it as well, the end of it all if you will. Even when I haven't discovered all its secrets, I feel blessed to be able to play this work of art.Recommended if you are looking for a peaceful yet demanding gameplay. I have yet to play Road to Gehenna, but it's totally on my wishlist now."
76561198242569300,Recommended,257510,17718940,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Kbalch,Very well done puzzle game. Multiple solutions to several of the more difficult puzzles and all executed in a way that is fun and makes you think. Definitely worth a play.
76561198031441995,Recommended,257510,17720929,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Bender,"Excellent logic puzzle game, hours of fun.  Cool sotry and choices."
,Recommended,257510,17695667,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Ysegoth,Better than an entire year of Philosophy in the school... And funnier :DMust have; Must play; Must think
,Recommended,257510,17723329,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,rushworld,Simply amazing. At first you think it's a puzzle/maze game akin to Portal. But it has the richness of a storyline like Myst. You gain more knowledge about the world you're in as you progress through the game and you find you're stuck wanting to learn more. Very addicting. I'm pretty stupid and even I could work out most puzzles myself.
,Recommended,257510,17537880,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,noob,"FANTASTIC. A spectacular puzzle game with amazing graphics and good storyline.-When I first got this game, I really had my doubts (many) about it. However, so far, although I've only played it for an undisputably meagre number of hours and hence only the single-player story mode, I can very truly say that this is an amazing game that is worth your time and money!I also feel that the potential of this game will undoubtedly expand and grow to very great heights soon!"
,Recommended,257510,17543716,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,zek,Very good puzzle game with an interesting story.
,Recommended,257510,17544259,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Tourgen,"Excellent puzzles, nice environments, excellent controls and mechanics.  It becomes especially good towards the end as you uncover more details of the story and more interesting puzzles."
76561197982990491,Recommended,257510,17546395,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,hawk,"like the puzzles, like the pace of game, your not pushed, getting sucked in and enjoying every minute, when stuck go have drink of tea and come back, nice change from battlefield mayhem etc."
,Recommended,257510,17547597,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,buriedmealive,Like Portal? Then Talos Principle is for you
,Recommended,257510,17547761,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Brady,1 hour in and i like it. and based on what others are saying this doesnt look like its about to flop. for $15 you would be an idiot not to pick this up. its like portal 3: philosophy of ai 101
76561198030230031,Recommended,257510,17762411,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Kutz,Awesome
76561198001934054,Recommended,257510,16956827,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,K0r0n1s,"This game is suited for anyone who has an incredible amount of patience, patience, the skill to solve logical puzzles and think again and again about the tiniest detail of their solutions.Oh, and patience.Gameplay: 9/10You can sprint as fast as you want, well almost, which helped me A LOT to not lose my patience completely^^.Story: 10/10For real now... If you take the time to read ALL texts provided in the game and let the story of everyone involved sink in: Oh boy...Worth every damn penny of the purchase price :-)"
,Recommended,257510,19802558,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,AdmiralAwesome,"Why is this gme not given as much popularity as it deserve? Yup. it is THAT good. And enuf said. Though for a puzzle game like this one, it's a bit too long. Though this game has that Portal spirit in it. LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,257510,19812353,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Br0chure,"Beautiful, relaxing puzzle game from the guys behind Serious Sam. Running off of the highly optimized Serious Engine 3, the game is a real looker. Kinda similar in the vein of Portal in how you have to think outside the box, but when you struggle with some puzzles and finally figure it out, it's always a SWEET, THERE WE GO! feeling. The soundtrack is fantastic too; very relaxing acoustic bits. If you played Serious Sam, you'll feel right at home with the UI too. Pick this one up."
,Recommended,257510,19793480,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,everyman,Probably game of the year 2015... for me :)
76561198062769774,Recommended,257510,19782380,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,delemus,"Really fun game. Simple, yet complex. It's a bit like portal, but without portals. It has a really cool time travel/copy feature that makes you plan and time your solutions in a different way than portal does. (think copies of yourself rather than timing jumps and launches) The puzzle areas are really neat and are based on ancient and medieval cultures. I mosdef recommend this title."
76561198030131923,Recommended,257510,19978586,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DwarfKhan,Like Portal but more philosophical. Very challenging puzzles.
76561198239188524,Recommended,257510,19979931,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Re_Kaioh,"The story of this game man... I just played and played for curiosity, to know how it would end, and the last minutes were the most intense in my whole videogames' career! Handshaking all over the final credits.Pros:- Wonderful enviroment and design- Very good graphic quality- Enormous puzzles' quantity, from basic ones to mind-blowing monsters- Intense atmosphere of beauty and mistery- Wise storytelling, which developes through tricky conversations with a computer, notes (not necessarily, but still interesting) and the marvellous voice of Elohim <3- Tons and tons of easter eggs, secrets and misteries- Most epic finale ever. If you're curoius enough to not cross Elohim gate and climb the tower!- One of the greatest soundtrack in videogames' historyCons:- Man do those robot jumps look dumb- Maybe... too much puzzles!BUY THIS GAME. YOU WILL NOT REGRET"
,Recommended,257510,19980519,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ceral107,"This is neither the most innovative game considering the game mechanics, nor has it the most beautiful graphics or a varying gameplay. But I assure you that if there's a game I will never forget, it will be this one. Never did a game (or probably anything else) make me question what being alive actually means, and what the values of it are. It made me reconsider a lot of things I thought carelessly about. And as I puzzled the pieces of story and history together it sent me on a feels trip I rarely or never experienced in a game before. Simply overwhelming, and more than a game for mere enjoyment.Aside of that, some of the puzzles are quite tricky and difficult."
,Recommended,257510,16472086,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Frank,The graphics were stunning and there was a meaningful storyline to follow. This game left me intrigued and I could not stop playing. 10/10
,Recommended,257510,19988578,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jahgwar,"a slow paced Portal 2, smart and well-balanced puzzles, get it!"
,Recommended,257510,19987942,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,speeding nuts,good thing
,Recommended,257510,19969920,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The Doc,"Nice puzzles, great sountrack and plenty of time to think about the storyline as is unfolds.Some of the puzzles are a bit tough though."
,Recommended,257510,19968273,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ben Jamin,"I really enjoyed the puzzles in this game! They are well done and feel good when you figure them out. The story is interseting and the voice acting is great. While some of the dialogue/discussions weren't my favorite, overall I found the story engaging. The main star of this game is its puzzles through."
,Recommended,257510,19961282,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,laurencevde,excellent puzzle game
,Recommended,257510,19997648,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,YoungBrett,A very smart and engaging puzzle game with a rich world to learn about and explore.
,Recommended,257510,19984299,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Iseah,"I purchased this game not knowing what to expect.  I was highly suprised by the quality and immersive gameplay.  I sat down and played it for a couple of hours on my first attempt, and I do not feel as if I have made too big of a dent on this game.  Well worth buying at its winter sale price.As far as cons go, some of the block missions seem to be a bit easy.  I may just be warming up, however I don't quite feel that this brings as much challenge as I would like.I still give this game a 4 out of 5."
,Recommended,257510,20001285,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Brohannes Jahms,"I like to describe this as Portal:Science::Talos:Religion. Imagine if ""Wall-E"" were an academy award winning philosophically stimulating movie. Imagine if the Matrix weren't an action flick. Imagine if you learned what living forever actually means.I came for the pretty graphics and soundtrack and stayed for the story and the devious puzzles. There's over 120 discrete puzzles (and a few bonus ones and hidden secrets that make levels overlap - that's the only spoiler/hint I'll give) ranging from ""Oo that's clever"" to ""I will divorce my wife if it will help me figure this out."" Take it at your own pace. Enjoy the sights. Find the secrets. Forget everything you thought you knew about reality. Play to win, if you can figure out what winning is."
76561198096033674,Recommended,257510,20001764,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,slackdoggydog,Probably one the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,257510,20015635,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,the. fuck.,"at first i was like nahh motion sickness? i ain't got that. then i was like, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is amazing. and when i finished my first puzzle, HOLY WOW! and then later in the game, i felt nausea.. DAMN IT! D; GG MOTION SICKNESS"
76561198163090760,Recommended,257510,20015291,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SA_vendetta,"The game gave me a psychological diagnosis, it was legit, and scary.The developers won't get the results of my psychological evaluation right ?.... Right ?10/10 for the writing and puzzles."
76561198044576775,Recommended,257510,20015371,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Enemy Jeef,"I highly recommend this game, yet... I don't? It will make you question your own beliefs, whether or not you are in fact ""real"", whether you are a person or not, life, and existence itself! This game is peaceful, confusing, scary, easy, hard, and everything in between. There is no doubt that is is by far one of the best games I have ever played. So get the game and prepare of a mental rollercoast that will cause you to have to think and question yourself and your own actions."
76561198021530676,Recommended,257510,16849576,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Metis,WoW! Great! More then I expected!
76561198058798345,Recommended,257510,16851022,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Phil,Some really good puzzles to solve in this game!
,Recommended,257510,17212989,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,PanchoVilla154,absolutelly fabulous - reminds me a portal 2
,Recommended,257510,17213236,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Phragcyte,"This is a very well thought-out game that has captured my interest. The ambient music, solid graphics, and entertaining, mysterious aspect keeps me engaged."
,Recommended,257510,17213353,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Vanderbilt,"Great game, with some thought provoking story elements that are really enticing. Reccomended for anyone who likes to be tested metally through puzzles, and enjoys some deep thought once and awhile. Really it was the story elements in this game that were the most fun. It has a dark souls vibe, in that you can ignore the story if you want and just play, but for players that dig enough, theres a lot to be uncovered and pieced together. This, along with the questions posed to you during your playthrough, make this game one of the most thought provoking video games I've ever played. Fantastic adventure. 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,17213432,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Excel,"Like Portal except replacing the comedy with philosophy. It's longer than Portal, and the puzzles get very challenging, especially the hidden stars."
,Recommended,257510,15675410,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ZeroFusion,"Summary:Many compare this game to Portal because they're both FPS puzzle games in which you need to solve different puzzle rooms to advance in the game. However, there are many differences between the two. Where Portal struck with unexpected jokes and lighthearted atmosphere, The Talos Principle keeps asking deep philosophical questions that are driving the story forward. Also, had an idea about what's going on in Portal right from the start. In The Talos Principle, I had no idea about what's going on until I saw the ending. I had many hypotheses, but I wasn't sure until the very end.What I'm trying to say is that you should give this game try even if you didn't like Portal - the final experience isn't quite the same, but still very satisfying.Pros:Beautiful graphicsCleverly designed puzzlesPlethora of real world references, especially to Ancient Greek and Egyptian cultureMany hidden easter eggsCons:Some easy to miss bonus content (like hidden stars) - this should be a game of cunning, not a game  of perceptionA huge amount of text that has direct or indirect relationship to the storyOnly one of the endings seemed to conclude the story in a satisfactory manner (the other two, while interesting, didn't explain much of the story).Unless you can read translate heaxadecimal characters to ASCII without the use of a tool, you are bound to miss some interesting information (not crucial to the story, though)"
76561197993541710,Recommended,257510,15474488,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Jappe,Best puzzle game ever !
76561197971043014,Recommended,257510,15478394,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,s_pederick,"Great game, most puzzles are well constructed with a nice flow.Only real complaint is that for some of the more complex multipart puzzles and time sensitive ones a quick save would be good to avoid having to repeat a whole bunch of stuff when you make a silly error."
,Recommended,257510,15480101,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,A Small Wuf,"So I had heard great things about this game, and I was not dissapointed in it. Not in the slightest. The game has amazing puzzles that challenge the player to think outside the box (especially so with the puzzles for the hidden secrets). The mechanics are easy to pick up after one or two puzzles, however they are introduced at a somewhat slow rate in my opinion. The graphics are wonderful and fit the game very well. I highnly reccomend getting this game."
,Recommended,257510,15480746,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Twilitdawn,"My goodness, I cannot recommend this enough. From the beautiful graphics and views, to the amazingly well written soundtrack, to the amazing difficulty curve on the puzzles that go all the way from ""I saw it instantly"" on most of the main story puzzles to ""Holy crap, I've been here for hours and still have no clue"" on some of the bonus puzzles, this game is easily one of my favorites ever.Even the random documents and audio logs that explain the backstory are amazing. I've spent time just standing in one place, listening to the music, enjoying the landscape, and feeling the goosebumps as I listen to the audio logs.If you like puzzles and/or philosophy, pick this up. It is well-worth the cost."
76561198094102885,Recommended,257510,15742593,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Ailierynn,"When someone posts a lot of praise from gaming sites, it usually triggers a ""something's fishy here"" reaction from me. That's for a good reason... well, most of the time. Not this time, though!First off, the game is gorgeous. Top model level gorgeous (provided that is your cup of tea, some might prefer Rubens' take on beauty, but you do get my point, I hope). I've seen postcards that would be less lifelike than what this game can render at respectable FPS on a reasonably powerful system. In fact, I've tried running it on an ""antique"" with a GF9800, and I could hardly notice anything odd or ""biting my eyes"" (though it did default to lower settings).At the same time, she (the game) is no bimbo. Intelligent, even ruthless - it assumes from the begining that you are here tothink. I like how it sets default rules, and then, once you are comfortable with them, gives a task that can only be solved by breaking them. ""Never assume anything"" is the catchphrase here. Not much hand holding either, some riddles will keep you thinking for days, till you figure it out. But getting another one solved is always rewarding.I've always kept saying that being different for the sake of being different is the fastest way to failure. Now, Talos Principle issmart, difficult, beautiful and different. And a most definite success by any standard."
,Recommended,257510,15746172,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,gicek,"Am I real? What is ""real""? What is I? What?Brilliant game. Learning curve is steep enough to provide some challange, but reasonable enough so a player doesn't get stuck or frustrated. It does not require a lot of dexterity, there is no platforming (game will help you with jumps if you let it)- puzzles are rather static compared to Portal for example.  It teaches You it's mechanics, and then forces you to question Your assumptions about them. It provides you with basic tools for solving the puzzles, and ties mechanics in a knot you have to unwind by reasoning and planing :)Butifully written. Altough story is not driving the game (you are able to ignore most of it, and finish the game without reading a lot), but I searched for every bit i could find, because it was so riveting. Unfortunately I didn't look hard enough, because I missed something- guess I'll have to play it again:)The developers really did a great job of predicting what players would be able to do, and what would they be insane enough to try. End result is a feeling of really polished game, packed to the top with cool content."
,Recommended,257510,15742066,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Treeaza,"I would say that The Talos Principle isn't about puzzles.  It is about existance, humanity, curiosity, and questioning everything.  At times, I find it a little unsettling, mostly from the mystery you are presented with of who and where you are, who Elohim and the Serpent are, etcetera.  You should play it, but be warned.  It will make you question your own existence."
,Recommended,257510,15789626,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,DubblDounn,"If you're having ANY questions about what game you should buy, eventhough it may be the more expensive one of the bunch, buy this Game. It's so worth the price tag, if you like portal you'll love this game, if you like call of duty you'll give up after the intro stage."
,Recommended,257510,15589168,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,01000101,"The Talos Principle is one of the most thought provoking first person puzzle games I've ever played... In fact, it just might be the ONLY one in it's genre. The puzzles are clever and a bit difficult at points, causing you to play a level for like half an hour until you realize that you've been at the level for half an hour. Also, the music... oh my... The music is absolutely fantastic! If you enjoy listening to music, especially if you're open minded about it, you would definitely love the soundtrack in this game. It's really peaceful and really fits the theme of the level you play in. If you find yourself interested in it, you might want to considering purchasing the soundtrack. And wow are there so many secrets... In each world there are stars to collect, however, they are hidden from view at least 85% of the time. You would have to think outside the box to find them. The signs at each level only tell you how many there are in each world. Last, but not least, the graphics... just realistically awesome. They really add to the scenery in the level design, which is really diverse, by the way. The one thing I disliked is that there's quite a bit af reading. In each world there are terminals that contain text and HTML files. While I don't mind reading, it gets a bit tedious having to read quite a bit of long passages. I would probably recommend reading them after you complete the game if you get bored and like to read.Overall, I rate 9.5/10. The best of it's very unique kind!"
76561197995476665,Recommended,257510,15569018,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Aengus,"This is the best FPS puzzle since Portal. Great stories, amazing visuals, challenging puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,15869745,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Carpetbeater,"Its Portal without the humour and the step through transport, you have to run and even when I want to explore the scenery, you dont get far without restart.Should be more sandbox and prevent spoilers by changing the sigils on occasion.Its for my pace players, why should you rush? You paid for it.Well worth at least one run through, top tower is cool."
76561197999592761,Recommended,257510,15840438,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Jenkins,"Talos, portal 1&2... what else ?MUST HAVE !"
,Recommended,257510,15840708,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,TSEliot,Brain burning. Nice fiction. Still trying to collect all stars through every mission but that is not my priority. Enjoy the vision is the most important.
76561198001914758,Recommended,257510,15924328,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Wilgabeast,fun!
76561198008859113,Recommended,257510,15908874,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Em0 Par+y,"It's like portal without portals and without the goo. You unlock special items that let you complete the next puzzle. The graphics are gorgeous. The storyline is very existential. Cool music. Good times, all around."
76561198089608153,Recommended,257510,15909484,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Geomachine1013,One of the best games I have ever played.  Kept me on the edge of my seat with metaphysical speculation and puzzles!  What a great suspenseful storyline coupled with complex problem solving.
,Recommended,257510,15916065,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Matthenol,Thought provoking and intelligent game!
,Recommended,257510,15647419,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,StoneGhost,"One of the best games mankind will most likely ever make.If you enjoy puzzles in 3D, philosophy and language then this is for you."
76561198052027049,Recommended,257510,15648922,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,ross.vickery,"Excellent game, tests your abilities and resourcefulness to the max. Highly recommendedVery addictive, your free time has gone! enter this puzzle game at your own risk.For this game will surely capture you heart & soul."
,Recommended,257510,15617048,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Riyker,Superb. Well done.
,Recommended,257510,15617181,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,[GÐ] Metalcastr,"Fantastic! As a fan of Sci-Fi games and books, this game really presents itself well. You take part in something larger that you don't quite understand, not at first. Then details emerge.The game looks excellent, has a great soundtrack, and is very immersive. The puzzles are well thought out, and challenging. Every time I got stuck it was always because I wasn't looking at the puzzle correctly; they give you everything you need. There's interesting mechanics to make use of which are very pleasing to use. I especially enjoyed that you can explore the levels, and aren't confined to a single puzzle at a time. You have free reign to solve the puzzles at your own pace, and can go to the next one if you like. The story opens up to you and makes you think, so many possibilities, but you get enough details to make a conclusion. I can't get enough of this game, and hope they make a sequel.Frogs are people too."
,Recommended,257510,15690774,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Zach Ary,"After 15 hours of exploring, discovering, and soul searching, only one question remains:Why on earth. Are there call buttons. For the elevators.10/10 would frustratedly try to jump out of elevators again"
,Recommended,257510,15691509,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,George W Kush,this one make bailey thinknot just about gameplaybut big things 2i like this game becauseit hardlike a diamondrock hardlike a peenrock solidalso very longlike a peen
,Recommended,257510,15727821,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,fruit punch liker,"Great atmosphere, challenging puzzles, and beautiful scenery. All around a great game."
76561198022470433,Recommended,257510,15723531,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,extempl,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,257510,15880650,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,The Archpanda,"The puzzles are amazing, but the real puzzle is collecting all of the stars."
,Recommended,257510,15882091,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,dydx,One of the best puzzle games I've ever played. Fantastic narrative as well.It's slower paced than most FPS games (even portal) so it can be comfortably played with a laptop touchpad.
,Recommended,257510,15883293,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Blasteron,amazing game if you like puzzle games for example portal you really must get this
,Recommended,257510,15877803,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,McMeaowface,"Absolute joy, one of the few games I kept coming back to and completing bit by bit. The really difficult puzzles are optional which makes Talos suitable both to casual and hardcore gamers alike. The story line was thought provoking and I found the philosophical banter with the UNIX-like terminal oddly satisfying. Wholeheartedly recommended - if you find it on sale, you don't have to think twice about grabbing it!"
76561198045356802,Recommended,257510,15879270,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ElCodeMonkey,"Fantastic! It holds the suspense of Portal with wondering what is going on, a similar yet unique set of challenges with the puzzles, and it's own style of humor coupled with profound philosophical insights and questions. Very deep, very fun, very awesome."
,Recommended,257510,15879405,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,benjo,"This is one of the best games I've ever played.It's challenging and fun, and sometimes both ;)If you like Portal and Antichamber, you'll love this game.And of the three endings, I liked the second one the most.Give the demo a try and get used to the puzzles in ""Sigils of Elohim"", because you will solve similar ones a lot during ""The Talos Principle"". Have fun :)"
,Recommended,257510,15879558,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,PxlBuzzard,"This game is fantastic. A hugely intelligent plot and puzzles that are just challenging enough, easy 10/10. Give it a look if you haven't played it."
,Recommended,257510,15659055,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,zabelkin,"Unbelievably amazing: intriguing story line, beautiful and atmospheric scenery.Must-play for Portal lovers."
76561198013334627,Recommended,257510,15662585,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,lucid,"This is one of the most enjoyable and most original games I have ever played. It is very challenging if you take the time to find all of the secrets and easter eggs they've put into the game. The graphics are very good and provide a very unique feel to the game. I think if you liked the physical puzzles in the portal series you will like this game very much as well. I'm glad there are so many levels, also love the fact it runs on linux. I have a feeling this will be a very popular game as more people play it"
,Recommended,257510,15663471,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,brhd4me,Cerebral and introspective with great puzzle mechanics
76561198039252858,Recommended,257510,15657175,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Lee Atlas Anderson,"Philosophyand puzzles,whats not to like?Except the headaches of course."
,Recommended,257510,14062123,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Malactus,"The Talos Priciple is a First Person Puzzler. Many compare it to Portal and the likes. However I wouldn't go so far as compare it to Portal: What it shares the fact that it is a First Person Puzzler, It does not have the witty humor as in Portal.  The comparison should end there.Instead, it is a FPS puzzle game wrapped with a shell of philosophical questions. What exactly consitutues of a conciousness? What makes a humans different from animals?  Not exactly for everyone, and some of the philosophy and its parallels to religious mythos such asthe Garden of Eden and Forbidden Fruitmay feel forced.While most of the game is based on you doing puzzles, there is an underlaying interaction with a program, bundled with alot of reading. Its a bit reminicient of the old school command line interactions, except that you have to choose from predetermined answers instead. However you can completely miss all of these, by simply not interacting with the computers litered around the game. By doing this you can also miss out of background story, other than what is mentioned the audio logs.Be prepared to read.The Puzzles are fairly simple to get hang of but start to get fairly devious when nearing the endgame. However after a certain point of the story it seems like the difficulty drops back down... but at that point the game is at its finale.There are ofcourse plenty of extra puzzles you can do which require you to break some rules you think are present in puzzle areas, but these are mostly for extra endings or extra fluff in the game. Gamers who love solving things out will love these small things.I can recommend the game to thinkers, readers and individuals who like puzzle games.And dont be fooled: You can find a cat in this game, and it will effect the ending, so the cover is not lying."
,Recommended,257510,14062554,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,What the helliot?,"It has been a long time since I have played a game that provoked as much thought (both puzzle solving and philosophical) as this one. It was the perfect amount of challenging, had a unique story, and was funny at times despite the fairly somber mood.I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone aching for a good puzzle game and/or is seeking to have their views on reality challenged."
76561198034889051,Recommended,257510,14122608,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,phillipk11,Excellent game.  It makes you think on many levels.
,Recommended,257510,14065072,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Cogbro,"GLaDOS And Abstergo had a baby, and that child was raised in the land of Myst.Excellent puzzler. Must buy!10/10"
,Recommended,257510,14048953,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,simoozzay,Probably one of the best and intense puzzle-adventure games.
,Recommended,257510,13976745,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Tricky511,"Fantastic game, a bit like portal when it comes to the puzzles but without the portals.Start the game thinking it's just a puzzle game and by the end you are questioning absolutely everything.Highly recommend."
76561197991491118,Recommended,257510,13977777,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Granolocks,"This is one of the coolest games I have every played. It was visually gorgeous, I like the puzzle mechanics and world design. The story itself is actually quite remarkable and the main reason I actually finished the game.I do wish that some of the puzzles had been a bit tougher. There were some solidly challenging ones but once I had gotten a basic handle on the level mechanics a lot of them started to feel pretty repetitive. There were still some great satisfying A-HA! moments after unsuccessfully hammering at a puzzle for a while"
76561198042528129,Recommended,257510,13977869,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Omer,"THIS EFFING GAMEJust bought it and immediatly went on to play it for 8 straight hours. No game has ever made me feel this way since the Portal series. I NOW SEE COLORS AS OTHER COLORS SINCE I WAS SO GLUED TO THE SCREEN.And since Hebrew is my native language, when Elohim introduced himself I was all like 'whaaaaaaaat'. Nice touch.I need to sleep now."
,Recommended,257510,13982920,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,DrunkDave,If you loved Portal and Portal 2 this game is a must play for you!
76561198039760320,Recommended,257510,14095920,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Imrileth,"This is the best game of 2014 in my list. The puzzles are fun, the story is interesting and it is the best looking game to date."
76561197982882380,Recommended,257510,14098624,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,clifton.hyatt,"I don't normally enjoy puzzlers much, but this game rocked! Outstanding in every way. An incredible fusion of FP and puzzles, great graphics, incredible music and story, with a big heaping of philosophy thrown in.Highly recommended, an absolute joy to play."
,Recommended,257510,14099215,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Koscum,How could I possibly not recommend this? Incredible puzzles coupled with a very interesting philosophical story; haven't had this much fun in a puzzle game since the first Portal.
,Recommended,257510,14100432,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Dr. Who,"This game is really thought-provoking. Under and over the interesting puzzle solving, there is another complex layer where philosophy meets science, humanity, religion and destiny.30 stars."
,Recommended,257510,14101765,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Smol Loli Dragon,"Amazing graphics, challenging, but not too challenging puzzles. Some of them took me quite some time to finish.IMO best puzzle game I've played, but I finished it after 16 hours, and I think 40 bucks is a bit too much."
,Recommended,257510,14102279,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,tolstoshev,Best puzzle game since Portal
,Recommended,257510,14110633,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,itburnb,88%  Great Portal clone with philosophy exploration and fourth wall breaking moments.  The story will have you guessing until the end and it definitely makes you think.  A bit long though...
,Recommended,257510,14116231,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,fred,It'll make you think in more ways than one.
76561198040879197,Recommended,257510,14104730,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Takver,"This game is like Portal, but with a hefty dose of philosophy instead of humor. I decided to give it a try, and before I knew it, my day off had vanished. Time well spent, it has been too long since a game made me lose track of time like that.If you like puzzles then get this game. You will regret nothing."
76561197973585200,Recommended,257510,14104873,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Niff-Tea,"excellent  game, challenging puzzles at times , pretty to look at too,  9/10"
76561197973276555,Recommended,257510,14106871,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Andrunn,A beautiful game with an interesting philosophical storyline and fun puzzles.
76561197995266587,Recommended,257510,15270452,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,dangero3,"Great and sometimes really challenging puzzles, but the Game is much more than Puzzles. Once it dig it self into your Brain, you will understand what i mean It's unique and an outstanding experience."
76561197968194902,Recommended,257510,15258481,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Pinhead Larry,This game is amazing.  It is a fine mix between portal and Amnesia: The Dark Decsent.  It has both the elements of puzzle navigating as well as the curiosity of what the plot entails.
76561198049646960,Recommended,257510,15259704,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Overklockk,Awesome game that tests your brain smarts. 10/10 easily. So many puzzles.
,Recommended,257510,15259977,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Gen,"It had been a while since a game had captivated me on so many levels... The game itself is amazing, the puzzles are both challenging and rewarding, the world is not only beautiful but also scary and strange: It will leave you wondering, dreaming and questioning. The soundtrack is great and goes very well with the theme.There are secrets behind the game, and you can tell the developers have had a lot of fun in making this game."
,Recommended,257510,15173215,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Titanhealbar,"Like Portal but on crack, minus the portals!  Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love both Portal games for the innovative way they made puzzle solving games fun, but also accessible.  Most people I know hate puzzle solving games because they think they make certain games stupid hard for no reason (original Resident Evil is one such game during its respective era).  The Talos Principle takes that amazing style of gameplay that made Portal so addicting, and kicked it into high gear.As of this writing, I have only played about an hour of the game and already do not regret buying this game whatsoever.  If you are seeing this during the current weekend sale, BUY IT NOW!  50% off is really more than you need for this game, it is totally worth the asking price and then some when you consider Steam Workshop integration... so take advantage of that sweet discount to sweeten the deal!Bottom Line:  Dig puzzle-solving games of any kind (Zelda, Metroid, Portal, Tetris, etc.)?  Then you are going to LOVE this game, guaranteed."
,Recommended,257510,15261270,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,j0ny_brav0,A great puzzle game.
,Recommended,257510,15261624,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Aelexe,Like Portal except Portal didn't leave me questioning my own existence at the end.
,Recommended,257510,15264369,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,nferd,"If you liked portal, you'll love Talos. Wish I had bought it sooner."
,Recommended,257510,15299641,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,kazukie26,"When I first played Portal, it blew my mind and thought I would never experience the same  with any other games. This game proved me wrong. If you liked puzzle games with thought provoking stories such as Portal, Machinarium and The Room, then this game is worth a look."
,Recommended,257510,15300388,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Rory,"A game that can rightly be called a piece of 'art'. It doesn't compromise on gameplay, and immerses you in a world of existential quandries. Very intelligently written."
,Recommended,257510,15300811,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,[GA] Roachy,"The puzzles ended up being a bit tedious after a whole game's worth of them, but they can be quite challenging and mindbending, even to a Portal-master-tier puzzle gamer. More importantly, the story, atmosphere, presentation, music, and execution were all very good and lent a rich meaningfullness to the game that is much called for by the story's premise. It even stirred up the old and dusty philosopher's nook in my brain with its prevalent and intentionally provocative existential themes."
76561198039602326,Recommended,257510,15302615,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Woods Of Ypres,an amazing game has amazing challenges im literally recommending this to all my friends looking forward to dlc and might even buy the soundtrack it was amazing as well
76561198062200238,Recommended,257510,15303936,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Pacattack57,"If your considering buying this game but not sure if puzzle style games suit you, fear not! This game far exceeded my expectations and was well worth the price. Im the sort of person who is very stingy when it comes to buying games and i have to say I would buy this one all over again! Also I enjoyed the many easter eggs and the philosophy behind the game. Had to stop and think about my answers alot lol."
76561197980144017,Recommended,257510,15306310,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,kehl,Portal with philosophy. 10/10 would Schopenhauer again.
,Recommended,257510,15306354,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,OsoMako,"If Serious Sam and Portal had a quiet baby, this game would be even better. The backstory is very well thought out--albeit depressing. The puzzles are challenging, but not impossible. The environment is beautiful. There are secrets scattered throughout each level, but they mostly require thought and exploration to get to, not insane skill like some other games.It's hard to find anything to dislike about this game so far. If you enjoy puzzle games or Portal, definitely pick this game up. Whatever price you feel like paying for it, It's worth it."
76561198089624466,Recommended,257510,15307741,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Quantified,The best puzzle game I have played with one of the most intriguing stories 'hidden' in the levels. Definitely surprising from  the creators of Serious Sam
,Recommended,257510,13369936,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Zxurian,"Definitely recommend for anyone who likes puzzle games with story behind themReminiscent of the Portal series, it goes beyond just having to solve puzzels for the sake of puzzels. The story behind it is compelling. The overarching theme definitely makes you think and, like Portal, compels you to uncover and solve the next mystery, if only to see what lies behind the curtain.I would recommend not googling any solutions or walkthroughs while playing, as part of the mystery is discovering things as you go.The puzzels have a complete range of difficulty, and are not linear in timeline, so if you get stuck on one, you can always come back to it.Notrecommended for anyone who doesn't like non-linear games. There is no hand holding saying ""go here, do that"" So if you like being told what to do, don't buy this game."
,Recommended,257510,13370410,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Armenni,Not made for dumb people.
,Recommended,257510,13371157,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Maxey,"If you enjoy challenging first person puzzles with a weird and mysterious backstory on the side, then this game right here was made for you.Who would've thought that Croteam of all people would create one of the best first person puzzle games since Portal."
76561197961345022,Recommended,257510,13371283,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,KeefeUp,"Entrancing.  I love this game.  The challenges are fun, the graphics are nice and run well.  Its just a good game.  Good on them Serious Sam guys.  I love them forever."
76561197971435175,Recommended,257510,23690826,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,c.camacho,"Nice game - good looks but importantly good game play, ending puzzles a bit obscure but that doesn't detract from a great experience"
,Recommended,257510,23887158,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Yenshu,I love it ! So here's a thumbs up for ya !
,Recommended,257510,23883941,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Pepperoni Jabroni,"Difficult puzzles but in the good way. There's two types of puzzles: those where you just don't know what to do and those where you know what to do but struggle in succeeding to do it. Puzzle games are more fun when they contain mostly the latter. And this puzzle game does just that. Although, there are a few of the first type; and those can be frustrating. Cool story too."
,Recommended,257510,23601260,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Awfulhorrid,"I love games that make me think, so it's little surprise that I've loved The Talos Principle. Actually, I'm not yet finished yet, but I'm well past the point where I'd rate it a 10/10. However the reason I'm writing this review is not for the thinking part, but the *feeling* part. I fully expected the challenging puzzles, I didn't expect the emotion of the story - the sheer weight of the revealed background as you play. No, I'm not going to give spoilers, but dammit, a game isn't supposed to bring tears to my eyes!Well done! Very much a 10/10."
,Recommended,257510,23615631,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,tiny shaman,"The game is an amazing combination of engaging puzzles, thrilling sci-fi narrative, and gorgeous serene landscapes. It has definitely reignited my love for action puzzle genre."
,Recommended,257510,23663144,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Warchief,"I just finished playing Road to Gehenna (DLC) and I have the same feeling I had when I played The Talos Principle, effin good game. I don't remember all the details about The Talos Principle now, but I remember that I recommended it to 2 of my closest friends and gave them a demo at my place.Fun puzzles, very well balanced, interesting back story, plenty of lore to read, and yet not excesively long.Totally recommended if you enjoyed Portal or Portal2. The puzzles and mechanics are not like Portal, but having an intriguing story that unveils through non repetitive puzzles is a common trait that I enjoyed a lot in The Talos Principle.Looking foward to the sequel, recently announced."
,Recommended,257510,23692154,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Feavers,I loved it!Would highly recommend it - especially if you enjoy puzzle games - then you will have hours of fun playing The Talos Principle.Don't know what more to say that others have not already said --- Ah! I know -VULKAN!!! :D..Itsupports the new Vulkan API (beta) whichhas worked out very well so far.With every update the game'sVulkan renderer inches ever closer to DX11 performance..This is another spoiler! :D
,Recommended,257510,23651953,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,GrimTalin,"Great game, I can't believe I've waited so long to play it. If you like Portal and/or puzzle games and have a passion for artificial intelligence and philosophy, this is the game for you!"
76561198050787659,Recommended,257510,23677971,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ZeroKelvin,"Probably the longest and most difficult game of Tetris I've ever played. Still really good, though."
76561198029423256,Recommended,257510,30800875,Posted: 28 March,all,Naevo,"Awesome puzzle game. Plenty of challenging puzzles, but not too difficult. Some puzzles make you think for a long time!Certain tricks you'll learn will come back throughout the game which can make the puzzles easier late game, maybe some even feel repetitive.That's where the amazing enviroment and graphics come in, the snowy bits made me feel like i'm in Skyrim! I also really liked the music, good puzzle solving music!The game is not full linear, you can go whatever level you want, and come back later.The story around it is interesting. I didn't bother too much with the terminals/consoles though."
76561198019542911,Recommended,257510,23678282,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,lamb,Favorite Puzzle Game Ever Played
,Recommended,257510,23593116,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Peck2703,"This game has interesting puzzle mechanics, yet some of the puzzles have very difficult objectives and require several puzzle restarts to figure out every step of each puzzle. The storyline itself was fairly explanatory, yet did not explain what Talos really was. Decent game, but buy it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,257510,23594980,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Srnec7,"Awesome game, full of  puzzles of each diff. and a great story!"
76561198048484924,Recommended,257510,23608754,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,JustToxicFox,Portal without portals and philosphy. nuff said.
,Recommended,257510,23608962,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,smashouille,"Yes !Nice mood, love the sounds and musics.Puzzles are nice, a bit repetitive though.Love the overall feeling and weirdness of the game."
76561198010829056,Recommended,257510,23613302,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,kurushii,"This game changed my view of life at the end, and gave me whole new purpose to keep living. The underlying theme is just mind blowing. Don't pass if you are more into the story side of games.One of the best games I ever played."
,Recommended,257510,23554231,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,ZZZZZZZZ,This is a good game.
76561198044527842,Recommended,257510,23639411,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,aliencube,Very good game. Best value when you have it at a discount. Highly recommended for puzzle lovers. 8/10
76561198020990330,Recommended,257510,23716317,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,HANZIE,"incredible story, awesome graphics, mind-bendinly crazy puzzles. one of the toughest and best puzzle games i have ever played"
76561198202337641,Recommended,257510,23772026,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,gato.quimico,"The game is great for someone who really likes puzzles. There are great many of them here. Seriously, by the $/puzzle, this would be the most you can get (especially right now, on the Summer Sale :) ). But they are mostly similar between each other, as there are only up to four tools in each puzzle. Anyway, I recommend it."
76561197976739516,Recommended,257510,13802423,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,razorirr,"Best puzzle game I've ever played, Have a dk2 oculus on order now hoping though on releasing a VR compatible version as this game would be amazing with it."
,Recommended,257510,13802476,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,JZig,"This is a great atmospheric puzzle game, plays a bit like a mix of portal and fez. Highly recommended if you want something relaxing but challenging!"
76561197997294920,Recommended,257510,13804096,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,solith,"Brilliant game! Beautiful and interesting world to explore. Great puzzles to solve that never get boring. Easter eggs to find. Best of all awesome thought provoking dialogues and elements of lore. It's like Portal, but philosophical rather than humorous. Hands down the best game I played in several years."
,Recommended,257510,13807612,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,MeatPoses,"Very much enjoyed this game. I have been taking a break from gaming for a while, but after a friend gifted me something on steam, I saw this and had to give it a try. Very much enjoyed the game play... and questioning reality."
76561197992708311,Recommended,257510,14092434,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Machete,"I don't usually write reviews, but this game deserves it. Think portal, only replace the comedy with philosophy. Definitely worth a buy. 5/5 stars."
76561197973586870,Recommended,257510,14093255,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,BirdiE,Great puzzle game. Right up there with the Portal series.
76561197968571832,Recommended,257510,13522214,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Buzzkill,"Summary: The best adventure game since Myst... and maybe even better than thatAll I can say is, bravo!  Forget about the limited context of computer games, this games does what ART is supposed to do: evoke a response in its audience.  The Talos Principle forces you think about some pretty heavy stuff, but it does so without sacrificing a shred of entertainment value.  It's fun, challenging and addictive from a gameplay perspective, and all the while you're being exposed to ideas that you're probably quite unlikely to otherwise encounter in the video game world -- a synthesis which I for one consider to be the holy grail of *any* kind of science fiction.The only knock I have on the game is that as someone who has actually studied both artificial intelligence and cognitive science, I found the philosphy in the game to be a little antiqated at times.  For example, the eponymous ""Talos Principle"" is introduced as a revolutionary and complex idea, but in reality you'd be hard-pressed to find a single contemporary cognitive scientist that would consider it to be the least bit controversial.  They'd refer to the idea by its converse, ""Cartesian dualism"", which as one colleague put it, ""is as close to a dead theory as anything you'll find in science"".  In other words, the ""Talos Principle"" is essentially already universally accepted by science, and has been for decades.That highlights the key difference between science and philosophy: the latter doesn't concern itself with trifles like ""experimentation"" and isn't swayed by anything as crass as ""data"" or ""evidence"".  Some of the ideas that it still insists we ponder have already been examined and conclusively accepted or discarded by science, and subjects it has long considered inscrutible, such as the nature of consciousness (which plays a central role in this game), are now well on their way to being objectively understood.But that's being nitpicky.  For the most part the philosophy in the game is delivered with a minimum of bombast or pretense, and the fact that it's there at all is a triumph.  Plus, the puzzles (which constitute 95% of the game) are challenging without being frustrating, the story is engaging, and the game engine is solid as a rock.  I hate to use hyperbole, but it applies in this case: this game is a tour de force of the adventure genre.Buy it, and support this kind of game!"
,Recommended,257510,13460350,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Closestjunk,"I've caught myself saying ""Hmmmm.."" outloud, a countless number of times.11/10Will play again."
76561198043493247,Recommended,257510,13461621,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BlazinAce,"This game reminds me a lot of Antichamber. It's an amazing puzzle game that makes you think while playing. Reading all the bits of stories during the game is incredible and gives it great background. I've just finished the first section of the game and I'm in love with it, but still have a long way to go it looks like. If you enjoyed Antichamber you will love this game."
,Recommended,257510,13463647,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BreucsLeej,pls buy need more
76561198015122318,Recommended,257510,13554303,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,atlantis_maniac,Absolutely brilliant
,Recommended,257510,13565022,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,P4cM4n,"I can highly recommend this. It plays good, looks good and by the gods does it feel good. Frankly I enjoyed this more than Portal."
76561197971863307,Recommended,257510,13518047,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,andy_t_roo,"One of the best puzzle style games ever; if you like portal, then this game is worth it, even at full price."
76561198027844344,Recommended,257510,13518252,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,adamdrake7,What an addictive puzzle game with such a rich story and beautiful visuals! If you like Portal this will appeal very much.
76561198149024647,Recommended,257510,13555253,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TunaKing,Nothing like you have ever seen. This is Portal style gameplay with stunning visuals and the best Philosophy class ever!
76561197999486428,Recommended,257510,13558746,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,AngryAussie,"Awesome game! Haven't played a game as much as this one, in a long time."
,Recommended,257510,13559846,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Jerry Beans,Get puzzled
,Recommended,257510,18430353,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Pseudonymous_Colby,"My brain hurts. It's a sentient robot, which lives in a fake world, with Elohim in the sky and the Serpent in the machines... Wonderful puzzles, beautiful scenery, I don't think that there's a part of this game that I don't like.Oh, you're going to go really existential while playing."
76561198007094487,Recommended,257510,18652029,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Shizznazznizzle,Probably best story and best puzzle game of my life.
,Recommended,257510,18652522,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Axis of Entropy,heady
,Recommended,257510,18672330,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,The_Kankler,"One of the best games I've every played.  Definately one of my top 25.  Complex puzzles and gorgeous scenery make this game nice.  The over-arching story and solving the great mystery make this game great.  While the game can be slow and the puzzles getting super difficult towards the end, I found myself always wanting to solve the next puzzle not only for my own satisfaction of solving the puzzle for solving the puzzle's sake, but I was genuinely interested in what the story had to offer (a rare thing among many games I play).  The only bad thing I would have to say is that in order to complete this game 100%, you will find yourself combing massive and busy environments for little loop holes or just plain old holes-in-walls.  I love puzzles, I do not like looking for things..."
76561198043168588,Recommended,257510,17200159,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,neonwhite900,"A smart, challenging and solid puzzle game. But it’s much more than that. It’s a thoughtful, moving game, requiring dedication and attention to see it through to its fullest rewards. A person could play through just doing the puzzles, skipping the many logs and audio recordings, and enjoy the game well enough. But the weight that comes from understanding the narrative is more than worth the effort. Games that are this thought provoking and enjoyable are rare. Even more rare is ones that imbue this level of pride and honor upon completion."
76561198023507159,Recommended,257510,18884388,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,the.grognard,This is a very fun game and the puzzles are satisfying.  If you like puzzels that form the framework of an interesting story puzzle...you will like this game.
76561198028843342,Recommended,257510,18881433,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Krtekcze,Astonishing puzzle game with excellent ideas.
76561198083056854,Recommended,257510,18882644,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,DMxMarkiMx,"Fantástico!! Indescritível!! Incomparável!!A História é perfeita, a física do jogo impecável, as citações, Filosofia!!Aproveitem!!"
,Recommended,257510,18645847,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,kaptainkommie,"Good puzzle game, some puzzles are extremely difficult, but most are pretty reasonable."
76561197998337949,Recommended,257510,18808555,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,redcellops,"A computer terminal sends a sneering counter to why I think I am human. My views on philosophy are baseless assertions, it retorts. While staring at this computer terminal in a video game mock me, I alt + tab and spend an hour reading the philosophy and sentience articles on wikipedia. F***ing Milton.Pros+Thought provoking story+ Great puzzles in beautiful environments+ Very well written characters and lore+Amazing soundtrack+ It actually made me question thingsCons-  Not a con really, but if you are not willing to read a decent amount of text, you will miss a lot of the story and lore- Wish there was more"
,Recommended,257510,18816503,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,GODliN[TF],"Since 2011 the ideal puzzle-adventure-game was the ""Portal Prelude"", but everything changed after I almost passed The Talos Principle - pazzles in this game will breaking your brain, a lot of achivements and additional tasks. An incredible number of easter eggs, even YouTube has not all of them. The amazing game, the best game at this moment for me."
,Recommended,257510,15315103,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,afm99,Great game. I loved the style and the theme.
76561198141644107,Recommended,257510,15315997,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,UsulMcUsul,"Wonderfully designed. Marvelous puzzles. Yes, it's scratching the Portal itch while still being original."
,Recommended,257510,15287599,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,thrawn_aj,"Never thought I'd say this but I've finally found a game better than Portal. There's humor, but subtle. The puzzles are first rate and not frustrating. Enough flexibility that you can leave one be and do another one and come back to it. The overall story is superb and emotionally charged (the emotions however, are those stemming from philospophical musing, not the raw and heady emotion of an FPS game or a standard adventure game). The music, artwork, ambience and really just the sheer quality and quantity of **thought** that went into this game is staggering. After 15 years of gaming, I finally get to play a game about which I have **no** complaint (believe me, I'm trying). I haven't sat through a game for more than an hour at a time over the past 4 years (growing old I guess) but I'm pulling all-nighters on freaking work-days just to play one more puzzle in this thing. Sleep eludes me :( ... all I see in my mind are boxes and tripods and fans and stars (those triple-damned stars!! Where are they all????). Recommended if your life has seemed strangely empty since Portal (1) and you don't care for cutscenes interrupting your gameplay and you **crave** an intelligent game with beautiful game mechanics, nice control and a world that I'm playing tourist in (taking screenshots by the dozen each session ^^). Highly recommended. First review on Steam as I just *had* to congratulate the game makers for a truly magnificent game. Bravo! Just ... bravo!"
,Recommended,257510,15287729,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Pathways,"Personally,  when it comes to the story, I find this game somewhat hard to follow.  With ""Sigils"", hexahedrons, connectors, hidden stars and a complex storyline - this game will keep you occupied for hours.  This game reminds me a lot of Portal (I doubt that I am the first to say this).  A collaboration of mazes and puzzles intricately strung together and carefully thought out.  Although I currently am still playing this game and haven't fully grasped onto who I am, what I am doing or how I even ended up solving all of these puzzles, The Talos Principle is one of the most addicting games I have played to date.  Would definitley recommend to any gamer looking for a challenge and an interesting story."
,Recommended,257510,15289064,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Jim Moriarty,"Amazing game, makes you think."
,Recommended,257510,15291806,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Shadowstrafe,Successfully scratched that first person puzzler itch.
,Recommended,257510,15292035,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Evilmanta,"The Talos Principle was recommended to me by a friend who played the demo. While I've only played a couple hours at the time of this writing, I am thoroughly impressed. First of all, it's a gorgeous game, and the interface is simple and elegant; even the main menu is effortlessly stylish. The amount of detail put into the environment and even the background is fantastic. I find myself just walking around and looking around at the setting of each puzzle hub. The puzzles are very reminiscent of Portal, but there is enough of a twist that the gameplay remains fresh but familiar. Mechanically the game is very polished and I haven't yet encountered anything that has hindered my gameplay or interrupted my suspension of disbelief. The story that underlies the puzzles and the picturesque environment is foreboding and captivating. It reminds me of the Maze Runner book. I can't wait to see what unravels as I finish my playthrough."
,Recommended,257510,15293746,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Rush Knight,"A good puzzle game challenges your mind...a great one also tests your force of will.The Talos Principle is one of the greats.But please, everyone: STOP COMPARING IT TO PORTAL. If there's any comparison to be made, Talos Principle is much, much closer to the Myst series (the *original* puzzle-adventure game, for those who missed out on the 1990s). This is true not only in terms of the visual aesthetic, but also the design of the puzzles, the underlying structure of the universe, the depth of the narrative, and even some general parallels between the characters (Elohim is akin to Sirrus; Milton, not unlike Achenar; Drennan, Atrus).And like the Myst games, there were also some frustrating moments - at times puzzles felt tedious, others tested my patience (I admit I cheated a couple of times), and on one occasion I was genuinely confounded by what the solution turned out to be (""Oh, hey, you can block the laser with the EMPTY SPACE UNDER THE TRIPOD!"" - it's excused for being a virtual object in a computer simulation, but still). Even so, it was a fantatic and immensely entertaining experience overall that not only tested my skills, but challenged my beliefs. I especially enjoyed locking horns withMilton- sure, it was predetermined choices with predetermined responses, but I relished the challenge nonetheless; it was like a puzzle unto itself.I'm resting my brain for the time being, but I anticipate I'll be going back for another playthrough or two. There's still much I haven't done yet - bonus puzzles unsolved, achievements unearned, alternate outcomes not yet revealed. It's definitely been worth every penny, and I throw all my weight behind its recommendation."
76561198069925309,Recommended,257510,15250560,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Lettuce,Awesome!
,Recommended,257510,15250909,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Death Pony,"I hadn't played any games for months, but I had been watching Steam sales for a nice, casual game. Boy, did I make the right choice. Brilliant concept and execution. I can't imagine myself losing interest for a long time. Challenging puzzles mixed with fascinating philosophy that begs you to question the purpose of it all. It's a tug-of-war between trust and skepticism, and it remains unclear which is better or how much of each is reasonable."
,Recommended,257510,15251904,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Noira6th,Relax
76561197970378993,Recommended,257510,15252157,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Circuitry,"Excellent game. You're gonna love it, especially if you enjoyed Portal and Portal 2."
,Recommended,257510,15252634,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,WasHE™,better than portal.
,Recommended,257510,15255250,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Woogie teh Liability,"Fun little strategy game. Gets you thinking a little about life, that is if that is what you are into."
76561198104652027,Recommended,257510,15256353,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,PiRo_ScOuT,"If you are looking to buy the game, don't buy it for the puzzles or story. You have to buy it for both. The puzzles can be hard, but the main ones can be solved fairly easily. The story is good, but the interaction with the terminal assisstant  are spaced out which will get anoying. If you want the game, be both interested in the story, and solving puzzles."
76561198025357646,Recommended,257510,14366499,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,sparalo,File signature verification failureSolved.
76561198090608852,Recommended,257510,14383130,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,-Hayroth-,"Simply put, this game is absolutely incredible. Currently there is nothing else like it out there.People compare it to portal - in reality it is far superior and much, much deeper.It is aimed at a mature audience through the driving story, and the concepts and the deep and meaningful points of views you discover on your journey. If you have ever read the works of ancient philosophers, or have an interest in psychology then you will love it - if you look at the synopsis and think it apeals to you, then I would encourage you to buy it, no questions asked.Futuristic sci-fi themed, the worlds are rich and vibrant, gameplay is smooth, intuitive and the music and voice overs are absolutely perfect. It will require good reasoning to solve all the puzzles, especially on your own.If you play this game I highly recommend that you solve all the problems yourself, without looking at guides etc. Otherwise you lose most of the emotional rewards of this game (but you will still find it fun).If you are scared of heights and have a good gaming setup, you are in for a treat! :)It is fairly long, and depending on how good you are at solving puzzles may take longer.Money extremely well spent. I hope there is a sequel!On a final point, if more people played this game, and absorbed the deeper points it puts forward, then this world would be a hell of a lot better off. Unfourtunately, however, most of this world are still in Plato's cave. Let's hope his generation changes that."
,Recommended,257510,14386387,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Goldwing,Pros:Few technical issuesGood storyLots of puzzlesCons:Often not immediately obvious where to go nextMessengers not really helpfulLots of scrolling textYou only get  3 Messengers (6 with Sigils of Elohim8.5/10
76561197984322112,Recommended,257510,14771184,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,[TLGS] Mario-x,"I tryed to convince myself I was a human, but I could not run from reality that I was a robot. Great puzzle game."
76561198159321730,Recommended,257510,14775969,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Poliloli,One of the five best games I have played in my life. Really entertaining game.
76561198059690097,Recommended,257510,14747710,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,1gamer13,"Buy this game, and keep playing untill you get all three endings. That's what i did, and I love this game!I rarely ran into anything that was too difficult or too easy.SPOILERS!The ending where you climb the tower is the best ending in my opinion."
,Recommended,257510,14753712,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,highpriority,"Cool puzzler, looks like Portal on the surface. It will surprise you with it's agenda. Top notch quality of design and implementation 9/10"
76561198045855020,Recommended,257510,14756708,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,[as],"Amazing game. This is without a doubt my favorite first person puzzler. I cannot recommend this game enough.PROS:- Clever and fun puzzles- Brilliant philosphoical story that actually makes you think- Very open worlds that allow you to choose how you progress- Loads of content (took me 20 hours to beat the first time)- Optional star puzzles for challenge seekers- Highly replayable- Excellent mod support- Extensive options to suite personal play style- Extremely compatible (was able to beat it entirely on a MacBook Air)CONS:- Too much reading first time through- 1 unexplained game mechanic which caused me to get stuck- Hints aren't accessible until midgame and have to be unlocked- Environments aren't that varied and contain a lot of unused spaced, making it very difficult to find stars in some worldsI should also note that this game has almost zero humor. This isn't really a con considering the heaviness of the plot, but it would have been nice to have some to break up the seriousness."
,Recommended,257510,14812238,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Znerox,"Wow, this game is simply amazing! I don't know quit what to compare it to, there isn't too many games like this. This is what you get when you combine portal-like puzzles with an interesting back story and a dash of philosophy."
,Recommended,257510,14814012,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Daassie,"Superb - Just Works™. The narrative has no dead air, the puzzles are well-paced and the world has plenty to explore. Very nice views, too.If you like puzzles, plot or just games with plentiful content - and let's not forget modding support - this one is for you.I would describe where the game borrows from, but that would risk spoilers (which you STILL can't hide on Steam). As you probably know by now, there are elements that have been heavily borrowed from other games and other works, but the final product stands proudly on its own two feet, not relying on prior knowledge or well-treaded grounds too much. You can simply play, enjoy and reveal it all yourself."
,Recommended,257510,14815098,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Lionarith,So great!Everything in this game is awesome.
,Recommended,257510,14724227,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Kad,"Words cannot describe it, needs to be experienced.10/10 - My personal favorite of the year."
76561198001046216,Recommended,257510,14805386,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Guildenstern,"Portal meets the Philosophy of Mind in this indie 3D puzzle game, which mixes a thought-provoking sci-fi story with carefully tuned spacial puzzles. There are many secrets, hidden messages, and several endings to the game which ensure you won't want to put this game down until you've beaten it. A definite buy for any fan of the puzzle and sci-fi genres."
,Recommended,257510,14805402,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,CrazyIvanTR,"Solid puzzler experience. There's no doubt that I will play through it once and then again to find all the secrets and recordings. The story is interesting enough to make you want to play. If you liked games like Portal, QUBE etc. then you will most definitely like this game."
,Recommended,257510,14709458,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,ForgetfulHitman,This game is amazing!!!!
,Recommended,257510,14780911,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Patch,Most fun demo I've played in a while. Didn't have to think twice about buying it (£20 is a bargain IMO!)
76561198067194487,Recommended,257510,14784817,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Fartpocalypse,This game's amazing! It's like portal and myst mixed together!
76561197983498156,Recommended,257510,14785831,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,wentech,"Going into this game (with the demo version), I wasn't sure what to expect. Never thought that a puzzler would work as a first person game, but was completely surprised. The developers have pulled off a completely engaging first person game that doesn't rely on heavy action to keep you interested.There's the overall puzzle of just what is going on in the world you inhabit, and combined with the often very challenging combination of pieces that you have to assemble to get pieces of yet another puzzle, which you get to solve to be able to get even further in the world.Sucked me right in, and I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,257510,14794407,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,mrlankytoe,"Fascinating Story, hoped for a bit more depth.  The puzzles were challenging without being too much of a grind.  I had hoped for a bit more dialog with the MLA.  In all, I wanted more interaction with the characters in the game, but, I was very impressed overall."
76561197970573862,Recommended,257510,14796339,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Zidz,Excellent
76561198143304232,Recommended,257510,15285461,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Silver Rising,"Definitely get this game if you are into puzzle games. Or even if you're not. Personaly im not really into puzzle games that much but I am enjoying this one. Just remember, don't ascend the town..... or you will surely die."
,Recommended,257510,15285680,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Flatline,"Great story and makes you think. The puzzles are mostly nice out-of-the-box-thinking, sometimes however one feels cheated by the game. Also if you hate timing critical stuff like me there are some parts I never want to repeat. Still recommend it very much to play at least once!"
,Recommended,257510,15286489,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Shazam,"I got the demo, got the DLC and payed full price for the game.  It was so worth it I would pay full price again.1. Great soundtrack2. Fantastic storytelling and ending possibilities3. Puzzles are unique and addicting (somehow still fun the second time around)4. Achievements were totally worth the fun of getting them5. Would play for a 3rd time.6. Just played for a 3rd time.7. Still fun the 3rd time 10/10"
76561198041295402,Recommended,257510,15204927,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Faentoller,"""Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, never goes away"" - Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥(EDIT: Steam censors the author's last name, but you get the idea)The Talos Principle is an at times transcendant game borrowing the best from Portal, Assasin's Creed and a blend of several  pihliosophies and religions.  Although the puzzles vary widely in difficulty (trivial to infuriating), the overall game is fantastic.The rough idea is that you are a... thing (that may or may not be a robot), dropped into a... world (that may or may not be a simulation). There are two other characters, Elohim (playing the role of God) and the Milton Library Assistant (playing the role of the serpent). The two of them compete for your attention and obedience (or disobeidience). It is entirely up to you which you associate with, but be warned, your decision has consequences that extend beyond your sight.Buy this game if you want your mind to be warped by puzzles, science fiction, and intense philosophy."
,Recommended,257510,15205313,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,negatifzeo,Game can be summed up in nine words. Wow.
,Recommended,257510,15205740,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Mr. person,"This game is quite fasinating its philosophical ideologies. Though it ressembles too closely to The Portal games, it is an enjoyable and fun puzzel game that makes you think. Not only with puzzels, but with your own life in gerneral. It brings up questions within your own life as well as question what you believe."
,Recommended,257510,15206445,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Verion,"I've tried for the past 45 minutes to figure out how to say how much I f**kingLOVEthis game, but I can't.All I can think is that this gme is beautifully crafted on every front, and it shows what questions we can ask with games. I left this game with many new ideals about mortality, humanity, and free will. When something in the same object category as Postal 2 can make me ask myself deep questions about what I think consciencetrulyis, it shows thatgames are moving forward as a medium.Play this game. I don't care what kind of gamer you are, I don't care what you believe in, just play this game.For the love of Elohim,play this game.EDIT:You see all those people calling this game a ""Modern Classic"" and a ""Masterpiece""?Listen to them, they are right."
,Recommended,257510,15207336,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DJDrewcifer,"I have only put a few hours into the game so far,  but im really digging it so far.  The game looks beautiful and runs very smoothly.  If you have ever played portal 1/2, Q.U.B.E., Antichamber, or other similar games (and enjoyed them) than this game is definitely for you.  So far the puzzles havent been too difficult to master.  Whats nice about this game is that if you cant figure out a certain puzzle,  you can leave the area/level and try a different puzzle.  Sometimes while solving a puzzle, i figured out how to do another and then just ran back to the unsolved one.  You do have to unlock a certain amount of blocks before advancing to the next map, but there is plenty to do in each map with hidden secrets, terminals to find, and what have you.  The soundtrack is very fitting too.  if you like puzzles, a nice challenge, and a outside the box storyline then definitley pick this up."
,Recommended,257510,15207669,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Zinc saucier,If you love portal you will love this game
,Recommended,257510,15209144,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Magnus_VII,"A fantastic, philosophical puzzler. It takes a little patience, but I highly recommend it if you're looking for a smart, thought-provoking game."
76561198010746150,Recommended,257510,15209159,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Garchy,"Brilliant game, if you are a fan of puzzle games, this will be a treat for you"
76561198026248532,Recommended,257510,15210089,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Shad0w_Br33ch,"If you enjoyethe puzzle aspects of Portal, this game is perfect. This is one of those game where it's got the main gameplay and a huge amount of lore and backstory behind it. I understand why it's so much more expensive than I expected, there's just so much more to the game itself!As a puzzle game, I give it 10/10.As a gaming expirience, just as highly endorsed!This game is incredible!"
76561198008059228,Recommended,257510,15210545,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,spin,great game. similar to portal. worth all the moneys.
,Recommended,257510,15211453,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,THE HOUND,Mind. Blown.
76561198065204634,Recommended,257510,15211768,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Three Midgets in a Coat,"You play as a newly awaked AI, standing in a lush grecian garden where a booming voice from above introduces itself as God and orders you to solve puzzles and collect Tetris pieces, which are used to make keys and object that opens up more puzzles. Said puzzles are nothing spectacular, the usual box/pressure plate/beam of light/ stuff, but engaging enough.Immediately there's the sneaking feeling that you're simply a rat in some behaviorist's experiment, a feeling underlined by various messages left by other researchers, interspersed with philosophical texts, discussions about various levels of reality and historical notes about fallen empires.If you think all this sounds a bit pretentious, then you're not entirely wrong. The game takes itself spectacularily seriously, and there is not a single tongue in a single cheek to be found. But it works. It works so damn well. Right off the bat, the game forces you to consider questions of conciousness and identity, the relationship between creator and the created, the conflicting values of freedom and security; all while the looming feeling of being nothing more than a datapoint in a graph creeps ever closer. It's a game where you solve box puzzles one minute, then ponder what it means to be a human the next minute. More impressively, it makes you feel like these two tasks are actually interrelated.If you like science fiction, logical paradoxes, puzzles, and/or heavy religious metaphors, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,257510,14914465,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,XOmniverse,"Art in video game form that combines puzzle solving, deep philosophical thought, beautiful scenery and music, and incredibly spiritual reflection on what it means to be a person. I could not possibly recommend this more."
,Recommended,257510,14835188,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Diopside,"An extremely thought-provoking game, and not just because of the gameplay. Although the puzzles are clever and rather challenging, it's the story that really makes you think. It is, however, rather lengthy for a puzzle game, and some of the later puzzles require a lot of patience and mental gymnastics.  Still, I'd recommend The Talos Principle to almost anyone; this is Portal done better."
,Recommended,257510,14998949,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,mr. monarĥo,"good game, very relaxing"
76561197970896300,Recommended,257510,14999744,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,gwapolaub,"Loved this game! I found this better than Portal, which I thought was an impossible task."
,Recommended,257510,14981360,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,ArtlessDodger,a masterclass game
,Recommended,257510,14983865,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Rogue Daemon,Thoroughly Enjoyed this game. Can't recomend it enough!
,Recommended,257510,14977472,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Jimmy - http://mostly.ninja,"The game plays at your own pace, as puzzles are solved with theory and execution as opposed to timing and platforming. You aren't told how to use puzzle mechanics, but rather you learn how to use them through natural play and experimentation. Its competent treatment of philosophy introduces big questions about life and existence, and every part of the game is truly thought provoking."
76561197992329702,Recommended,257510,15509351,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Doctor Who Says Ni,"Very good and interesting. While portal 2 is a great game, this game is more mature. It is very philosophical and religious, but scientific, but that does not mean its boring. You will solve puzzles that can be very difficult involving laser beams, cubes, jamming devices to lower shields, and a machine that lets you record yourself so you can co-op with yourself. There are exploding robots to avoid. There is some reading. You will also be asked questions about life and its meaning. Best things about this game is slowly figuring out the truth, trying to pick a side, finding all the secrets, and the feeling of finally solving that puzzle. I actually feel a bit smarter after beating it."
,Recommended,257510,15512601,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Mr. Capital G,"The Talos Principle is a rock solid puzzle game as far as the puzzles themselves go, I don't even normally like puzzle games because the puzzles are usually illogical and require trial and error madness, but not this game, all the puzzles are perfectly logical puzzles. Some are very tricky but thinking about the problem will provid the solution. I was impressed with the variety of puzzles given the basic puzzle mechanics. The graphics and music are serene and surreal. The premise and story is kind of abstract and esoteric, it asks some interesting questions and starts to work in an existential way but doesn't really run with them as well as it could have.Overall great game!!"
76561198080482709,Recommended,257510,15513246,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,IamWalterWhite,"You're not only solving puzzles, you're a self-aware robot questioning if he, or anyone else should consider himself a person.♥♥♥♥♥♥gets deep, and the puzzles are rough. I'm a fan."
76561198000190243,Recommended,257510,15515756,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Nocidim,"+ Dieses Spiel gehört ab sofort zu meinen All-Time favourites. Fordernde Rätsel, die aber immer lösbar bleiben, und die einem ein mittlerweile selten gewordenes Gefühl der Befriedigung verschaffen, wenn man nach langem Grübeln, oder auch nach einer Pause, den Baustein endlich erreicht hat.+ Tolle Atmosphäre, gute Sprecher, schöne Musikuntermalung, tonnenweise Easter Eggs, versteckte Sterne, es gibt verdammt viel zu entdecken.+ Auch die Hintergrundgeschichte, die sich einem aus dem Lesen der zahlreichen Computerlogbucheinträge erschließt, zeichnet ein subtiles, aber erstaunlich filigranes Bild der Geschehnisse. Außerdem gibt es wenige Computerspiele, die ich in philosophische Debatten mit einflechten kann. Grandios.- Für mich war The Talos Principle aber auch das erste Spiel, bei dem ich etwas auf die Motion Sickness achten musste. Das liegt aber vielleicht auch daran, dass ich aus der Egoperspektive selten so schnelle Spiele spiele."
76561198141407588,Recommended,257510,15519114,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,nobrain87,Cool game!!!
,Recommended,257510,15520590,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Shadowstealer,"This is one of my favorite, if not my favorite puzzle game. The puzzles are fun, and they make you think for awhile instead of just breezing through them. I want to be frustrated at least once in a puzzle game or it doesn't feel like I've accomplished anything. Another thing I liked about this game was the length. The sheer amount of puzzles in this game is amazing, and its completely open ended. Over 120 puzzles, alternate endings, and a very clear difficulty scale makes this an amazing puzzle game that will go down as one of my all time favorites. Finally, the look. I don't take looks into account in most games. I won't knock a game for not looking pretty, but the worlds in this game are amazing. I love the ancient architecture scattered throughout the game as you wander through ruins trying to solve puzzles. It gives a great atmosphere to an already amazing game.10/10"
76561198006590007,Recommended,257510,15437101,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,bpais008,"Better review to follow later, but highly recommending right now, especially if you like either of the following, alone or in combination: puzzles, philosophy, and deep story."
,Recommended,257510,15438731,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,IMissAK47,"I didn't know a lot about this game when I bought it, and I was pleasantly surprised! This is a beautiful game, puzzles have a nice range of difficulty, and something that I wasn't expecting, the story is quite interesting. If you liked Portal, I would definitely recommend you to give this game a try. On the negative side, I still haven't found the kitty."
76561198137609135,Recommended,257510,15495804,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,malec985,its interesting and deep game for your brain
,Recommended,257510,15448162,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,boing,"The philosophical note is somewhat reminiscent of The Swapper, the puzzles somewhat reminiscent of Portal, but The Talos Principle is its own brilliant thing, and you really have to play it if you care for puzzles, story, philosophy or introspection even in the tiniest bit."
76561198084491244,Recommended,257510,15559333,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Monostatos,"Challenging puzzles that force you to think out of the box. Almost never frustrating, you learn very fast how to use the game mechanics. A ton of easter eggs.Furthermore, the art and the music are stunning.I had to look sometimes to solutions in the most advanced levels (for collecting hidden stars), but most of the puzzles are possible and do not require any technical skills.Only real criticism: if you want to play a ""philosophical"" game, this one doesn't do the trick. If you have studied philosophy a bit (particularly ethics and analytical philosophy) you will certainly be disappointed.It ressembles Braid in a certain way: the creators had an ambitious message but it is only given to us through texts. The technical limitations of video games make it impossible to build ones own mind, let alone discussing an idea or a concept. If your are looking for a game with a strong intellectual message, I suggest you look at today's independent table-top RPGs rather, naturally less limited in terms of interactions."
,Recommended,257510,15565608,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,dances with woolite,"EXCELLENT puzzle design. It's got a great combination of new mechanics (lasers :)), puzzles with a variety of tricks, and just the right amount of allowing (or encouraging) you to break them a little. Pretty solid sci-fi frame and good voice acting. Was going to compare with the Swapper but now I see that one of the same guys was involved, so maybe that is obvious. :) Seriously great! More like this!"
76561198079465117,Recommended,257510,15582568,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,killzonex,I am very happy with my purchase of The Talos Principle. Ive only played about an hour so far as I have a busy schedule but what I have seen is amazing. Its the perfect game. Perfect balance of beauty and frustration. You walk around in amazing scenery and solve puzzles while soft music plays.
76561198030733442,Recommended,257510,15575007,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,webbx211,C L A S S I C.
,Recommended,257510,15575256,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,NYKevin,"Like most games these days, this one has two elements: plot and gameplay.As far as gameplay is concerned, the puzzles are well put together and have that same sort of elegant simplicity that Portal had.  Expect to solve them with sudden flashes of insight, rather than slow grinds.  However, I feel the developers' choice of nonlinearity here was a double-edged sword, for while it makes it easier to step away from an overly-difficult puzzle, it also makes it harder for the game to ""train"" you effectively in some of the more complex concepts.  In turn, this results in the puzzles having uneven difficulty levels at times.  This may be more fun with two people at one computer; alternatively, take a break when you get frustrated and the ideas will eventually come to you.  It's probably a bad idea to try to complete the whole game alone in one sitting.On to the plot.  Above all else,avoid spoilers.  The plot is much more interesting when you don't know how the game ends.  With that out of the way, I should note that the philosophy presented in this game is well researched.  Either that, or Croteam reinvented half of modern philosophy from first principles, which would be even more impressive.  They also manage to avoid the jargon that so commonly infests philosophical discourse these days, making the game accessible to a wide audience (though it does lead to occasional loss of precision).  I find it difficult to discuss the plot in any further detail without spoiling anything, so I should close by noting that it was, in my opinion, well-written.  It requires the player to think critically about all available information, which sets it well apart from most games.  While I feel they could have done certain things differently, I'm not convinced those alternatives would have produced a substantially better game."
,Recommended,257510,15566169,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,EnduringBeta,"On the surface, The Talos Principle is Portal-like puzzle game, and perhaps many people are satisfied enjoying the it this way. Alongside these ""test chamber""-like areas with lasers, gates, hexahedrons (cubes), and enemies, though, is deep philosophy. It is expressed through direct debate on computer terminals throughout the game (that I found sincerely challenging) and in the entire nature of the experience.Why am I, an android, running around what looks to be ancient Greece or Rome using high-end technology to collect Tetris pieces? Wait, did that tree just glitch? Who is this Elohim who speaks in a booming, godlike voice about my purpose? Audio diaries and fragments of text documents fill in what I found to be a very compelling world: one in which I honestly didn't know how to proceed when given choices.This game is worth your attention. It has challenges and goals for different skill levels that can cater to a wide audience. Single puzzles or the more difficult stars feel fantastic when finally completed. Sneaky Easter eggs lie in wait, as well, for the observant and those willing to break the rules of these puzzles. I felt my suspicions and trail and error were often (but not always!) rewarded with the game saying, ""We were expecting you,"" which is a nice feeling.The challenge and fun of the puzzles with the sci-fi/philosophical questions The Talos Principle raises make this experience one I will remember. It's beautiful, well-designed, and very smart. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,257510,15483288,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Mr. Glass,One of the best games i've played in years.
,Recommended,257510,15485587,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,{BFG} Alfadorfox,"Do you feel that modern FPSes don't have enough exploration and secrets, remembering hidden nooks in the levels of Doom and Quake? The Talos Principle has that kind of exploration in the physics-puzzle genre. Where Portal and Portal 2 thrived on dark humor from the unseen voice, The Talos Principle's Elohim booms religious symbolism while at the same time the terminals deliver on philosophy, moral questions, and ruminations on the nature of consciousness and personhood. The puzzles themselves are fun, and many require you to really get creative with the solutions.I have a lot more to say in favor of it, but I'd end up spoiling much of the story that way."
,Recommended,257510,15486825,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,wilson the hamknight,moar
,Recommended,257510,15429704,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,pb_slayer,"A must for anyone who likes puzzles or asked the question ""Why?"""
,Recommended,257510,15177197,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,GrAmPa,I recently just had the pleasure of finishing this simply amazing first person puzzle game. Cannot speak highly enough of it. Just awesome. A new entry into one of my all-time favourite games.
76561198187259439,Recommended,257510,15521681,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,narrowgate83,Excellent game.  Very challenging at times but always interesting.
,Recommended,257510,15521824,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Coasty,A fun puzzle game that has some challenge to it.  The game also has an interesting story that you piece together as you play that may cause you to think.  Multiple endings to work for and many easter-eggs to find for those who wish to seek them out.
,Recommended,257510,15525359,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Entropy,"The best puzzle game I've ever played - hell, one of the best games, period. Do yourself a favor and dive in."
76561197975959024,Recommended,257510,15526351,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,jib,very enjoyable. I wished it would never end.
76561197978786811,Recommended,257510,15527045,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,triumph,"If this game was skynet's new approach to taking over the world by convincing you that the machines are human and that you are a machine then it would work and I would gladly surrender to my new human overlords. This game is possibly the best example of games as an art medium. It is exceptionally philosophical. It doesn't merely ask you what it means to be a person; it forces you to think about it. And it does so beautifully. The graphics and over all presentation of the game is stunning, the graphics are not only well optimized (so it will run perfectly on a 290x or a 7850) but are gorgeous (not just on a 290x does it look good, it still looks exceptionally good on a 7850) the amount of detail put into the environment is astounding. And the philosophical arguments made by the game are not merely made towards you, but by you. You have to take a position, you are not thrown into having to make a choice immediately but you have to decide what you believe at some point. The puzzles while obviously comparable to portal are unique, while some of the ideas are shared; the challenge is less in understanding how gameplay mechanics work but in how to apply them. While the puzzles in portal are admittedly more exciting on average the puzzles in The Talos Principle require more thought and also come in greater quantity. Fortunately the puzzles can be left if they become tiresome so you can go and work on another, but there puzzles of different types that are abundant as well, block puzzles, computer hacking, and the biggest known to man: the meaning of life and what it means to be alive. If you know this company from Serious Sam games and are wondering how a game like that (while fun is no philosophical master piece of puzzles) then I would see why it is surprising (Serious Sam is fun but only has the developer and a few game assets in common with this, and almost nothing else.)  They didn’t merely try their hand at making puzzles, they demonstrated expertise at it. Only a few company’s come to mind that have made games so different but so good. Croteam, I think it is safe to say that you have succeeded in making something completely unique and incredible. Thank you…In other words it’s a pretty good game you should try."
76561197972513466,Recommended,257510,15529854,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Tairannosaurus,"Beautiful, challenging, and philosophical."
,Recommended,257510,15536468,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Eriol,"This is an excellent game if you like 1st-person puzzle games.  As I'm sure many many others have said, if you liked Portal, you'll like this.  I'd say yes, but with one caveat: it's much less humorous, and what's there is DARK humour.  Also, lots of reading.  Or you can pretty much ignore the story entirely and not read anything.  Up to you.Either way, I fully recommend this game.  If you BLAST through it, expect 20-ish hours.  If you're not as clever, it'll be longer, but it's really REALLY satisfying when you finally beat a level when you were struggling for a long time.The only downside I would say is to look up the star locations.  For the most part, they make zero sense, or some way of getting ONE of them makes zero sense.  So look that up, but persevere for 99% of the other sigils.  You'll enjoy the whole thing more that way IMO."
76561197974318149,Recommended,257510,15970829,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,mneedes,"Awesome first person puzzle game, one of my favorite games right up there with Portal 2.   I found Portal to be more fun and light-hearted, while Talos Principle more serious and philosophical.  The puzzles in Talos Principle are generally harder than those in Portal, with many requiring you to think outside the box.Play was glitchy and crashed often on Linux, especially in larger environments.  Everything worked fine when I moved to Windows.  Hopefully SteamOS will work better.Highly recommend the game for people with enough patience to play puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,15971630,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Kilo,"Like Portal, but with philosophy instead of humor."
76561198052725775,Recommended,257510,16046785,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,monstoor,"It is beautiful, frustrating and philosophical. Buy it!"
76561198082187634,Recommended,257510,16047693,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Eremita,The narrator told me to buy Serious Sam because he heard the main character was pretty handsomeHe was prety convincing
76561197979002129,Recommended,257510,16055977,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Diskoprinsen,10/10
,Recommended,257510,16228089,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,inthosedreamsicanfly,Ochen' horosho
76561198036323760,Recommended,257510,16229688,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Platypus,"The Talos Principle offers challenging puzzles, decent graphics and surprisingly thought-provoking philosophical themes. The price is a bit steep at $40, but it is still a relatively new game. I recommend this one if you like puzzle games, or if you can get it on a Steam sale."
,Recommended,257510,16007103,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,DeLuman,"Good game overall, I enjoyed most of this game but I do wish I didn't need to solve every puzzle.  I feel like this game would have been much better if it were 5 hours shorter and I would have been tempted to take out every ""rewind"" puzzle and the game would have gone from a good to a great.The philosophy and reading in this game are very fun and putting together the puzzle of ""what is the setting"" is more fun then most of the later puzzles until the last stage's puzzles."
76561197979382659,Recommended,257510,15980169,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Absolutely TYXEPOTATO,This game has a nicely paced learning curve so you should definitely jump straight in.The well refined puzzles can be intricate but are altogether lucid. Dope visuals. - 9/10
76561197971334588,Recommended,257510,16251053,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,stratakarius,"I can't think of enough good things to say about this game. From start to finish I loved every bit of this game. When it first popped on steam I didn't want to pay full prize for what I thought was simple a puzzle game. When Steam had this on sale for twenty-something dollars, I pounced on it. Knowing what I know now, I would've definitely paid full price. This is a full game; not some dinky puzzle game with the same puzzles over and over.The game mechanics are easy enough to pick up, but it's crazy how many ways they can up the ante. I won't go into details about them because i'm sure there's a hundred other reviews that already have and probably better than I would.There's a level of philosophy dished out with every new level through old looking computers. Each "".txt"" file gives you a glimpse of story, philosophy, or character development which adds to the overall emotion of the game. There is also Audio files from a main character (if you'll call her that) which get more intense as the story moves along.One of my favorite parts of this game is the little nerdy secrets you run across in the game that provide no real significance to the game other than proof that this game was a work of passion. At one point I found myself in a cave looking at a giant prism akin to the pink floyd album cover complete with music similar to it (I didn't recognize it if it was actually their music). Another time I noticed the level design accommodated an extra area so I thought I'd take a look. Being mostly through the game I was paying alot of attention for these things. I ended up in a walled off courtyard with a ladder leading up to a small balcony with pictures of the making of the game and the gamemakers themselves :)Another secret area involved skirting the boundaries of the level. Finding myself next to a church I heard *presumably* a priest yelling ""money! money! money!"" and some other similar things from within the church.Anyways, I really enjoyed this game. I thought it was going to be a good puzzle game but it turned out so much more. It really makes you question humanity on some levels. I loved it.9/10P.S- If you do get the game, you can skip getting all the stars, unless you really want to. The ending isn't as good :)"
76561198104340180,Recommended,257510,16148429,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,TacticalTaco,10/10 would access milton library assistant again.
76561198061138127,Recommended,257510,15760146,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Spaghettioz,"Absolutely phenomenal game.  Worth every penny.  The puzzles in each instance range from ridiculously easy, to extremely challenging (some people find all of them very easy and I hate those people, cause they are far smarter than I :P).  The farther you go, the more they range from complex, back to puzzles that make you scratch your head because you overthought far too much and added too much complexity, all the way back again to puzzles that require extraordinary outside the box thinking to solve.  You can come up with solutions too that the designers didnt see.  I managed several that later were not considered by anyone else i could find.  That is part of the genius of this game.  The graphics and soundtrack are flawless if your PC can handle them at their best.  The gameplay is simple and 100% reliable.Many of the star puzzles will drive you bananas and often require all the thinking and experimenting you can come up with, and even then I still needed help at times lol (often smacking myself after I finally saw or accomplished the solutions)!  Read everything you can find too, and install a QR reader on your phone.  The endings are all worth trying out.  This is a game for people with an intellectual bent, and the philosophical reading (from all the greats) and challenges will have you thinking.  Better yet they are real philosophical challenges that people still grapple with today.Secrets everywhere too :D Explore everything!"
,Recommended,257510,16486997,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,undeadmedusa,This is even more amazing than I expected. The dialogue and information you find spark a lot of thought on the subject of consciousness and experience.Magnificent!
76561198037428149,Recommended,257510,16486949,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,document_done,"Great game. It's a narrative driven puzzle game similar to Swapper.In the few puzzle games I've played most come with a narrative, but none have been as compelling as The Talos Principle. Piecing together who/what/where/when/why of the world you are in feels grand, and creates a powerful incentive to see it all the way to the end.The difficulty is just right. I've solved almost every puzzle in the game without help including half of the optional challenge puzzles. Two of the puzzles I've spent maybe 2 hours each on. I've also managed to find a good number of interesting secrets. So I don't think you need to be a puzzle game veteran to get through this game. My only complaint with the difficulty is that once I amassed a number of tricks, the last 15 or so story puzzles became trivial because they were just thicker and thicker layerings of those same tricks.But really I don't even consider the puzzles to even be the attraction of this game. It's the atmosphere, setting and storytelling that elevates this above others. There aren't many games where I've felt awe. Exploring the world, finding secrets, and just experiencing the narrative gave me a powerful satisfaction.I bought this game at full price at launch and felt it worth every penny. If you like exploration, puzzles, and immersive storytelling then this is it."
76561198005772688,Recommended,257510,16488205,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Beast of the East DC United,"I honestly just wasn't expecting what this game was actually going to be. I love it's mixture of ancient civilizations with sci-fi . It's mood and puzzles are a perfect game for the player who wants a intellectual challenge in a beautifully created world. This is a must buy for any puzzle fan, and for anyone who's simply looking for something novel and new. 9/10"
76561198023067330,Recommended,257510,16509467,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,✘Strychnine✘,Having a blast with it.
76561198137422438,Recommended,257510,30209646,Posted: 26 February,all,Three Eyed Cat,In the beginning were the words and the words made the world. I am the words. The words are everything. Where the words end the world ends. You cannot go forward in the absence of space. Repeat.
,Recommended,257510,18741907,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Blando,Good game
,Recommended,257510,25968024,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Eric,"A great puzzle game, almost as good as the portal games. story revolves around human existence and consciousness. Worthy of a purchase when it goes on sale."
76561197998898536,Recommended,257510,25964965,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,AndyHazy,Love this game!
76561198165135450,Recommended,257510,26008376,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ebi,"one of the best game ever i ve played , nice puzzel game , but has a big problem , will make me  crazy when i cannot solve one of the puzzels :-D"
,Recommended,257510,26007280,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,B i r d,"Amazing game, 9/10"
76561198001781029,Recommended,257510,26004550,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,lpciper,"This is a gem of a game.. Please do yourself a favour stop reading this review and buy it, just do it.. Wonderful puzzles, good story, good music, runs fast (it uses the Serious Sam engine) and I just cannot stop playing it! Congratulations to the developers, this is a masterpiece! :)"
76561198057420114,Recommended,257510,30886890,Posted: 1 April,all,Idler,"I really do not like games that require you to be patient and I do not like puzzle games. Still, I loved Talos Principle, I think that is quite an achievement.The story with its metaphysical touch makes it really worth your while.If you ever want to lose argueing with a computer, give this game a go..."
76561198204391272,Recommended,257510,25992008,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,cdkissiah,"Hope this helps you guys with your decision!This is an amazing, moderately challenging puzzle game that sometimes makes you feel like a total genius when you complete certain levels. The controls are simple, really easy to pick up, and as far as I've seen, the game is really well built, with no patches needed.However, be warned. A lot of people have said that this game is amazing for it's sotry because it leaves a feeling of awe with you. And it does. But the concepts talked about in this game cannot be fully enjoyed unless you're a fan of philosophy and questions that have no direct answer. If you've taken a philosophy class in college and enjoyed it, the story of this game will be ridculously fun, and give you new perspectives. If you find philosophy annoying and stupid, the bulk of the story developments in Talos will bug you a lot and will probably make you want to stop playing the game.But, for the general population, this game rocks. Fun puzzles, a fantastic story and a lot of easter eggs. Buy it and have fun!"
,Recommended,257510,25988505,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,geyik,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥my brain is on fire
,Recommended,257510,26000784,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Blygrossisten,"It is a fantastic game! Love the puzzles, the atmosphere. I can really recommend this game. If you like Portal this game is a must have."
,Recommended,257510,26001017,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Morshay,Cool puzzles and interesting mechanics. I would recommend to Mute the game because the narrative is horrible. also in several cases you are expected to solve puzzles using mechanics you didn't know you could use.
76561197971977561,Recommended,257510,25997087,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,contemno,"This game reminds me a lot of Portal.  It is a great puzzle game, and a great exploration of the philosophical and moral distincitions between being AI and being human.  The game could be better at integrating the plot and the puzzles, but definitely an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,257510,25991037,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Soviet,"32 hours to CompletionDecent puzzle game. Not quite portal or portal two.Runs smooth. Very well done story.Kind of gets a bit tedious, but thankfully it ends in one of three ways before you really get bored.Worth it: if on sale. Additional stuff is more puzzles."
76561198064822661,Recommended,257510,25991515,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Thile el dominador,"Awesome game!If you like to think about the meaning of life, whether we are programed or have free will, etc. you will absolutely love this game!It also has nice and smart puzzles!"
76561198097520188,Recommended,257510,26014777,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Hulluruoho,"(... place a list of positive superlatives of your choise here ...)For a puzzlerer and problem solver who appreciates at times really tricky challenges - in a mind-blowingly gorgeous environments, from sci-fi to ancient, which are filled with increasingly difficul labyrinths and courtyards buzzing of floating bombs - and so much more: go for it!Not a dull moment, I can tell :)"
,Recommended,257510,26042274,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,hexone,"Excellent. A game I'd recommend buying at full price, coming from someone who never buys games at full price. Extremely enjoyable puzzle game with an interesting story, good mechanics, and a satisfying ending. Highly recommend a playthrough, even if you're not much of a puzzle game fan otherwise."
76561198094823800,Recommended,257510,26038205,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Macedon,"Creative and engaging, large amount of content"
,Recommended,257510,26052100,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,AnInnocentBystander,"I had no idea what this game was going to be when I clicked the install button, and it fell nothing short of impressive! I personally love puzzle games and first person puzzles at that! the graphics are spectacular in this game! there's a bit of philosophy involved if you choose to use the terminals that way too. The puzzles are at times quite challenging yet stimulating at the same time, There was never a ""just grind through it moment"". I played through the main game twice for all achievements and the DLC once at 100% as well this game is very much worth the look!Enjoy guys!SYSTEM:NZXT H440, Asus X99-A, Intel i7-5820K Haswell-E OCd 4.5Ghz, 32GB corsair 3000 DDR4 (4x8GB), Asus Strix 980TI OC 132%(1490Mhz boost), 1TB SSD, H110I-GTX, CX750M, Acer 27"" 1MS, 144Hz 2K, Asus 27"" 5MS 60Hz 1080P."
,Recommended,257510,26092586,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Jmac,Incredible. A puzzle game better than portal. Philosophy/existential thought provoking/challenging.
,Recommended,257510,26093558,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Highlander,"The puzzles themselves get weary near the end since they are designed more or less the same, but the story itself was a lot deeper than I expected and kept me going. The only problem is that the ending wasn't all that fulfilling."
76561197968017053,Recommended,257510,26090377,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Zarniwoop,"Spectacular game.Original portalesque with harder puzzles and a beautiful, interesting world.Story unfolds wonderfully and is interesting.Highly recommend."
76561197970132751,Recommended,257510,22198240,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Dawkins,"For fans of puzzle games, this is a must.  For others, this is a very existential story with plenty of intrigue."
,Recommended,257510,22198252,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Wisdom Pen,"An intensive philosophical exploration into the nature of consciousness, being and what it means to be human, this seemingly simple and almost copy-paste version of Portal is actually a very powerful game in it's own right and it is a perfect game for you more philosophically minded gamers out there. I found myself being intellectually challenged one minute by puzzles and being ontologically challenged the next as to whether or not I could prove that I was a person to a computer.This game is a very beautiful game and you should play it for it's fantastic sceanary if nothing else, a perfect mix of philosophy and games if I ever have seen one."
76561198191718946,Recommended,257510,22198365,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,the doctor,absolutely fantastic game
,Recommended,257510,21655343,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,LeadFire,"I would have to name this my favorite game of 2015.Its the best first-person puzzle game next to Portal, not so much with humor but with a brilliant philosophical plot within a plot.If you like immersive, mind-bending puzzle games you will love this. Can't recommend it enough!"
76561198137310490,Recommended,257510,22170823,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,neochoonkiat,Great Puzzle Game Full of Mysteries. The color code of the puzzles and difficulty sometimes does not match but it depends on the individual.
,Recommended,257510,22169810,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,CendoJr,"A fanastic puzzler where the difficulty ranges from ""Huh, neat"" to full on fiendish.  Throughout the game it forces you to consider different ideas to solve the puzzles, working your way up to the optional (and fiendish) star challenges.   A triumph of game design."
,Recommended,257510,22174387,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Lanius,"At first when I found out about puzzle game from Serious Sam developers I was surprised and somewhat sceptical. But after seeing some reviews and watching some videos i decided to give it a try. And for me it turns out to be one of the best puzzle games since Portal 2. Puzzles at this game sometimes can be rally hard (and it's good). There are a lot of text/audio-logs about philosophy/religion/science/life, and I usually don't care about those stuff in games, but i still enjoyed it. Definitely recomend, and I aslo recommend Road to Gehenna, it's one of those rare situations when DLC even better than original."
,Recommended,257510,22244370,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Hoodivagant,"Let me put it this way; if you dislike this game, you probably lack inner peace.This game suits me better than any game I ever played. The calm sensation it's giving, I'm forever thankfull for this game."
76561197972114078,Recommended,257510,22244073,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Nesticle,Best puzzle game I've ever played!
76561198273199145,Recommended,257510,22271678,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Endershroomer,"This game is stunning.It's probably the third best game I've played this year.The puzzles require very deep thought, and they vary greatly, so no two puzzles feel the same. If you want even more outside the box thought, you can look for the stars, which require extreme spatial problem solving and inter-level interactions.The game offers you a great amount of control with where you choose to go. You can go through the levels in almost any order you wish, and it makes you feel as if you actually have agency over the events of the game.The storyline is the best philosophical experience I've had in years. It delves into issues such as: ""What makes a person human?"", ""Do our choices make a difference?"", ""What is the meaning of what we choose to do?"", ""Is there a greater purpose?"".These musings are delivered through discussions with a computer entity, who challenges your every assumption. It convincingly feels as if you are in an actual debate, and this prompts you to really think about the things you discuss.The atmosphere of ""The Talos Principle"" plays with your emotions constantly. With simple changes in dialogue and music, the world around you can swiftly turn from soothing to menacing.To conclude, if you are even remotely intrested in puzzle games or philosophy, buy this! You won't regret it."
,Recommended,257510,22271045,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Lapas,"Beautiful graphics, great soundtrack, very hard puzzle and great performance on Linux! (Vulkan)10/10!"
76561198050822902,Recommended,257510,22260423,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,torakalmighty,"If you like puzzles and thinking about philosiphical topics such as morality, consciousness, and religion, this game is for you.  Are you doing the puzzles because you enjoy them?  Or because you believe it's God's will?"
76561198094419238,Recommended,257510,22264851,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,savam,"Totally awesome game about AI and humanity.Relaxing challenging puzzles and very deep back story, which makes you think about what makes you human, and what is life itself.Must play for everyone, 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,22261720,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Trumar,Fantastic game that sticks with you long after you finish playing!
,Recommended,257510,21865174,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,noodle,"It's like Portal, if written by David Brin and then reimagined through the lens of Asimov."
,Recommended,257510,22057458,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Maraca Musk,"The Talos Principle is an excellent puzzle game. If you liked Portal, this isn't exactly the same but has many similar elements; game mechanics are used to solve puzzles and you acquire additional ways to solve them as you move along. As well, it's a little more serious than Portal, but does include a psychological background and quite interesting questions and discussions about psychology and artificial intelligence, with some mystery to it as well.Graphics are excellent; gameplay is engaging, although it may feel a little repetitive towards the end, and some puzzles are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to figure out, but overall it's one of the best puzzlers I've played recently."
76561198131265132,Recommended,257510,22041018,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Merlin,"12/10Worth the price tag, and if it's on sale,don't even hesitateClever as you may think you are, this game will make you work for it!The videos truly don't do the game justice.While the puzzles (shown in the videos) and the puzzle mechanics may seembasic, mastery of them is not.Choices matter - youwillquestion your beliefs and will be required to back up your resolve!Provides a very clever and interesting take on what consistutes the true definition of certain thingsGives you just enough background to make you curious what's going on and what's taken place while still leaving enough to the imagination.Delightfully diabolical at many points in the game - you will never have as much fun being backed into to a philosophical corner as you will here.  You'll get to question your choices, beliefs, and the outcomes they may have.Just when you think you have it figured out what's going on,you don'tNumerous bonus 'items' ripe for discovery, often hidden in plain sight.  This includesmessages, ""easter eggs,"" and hidden locations, to name a fewAn excellent background, story, and circumstance for the basis of the game - impressively immersive for the given scenario.Rarelywill you find a game that reveals things aboutyourcharacter, not just yourcharacter'scharacter.If you want a unique puzzle game with more than just what's on the surface, or you want to have your mettle tested in ways thatmayactually make youuncomfortable, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,257510,22136674,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Dingus,"Now, I don't have much time in this game. But I must write a review for the nonbelievers. This game is brilliant. I picked it up at a 75% off sale, biggest mistake of my life. Let me explain why. I thought I was getting into some weird game about robots and stuff, which makes me uncomfortable to be honest. Instead, I got a game about humanity. Weird, isn't it? That a game that features a robot as the protagonist can deliver a message targeted towards humanity? Almost reminds you of...yes, that's right. Portal. This game is Portal 3 in everything but name. Great game, pick it up at full price and buy the DLC. You won't be disappointed.P.S. The menu is fun to play with."
76561197996437448,Recommended,257510,22077030,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,bjm_tbuy,"Tremendous game.  Really, pretty sure this is the best puzzle game I've ever played.  It plays nothing like a puzzle game, and has a great story."
,Recommended,257510,13397695,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Los,"This is one of those games that your life depends on playing. Even if you are not into puzzles, this will awaken your mind! Must play before you die!"
76561197991431473,Recommended,257510,22003570,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,A Spoony Bard,"A first-person puzzle game very much reminiscent of Portal. You move objects and manipulate the environment to collect pieces of a key, which you use to unlock the doors blocking your path. I'm slightly disappointed with it, as it's lacking the charm of Portal, but it's still a good game."
76561197994289722,Recommended,257510,22133947,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,zeusfuller,This game better have a number 2 made it is great
76561198025053546,Recommended,257510,22353953,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,spyfoxguy,"Addictive, modular puzzle design and great story."
76561197970775354,Recommended,257510,22338002,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Flopinou le lapinou,"Great game. It could have been a simple puzzle game, but the storytelling, music, sounds, environments and dialogs transformed it. One of those games where you stay stunned when it ends."
76561197970986351,Recommended,257510,22299355,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,caFOdhER,"There aren't many deeply philosophical games out there, especially not integrated into a very challenging yet satisfying puzzle game. Some of the puzzles are mind-bending (and I had to cheat by watching the solutions on YouTube for more than a couple) but I was utterly hooked by the narrative and constantly wanted to find the next audio log or participate in the next conversation with the mysterious entity behind the computer terminals. This game is beautiful, polished, addictive and easily the best puzzle game I have played since Portal 2 and the most compelling storyline I've experienced in a very long time. Everyone should play this game."
,Recommended,257510,22303911,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,All-American Hoplite,This game is amazing
,Recommended,257510,22419413,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Player 1,I used to think that Portal 2 was a diffacult puzzle game until I tried The Talos Principal.Amazing and frustrating as hell all at thew same time.This is a must own game.9.6 of 10
,Recommended,257510,22287978,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,10albersa,"tl;dr: Flexible puzzle game (you choose whether you want to take the easy road or the hard road) with an excellent story thrown on top of it.  If you are interested in puzzles or philosophy, take a look, you won't be disappointed.10/10I'll begin by saying that this game is not for everyone.  Puzzles and philosophy aren't exactly in everyone's list of favorite things.  For me, this game was as good as it gets, in both quality of puzzles and in storytelling.First I'll talk about the actual gameplay: For a puzzle game, it progresses beautifully. The premise is to gather puzzle pieces scattered throughout the world.  These pieces are at the end of levels in each world, each level involves tools and barriers; it is your job to get past those barriers using the tools given. It is easy enough at first to get your attention, and adds complications and twists at a perfect pace.  One of the best parts about the gameplay (although I am too much of a perfectionist to leave it be) is that each world has puzzles that come in two flavors: Medium and Hard (each denoted by color). You don't need to do the hard ones at all if you don't feel like it.  On top of that, there are stars (even more difficult to ascertain) sprinkled everywhere in levels and around the map.  Gathering the stars adds that even tougher carrot on a stick that is, again, completely optional to the player.  All in all, the set-up of the gameplay is pretty standard in puzzle games, but the modular nature of it makes it much more accessible.Secondly, the story.  This completely depends on how you enjoy philosophy, theology, and reading.  The story is incredibly well-written.  It mainly focuses on where we came from and analyzes human behaviors, specifically in the subject of gods and purpose.  The story is told through logs in a computer system and through recorded tapes found throughout the world.  From the beginning, you have a 'god' telling you what to do in order to be saved, ultimately listening to him is your decision.  Without spoiling anything, the questions it asked where incredibly thought-provoking (on top of a game that already demanded critical thinking in the form of puzzles).To conclude, this game is what you make it to be. Its modular nature (in storytelling and in the puzzles themselves) allows for this to be an experience that suits what you want to get out of it.  If you even remotely enjoy picking up a puzzle game, or love thinking about those big philosophical questions, give this game a try, it will not disappoint."
,Recommended,257510,22291576,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,LouskRad,There aren't really that many games in which you teach an AI about Kantian inconsequentialism. Not really.
,Recommended,257510,22291708,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Sheyon,"Amazing and challenging puzzle game and very thoughtful writing. I actually went to all the trouble of getting all the achievements for this one because I love it that much. My only complaint was that it ended and there's not enough custom content.Grab it with the Gehenna expansion. The Road to Gehenna takes the challenge of the game up a notch and also gives you a more immediate story than the base game. Highly recommended.And don't forget, frogs are people too."
76561197964331808,Recommended,257510,22247932,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,The CyberDemon,"Awesome cerebrally-challenging game that will turn you into a muttering insane monkey until you have that moment of clarity or spark of insight and *voila* IT ALL MAKES SENSE! Solving a difficult puzzle can make you feel super smart, it's kind of addicting!Game is Very aesthetically pleasing too, with beautiful natural worlds and settings that take your breath away if you have a decent graphics card. I'm running it at full 4K resolution and *WOW* looks really really good! I sometimes just slowly walk around on certain maps, taking it all in.Plot is interesting, with a philosophical twist that I enjoyed very much. There are 3 different endings, depending on choices you make in-game.Lots of replay potential as well, tons of hidden secrets, funny inside developer jokes and easter eggs..All in all, well worth the money if you enjoy mentally-challenging puzzle games with amazing graphics and a bit of humor."
,Recommended,257510,22247142,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Pandora's Fox,"Brilliantly captivating game.As one of my friends who reads a lot put it, she finally understands what people say when they mean they want to be able to read a book for the first time again - a massive part about the Talos Principle is discovery and learning, and sadly, you can't really do that again a second time.I think I'dve enjoyed the game more if I played it without searching for every secret and went with the surface story, then dug deeper the 2nd time around, because I'd find it hard to play it a 2nd time otherwise. However, I intensely enjoyed this game, and would reccomend it anyways."
,Recommended,257510,22297898,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Plyem,"Not many games are as inteligent, as thoughtful, as hopeful, or simply as beautiful as Talos Principle."
,Recommended,257510,22104371,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,FusterCluckie,"I just finished this game and I must say that I absolutely loved it!There were a few puzzles here and there that stumped me and I had to come back for, but still managed to get them all.The atmosphere and visuals of this game are fantastic. they put you right in some beautiful scenery, but with some glitches (done on purpose), you can tell it's a computer generated scenery which makes you wonder where you are or why.The story is a bit odd, but suits the game and game play quite well.If you like logical puzzles, this is certainly a must play.I will definitely be going back to do it again to finish everything. Need to get all the stars and try to complete some of the secrets."
,Recommended,257510,27338389,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Da Purple Tuna,"This game was probably one of the best games i've invested my money into.-The graphics user settings are amazing with how croteam optimized the game-Super great plot within a plot style of minigame regarding the MLA-Several endings, all extremely well written-Several challenging puzzles, getting harder as the game goes on at the perfect rate.-SO MANY AWESOME EASTER EGGS9/11 would buy again, and will be buying the sequel"
,Recommended,257510,27044887,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ashbandit,"Challenging physics/logic puzzles and a really deep, thought-provoking theme.  I would definitely recommend paying attention to the lore to fully appreciate this game."
76561198176559967,Recommended,257510,27044989,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Radcircles,Extremely good puzzle game. Very similar to portal.A lot of philosophy as well if you're into that sort of stuff.
,Recommended,257510,15319304,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Decronus,"This game looked simplistic and somewhat boring in the store page screenshots, however this is not the case. The puzzles provide a pleasant balance between challenge and fun, and the story, if you choose to indulge it is very interesting."
,Recommended,257510,27058699,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Raptor,"As a huge Portal fan, I came at this game with high hope. I got more than what I was looking for. A really solid challenge along with an extremely thought-provoking plot. It incorporates some religious philosophies into the story which I thought was really cool and somewhat unique. Overall a must-play for those who like puzzles and stories combined into one. Absolutely astonishing. 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,27081361,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Joy,Challenging puzzles complete with great storyline10/10
76561198039831042,Recommended,257510,27079738,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xemorc,I liked the very thought behind the game. It made my brain resonate in more than mere logic twists and turns but rather in a need to dwell on the meaning of meaning behind all meanings.
76561198086973357,Recommended,257510,27076018,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raphael,"This is an excellent - and difficult - puzzle game, meant for people who love the struggle of tough problem solving.It's not as unique as Portal or The Witness, but since it's more difficult, it left a greater impression on me and I consider it much more rewarding.It easily belongs with the best games of this genre."
,Recommended,257510,15937123,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Wrigleys,This game is amazing
,Recommended,257510,25989619,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,frankzafka,Wow. Loved portal. Love this game. Funnily enough the first puzzle I played did not enthuse me to the game. But stick with it. It is amazingly satisfying and taxing at the same time. Great graphics. Great puzzles. Some of the mechanics are absolutely awesome. All round winner. Cannot wait for TP2.*editThis is a game that sticks with you after playing it. You want to come back and play more puzzles. A++
,Recommended,257510,21535402,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,NASA,"Excellent voice acting, beautiful enviroments, god-tier writing and clever puzzles. I really enjoyed how the story makes you want to solve the puzzles even more to discover what's in the next terminal.Honest 10/10.ps. If you're buying this, do yourself a favour and get the Gehenna DLC, specially if you are looking for a real challenge."
,Recommended,257510,27149489,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HOT Monkey,Best puzzle game on steam! Even better than portal!
,Recommended,257510,16766700,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,unknowdata,[Before the DLC] One of the best puzzle game ever.10/10
,Recommended,257510,27181766,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CorbecJayne,Westworld is my favourite T.V. show.This is my favourite game.Go figure ;P
,Recommended,257510,27175800,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Adzy,"There is nothing bad I can say about this game, apart from the fact that it ends and doesn't have a sequel yet.Seriously just buy it"
,Recommended,257510,27153211,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Block NL,"Really cool game, innovative puzzles, interesting storyline."
,Recommended,257510,27135767,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lasent,"One of the best puzzle game ever created, in the same league as Portal."
,Recommended,257510,27137766,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tori,One of the best Portal-like puzzle games.
76561198063522281,Recommended,257510,27136756,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ravoria,"This certainly stands out in its genre. Puzzles are solid and there's a great deal of deliberation to the world. It toes the line between meta-aware and immersive at the same time, by showing a simplistic narrative with enough going on under the hood to make the world seem plausible. The ""Gehenma"" DLC in particular makes this one of my favorite games of the year, showing a fascinating and plausible world, and puzzles that the designers clearly thought were too tough to obstruct the main story, but liked enough to make regardless.One particular note on the gameplay, Talos feels fairly precise for its genre. There's no cube tossing and the platforming (as well as some possible abuse cases that might exist in Portal) are subtly automated. The exceptions to this rule are the ""gold stars"", which are entirely optional and therefore if you want them you'll have to do every crazy thing the developers could think of. Hunting the stars is quite satisfying, although I'd recommend saving that for last because if you treat it like a requirement to progress, frustration shall abound."
76561198272225184,Recommended,257510,25709756,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,BABA,Passed every task. Failed my exams. Totally worth it.10/10 would fail again.
76561198031595516,Recommended,257510,18979383,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Tecumseh,Fantastic game. Would recommend to anyone who liked portal.
76561198065642757,Recommended,257510,18983051,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,M'lady *tips*,"The most inspiring part of The Talos Principle is easily its storyline.If you enjoy philosophy, get this game. It isn't earth-shattering in its concepts, but any game that forces you to think introspectively - especially these days - is one to be heavily considered."
,Recommended,257510,18977030,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Mirror Spock,"An almost perfect mix of the cerebral walking simulator, and the old school puzzle game. Talos Principle is fun to play, rewarding to explore, nice to look at, and worth the time it takes to get invested. After some simplistic first few levels, you'll continue to be surprised by the beauty of some of the later sets.The story is dense and requires a ton of reading, but the text is formatted in a way that makes it dynamic and engaging, at least for a while.Would recommend."
76561198117550171,Recommended,257510,14652006,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,tomrhall90,"It's been years since I've really spent time playing any game. But I came across Sigils of Elohim then the demo for The Talos Principle and became hooked. Between the challenging puzzles, the stunning visuals and the compelling story-line, I'm thoroughly impressed. I recommend checking out the color settings. I played most of the game in Standard, but there is a Vivid option which looks really cool.Though I wish I bought it when it was on sale, this game is totally worth its full price. The Boston Snowpocalypse kept me inside for a while and this game was perfect company. I'm just now noticing the Prototype DLC and I'm excited to get home to my PC."
76561198025028942,Recommended,257510,14740114,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Nightwraith,.....Fantastic
,Recommended,257510,14816826,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,R3DWall,"A game that stands alone, it has a unique and interesting character. The puzzles are difficult but so worth it. The ideas help you spend some quiet time thinking about a lot of important topics for us as people. Gives a much needed boost to ideas about conciousness. I respect the message."
,Recommended,257510,14817830,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Haildodger,"It's a good game, but I'm surprised it has an 85/100 on metacritic. I played it to completion, and enjoyed it for the most part. Towards the end it became a bit of grind, but nothing too bad.  I would recommend it, but honestly, I would rate it no better than a 7/10, and realistically more like a 6.5/10.The story line while interesting was predictable from the get go; two of the three possible endings were very obvious, and even the third was apparent after completing building ""A"". The parts I enjoyed the most were reading the random articles, QR codes, and time capsules scattered throughout the game. I found most of the options given to me to use as responses were quite restrictive, and not at all in line with something I would have said myself. I wish there was an ending that allowed you to save some comrades. After all, is compasion not a trait worth factoring in? Also, it would have been nice if they had included a pet kitten for you, or something, given that there's a kitten in my arms on the store page. lol :PGraphically, it's beautiful. Re-playablility... personally, I would say none. I do still recommend buying it on sale and giving a play through. I do not regret paying $30 for it. I wouldn't pay full price though; there's simply not enough value there to warrant it."
76561198018942704,Recommended,257510,14821456,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Blex,"A good game: non-trivial plot, great gameplay, makes to think about the life and puzzles :)"
,Recommended,257510,14824612,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,K2,"Overall pretty awesome game. Some puzzles are very challenging and the philosophical/theological aspects of the game are equally interesting.Pros:- Very visually appealing (looks great!), the serveral puzzle areas have different terrain sets- Voice acting is good (English)- Writing is superb. Dialogs are interesting- Puzzles get gradually harder, some are very challenging, some are easy- Secrets can be crazy hard to find and solve on your own (often they require you to 'exploit' or are pretty hard to find )- took me about 22h to finish (inc. secrets, reading all texts, all dialoge etc; not all achievements though), in comprehension to the price I bought it at it is okay- comes with workshop, so potentially much more puzzles in the future (but empty at the point of writing)Cons:????However, one thing that could be seen as con: if you are not particulary interested in the philosophical / story aspect of the game and only the puzzles or the other way around, it may not be too interesting overall."
76561198135426371,Recommended,257510,14825801,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Xpector2001,since Postal 2 this is the most complex puzzle game i played in years. It is a breath of fresh air.  From  1 to 10 this is a an 11.
,Recommended,257510,14830673,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Tabulation,Portal fans here's your next puzzler! Do not take that the wrong way; this game is no simple Portal clone. It stands on its own merits as a fantastic first person puzzle game with a philosophical twist. I found the puzzles and story engaging throughout and had to explore all this game's endings. Have fun and make choices!!! A+++
76561198041349827,Recommended,257510,27963957,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Red,"I recommend this game to anybody who likes puzzle games, out of the box thinking and a ton of easter eggs/secrets, it even has a system so you can find out if you missed something"
,Recommended,257510,27974556,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LadeSchoko,"I would totally recommend to play this beautiful game.It contains a bag full of emotions.From: ""Oh ♥♥♥♥ off. How is this♥♥♥♥♥♥even working. You can't be this silly. You'll solve this and if it's the last thing you are doing on earth!""To: YES! I made it. I'm brilliant.Surrounded by a great and thoughtful scenery."
76561197960594654,Recommended,257510,27985350,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Anthor,Beautiful atmospheric 3d puzzle game
76561198022630666,Recommended,257510,27990511,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,groo,"Watch or read I, Robot. Play this game. Start doubting your humanity."
,Recommended,257510,27987092,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Darko Polo,Great game! If you are a Portal fan - this is a must-have!
,Recommended,257510,27703348,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,See²,"Great puzzle game with philosophy themes, really great story if you know where to look."
,Recommended,257510,27743904,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,asd,Great puzzle game with a loads of secrets and small little gems around!
,Recommended,257510,25496250,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,UltimateNacho39,"I got this game on a sale not knowing anything about it. After reading many positive reviews i decided to give it i try. The Talos Principle is a first person puzzle game with great story, soundtrack and graphics. This game reminds me alot about Portal & Portal 2 and the puzzles are very fun. i would recomend that anyone interested in this should get it, even at $40 it's still worth it. I have not tried the expansion DLC but i might get that soon as well!"
,Recommended,257510,27760423,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Popog,Fantastic. A++.
,Recommended,257510,23885420,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BADMAN,hurts my brain... good game
76561198115797083,Recommended,257510,27761571,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,VIGILO CONFIDO,This game does everything really well. Only thing I can complain about is a couple interactions are not well explained.
76561198019437917,Recommended,257510,27763391,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,themachine577,Masterpiece.  Must Play!
76561198019391869,Recommended,257510,27605783,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tyrmatfrage,"""Many ages have passed since the first words were spoken in the darkness: 'Initiate Program'...""The Talos Principle is a first-person puzzler like Portal, but with a more somber, philosophical tone to it. You play as a robot awakened and put to task solving puzzles by a booming voice in the sky known only as ""Elohim"". In the course of exploring and solving puzzles in Elohim's ""garden"", you come across fragments of texts and audio recordings that themselves have to be pieced together in order to understand the whole story. The game is concerned with a lot of deep questions regarding the meaning of existence, humanity and civilization, as well as curiousity and free will. The puzzles themselves start off as fairly simple, manipulating switches, boxes and fans, and slowly becoming deviously complex, such as having to creating copies of yourself to ""co-op"" with. Thankfully, the truly brainbreakingly difficult puzzles were left as bonus puzzles that could be skipped. Overall, a satisfying workout for the brain, in more ways than one"
76561198028204240,Recommended,257510,27639979,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TGT | Arfeandel,By far one of the most enjoyable puzzle games i've played in a while.
76561197964540287,Recommended,257510,27645211,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,EZ Smoke Dawg,"As beautifully polished visually as it is mentally challenging, this game melds a delicious combination of baroque puzzle epic  with a darker narrative about existence and Artificial Intelligence.This game reminds me of what games can truly be. Meaningful, immersive, triumphant."
,Recommended,257510,27648176,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Niko Aseni,"Amazing puzzles, excellent story, really immersive environment and outstanding graphics! Can't lose!"
76561198003135640,Recommended,257510,27627196,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kaan128,This game is for to be lost in time and forget anything which troubled your mind. Every puzzles have their own tricks which are sample but you need to see every details in the area to catch the sample tricks. You don't feel as bored even you need to repeat the puzzle area again.Have fun.
,Recommended,257510,27523856,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Black Sheep Of The Family,sick game bro...
,Recommended,257510,27754452,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mortified,"A truly engaging puzzle experience. I bought this game on a whim and abslutely did not regret the decision.If you don't enjoy reading fairly lengthy walls of text in order to engage with the lore and exposition then the story may not be for you, however the gameplay was some of the most solid intuitive challenges I have ever experienced in a game, it may even top Portal for the way it layers new challenges on previously established systems.The only issue I had was the bonus challenges. A lot of these puzzles were solved by doing unintuitive things such as breaking the map or stealing items from puzzle rooms, I had no issues with these they are a fairly clever way of getting you to think outside the box. The puzzles I took issue with were ones which would require you to randomly stumble upon them doing things which you would have no reason to do, for instance: there is one item in the game which you can target at other similar items, quite often the slution to a bonus puzzle would come from finding a tiny pinprick/obtusely hidden target. I did not find these puzzles fun, instead of eliciting an ""Aha!"" they simply brought forth a ""Well how was I supposed to work that out!"" when I inevitably had to look up the solution.The core gameplay is brilliant and I would highly recommend the game to anyone who even has a passing interest in puzzle game, just don't frce yourself through the bonus challenges as they could sully your perception of the game overall."
76561198080145485,Recommended,257510,27726049,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,gman95scott,"A lot of people have compared this game to the Portal series in that it is a 3D puzzle platforming game. In addition to some fiendishly tricky puzzles, there is an engrossing backstory with excellent themes regarding the nature of existence and what it means to be human. There are multiple endings as well, so the replay value is quite high for a puzzle-style game."
,Recommended,257510,27741396,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sasperella,"One of the best and most memorable puzzle games I have ever played. It's philisophical, thought provoking, challenging, and gives you a strong sense of accomplishment for every puzzle you solve. I completed the game in a little less than 29 hours. This game was entertaining as well as an unforgettable experience. I hope to see more games in the future!"
76561198067781880,Recommended,257510,14185449,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,N7 Man,"Got to play as Sonny from I, Robot.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,27557797,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,VIX50,"Beautiful, intriguing and thoughtful."
,Recommended,257510,27575957,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nyan~,"If you like debating what defines being human, while solving incredibly hard as hell puzzles - this is the game for you.Obviously, brain not included."
,Recommended,257510,27583816,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,vampy3k,"One of my favorite games of all time - Thoughtful, beautiful, with just enough puzzles and just enough humor, not to mention the ending(s) are really satisfying."
,Recommended,257510,27584208,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Endursa,If you liked portal 1&2 you will love this one! highly recommend to any puzzle lovers :)
,Recommended,257510,27560723,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,XDjackieXD,Awesome puzzle game with amazing story you discover part by part.Would definitely recommend for people who like puzzle games like Portal (it just isn't as story heavy as Portal).
,Recommended,257510,27561055,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,StarlessAbstract,"One of the best puzzle games I've ever played, one that challenges your mind in more ways than one."
,Recommended,257510,27567969,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,shurik9,Wonderful brain teaser with great story and philosophical implications.
76561198007578655,Recommended,257510,15296562,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Morpheus,"I just wanted to start off and say I don't intend on giving any in depth analysis of the game or pros and cons, I just wanted to share what my experience of the game was and why I was recommending it.It has been a very long time since a game has captivated me like the Talos Principle did, the puzzles can be extremely challenging at times, but if you're struggling with a particular puzzle, you can just abandon it and come back to it later, while you go solve another one.What I found great about the game was that it didn't force you to be a part of the story, if you just wanted to solve puzzles, then it left you to it, but if you wanted to delve more into the story line then it rewarded your curiousity. Considering there wasn't alot of narrative in the game in terms of videos and other cutscenes I still found myself engaging in the the philosophical questions posed by the terminals. Despite not getting many answers it only drove me to play the game even more just to see what was on the next terminal.I can honestly say that I can't wait for a sequel to this game I'd love to see where the development team might take this IP. In short if you just want  to solve puzzles then play this game. If you want an engaging story then play this game. If you want both... Yup you guessed it! Play this game."
,Recommended,257510,27580962,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,John Keel,"Excellent puzzles, very peaceful and beautiful atmosphere, and great philosophical discussions with a computer."
76561198019288141,Recommended,257510,27912824,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kai,"I love this game, it's very fun and makes you think at the same time!  :)"
76561198062823454,Recommended,257510,16527113,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Schmitty,"One of the best puzzle games I have played in awhile without a doubt.  Not only do you think about the puzzle at hand, but depending on how into philosophy you are, it brings up some pretty thought provoking stuff.  The puzzles themselves are great, with a few different mechanics.  Even with the most challenging ones, I never truely felt like I hit a dead end.  All the materials for you are always there, it is just a matter of how you use them.  This game takes what we knew about puzzle games and made it ten times better.  They raised the bar with this one and other studios may have a hard time getting to this kind of level.  So whether or not you love puzzle games or philosophy, this game is worth it, and if you're unsure, at least try the demo."
,Recommended,257510,27916321,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dynamic,"My mind is so confused on everything in it, It has single handedly made me rethink my existence, my religion, and my self. Oh yeah, there are also cool puzzles so 9.2/10"
76561197971329278,Recommended,257510,27953992,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fubez311,This game is absolutely gnarly.  I sat and played for 24 hours over a whole weekend and couldnt get enough of it. Awesome puzzle game with many different story lines depending on your in-game choices. The soundtrack is stellar too. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,257510,27904708,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bully Buster,Utterly fantastic first person puzzle game.
,Recommended,257510,27918570,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bleu Skie,"This game succeeds at being more than the sum of its parts. The puzzles in the game are good, but the story is what grips you.Reminds me of Dark Souls.(Posted for steam awards 2016)"
76561198035878460,Recommended,257510,27890498,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kariu17,"What is the essense of self? Challenging puzzles that test your intelligence. The progression just leads to a deeper, and deeper realization of what you are and who you are. This is a game that you should perhaps play with a book on philosophy nearby. Because some of the questions that you will ultimately ask yourself as you  have profound answers or none. but they certainly have been asked by the greats before, the game does not give you the questions you will form them yourself."
,Recommended,257510,27931468,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,АШР ДНО 1337 ULTIMATE,10 puzzles / 10
,Recommended,257510,27906005,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ash_Hol,"Fantastic puzzle game with a great underlying storyline and setting. This game is non-linear after the first few puzzles so once you get stumped, you can just move onto something else and return with a clear head."
,Recommended,257510,15224662,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,tanelorn666,Fun and addictive FPS puzzler game with nice graphics and sounds. Easy in the beginning but quite challenging as the game progress. There is slight similarity with Portal so if you are fan of those type of games - you will be amused and entertained. :)
76561197977060667,Recommended,257510,15225469,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Scotty,great puzzles
76561197993473943,Recommended,257510,15225985,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,broozar,"Great fun for fans of Portal, Quantum Conundrum, Q.U.B.E. etc. - it looks great, the difficulty is well paced, the philosophy terminals are a nice diversion and there is always something new to discover. It's one of those games where you want to solve just one more puzzle and then it's 2 AM again. Highly recommended!"
76561198031529125,Recommended,257510,15226432,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Papa_Galadhrim,"A lot of puzzles, while God talks to you, in nice landscape of ancient civilizations.What more can you ask for? Works well on Ubuntu."
,Recommended,257510,15226906,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,de_traxx,"One of the best games I played in a while. If you liked Portal, you'll like this. If you additionally like philosophy you'll LOVE this!"
76561198022751934,Recommended,257510,14839138,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Manabender,"This game is...beautiful.It tries to be a game not unlike Portal, and a game that answers the question ""Are games art?""It succeeds at both. This game is an experience that is more than worth its price tag, with a story that asks hard questions about AI and humanity; questions that will become extremely prevelant in the years to come.The gameplay is also great as well. It feels like Portal even though there is no portal gun. Puzzles revolve around a small collection of movable objects and obstacles that are used in almost every combination of ways imaginable.A few objects are:-A jammer. This can be used to remove a force field, even if that force field can be deactived through other means. It can also be used to deactive mines, so they don't blow up in your face when you approach.-A connector. This allows you to connect lasers together. You can connect from/to laser sources, laser receivers, and other connectors, and there's no limit to the number of these things that a single connector can connect to. It's somewhat like the laser redirection cube from Portal, but much more flexible and robust.-A hexahedron. A fancy name for a cube. Used for standing on or weighing down switches.There's plenty more, but half the fun is finding new doodads to play with, so I'll stop there."
,Recommended,257510,15227245,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Daniel.Drache,"Alot of fun, a bigger, better version of portal"
76561198067429291,Recommended,257510,15338893,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Tehzo,"Think of Portal 2 , larger , tons of secrets and easter eggs with deep philosophical/existential foundations.Portal 2 is on my top 5 games (and I game since 1989) but Talos Principle took a place in there and maybe in a higher position.It took me 31 hrs with mild guidance from walkthrough (for some star locations of course). If you try for all Stars and Easter eggs without guidance then this is definitely a 100+ hrs game.IF you manage to find it all on your own...I bought it to ease my Portal 2 itch and found a new King. 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,15344249,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,GloryFish,"A smart, human story ties together a large array of thoughtful puzzles that manage to be challenging but not frustrating. Some puzzles are truly devious but never unfair. The art is lovely, voice acting is sparse and competent."
76561198056197630,Recommended,257510,15345321,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Canucklehead,"Five minutes into this game and I was hooked. The puzzles themselves are simple in their individual parts but already I can see how cleverly they'll force me to think. And beyond the puzzles the setting is infused with this sense of epicness, as though you are a part of something grand. The nods to both classical mythology and Genesis lend themselves to this feel, as does the wonderful music and the sagely voice that guides you. There's a mystery to be solved here, and I can't wait to figure it out."
,Recommended,257510,15317709,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,nonsanaementis,"Very clever, but I stopped reading the consoles about 3 levels in. I'm sure there's fascintating stuff in them. Somewhere. Eventually?"
,Recommended,257510,15317837,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,GodderDam,"Believe the hype! It's a 10/10, no contest!"
,Recommended,257510,15320204,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Merovingian,This was great fun!The puzzles were all doable aside from 2 troublesome levels.The atmosphere felt really intense even though you're set in such a beautifully crafted environment.The texts were interesting to read.I got emotionally invested into the game which is an aspect that is quite difficult to achieve in most games.
,Recommended,257510,15323182,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Asiris,Such a threat! Talos Principle is unexpectedly amazing puzzle adventure. Screenshots don't give it justice you need to try the game firsthand to understand what's the appeal is.While I enjoyed puzzles a lot I didn't expect the game to have such deep story line with unexpected ending if you do the right choices... or rather wrong choices :)Give it a try. I strongly recommend it.
76561197964248913,Recommended,257510,15324773,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,GhostlyEyes,"Great Puzzles, kept me longer than the Portal titles. Lots of additional side stories, too."
,Recommended,257510,15325782,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Heekel,"Excellent Game!Very very good Story underlined by an excellent Soundtrack!For anyone who loves Puzzle Games, I really recommend playing this game!"
,Recommended,257510,15326987,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Xabarin,"If you are even remotely interested in puzzle games, buy this one on this very moment. The game has been one of the most pleasurable gaming experiences in my whole life. The quality of the puzzles, the learning curve, the visuals and audio, the story, the philosophical background... truly amazing. Had I known the game would be like this, I would have bought it on release."
,Recommended,257510,15328111,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,SwearWolf,"This only game embarrassed me for opening all possible endings, finding most of secrets and listening/reading all storyline messages.You will end up with feeling like after Spirited away plust Interstellar multiplied by Portal."
,Recommended,257510,15329179,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,iiGatesey,"The single best philosophy-based, Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥y, puzzle game which happens to be from the team that created Serious Sam. My most hyped game of 2014."
76561197966356155,Recommended,257510,15329401,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Michael,"I highly recommend this game especially for those who are fans of games such as Portal (who isn't).Terrific puzzles that challenge and ramp up in difficulty logically throughout the game. Gorgeous environment art makes the entire game lovely to play.The most impressive part of the philosophy based narrative. It gives a strong purpose to why you are doing these puzzles and really hooked me in. This game dominated my life for a few days because I had to find out the truth of the story. Very intelligent and really made me think throughout.10/10, terrific game and I learnt a lot in the process."
,Recommended,257510,15186194,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,EnderSir,this game really challengess your mind10/10 would be a robot again
76561197993405770,Recommended,257510,15188331,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,claude102,It's a great puzzle game worthy of it's high Meta rating.
76561197979143066,Recommended,257510,15220060,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,smallengineguy,At night I dream of building a house of Sigils. 10/10
76561197984988506,Recommended,257510,15221097,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Deek069,This is a very elaxing puzzle game that looks and sounds amazing.Excellent game and highly recommended.
,Recommended,257510,15221531,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,unfi_zero,"I bought this game because I like puzzle games (Portal etc.)..... Some puzzles challenging, others very easy....I think sometimes I broke the system....like I solved the puzzle other way than what it was meant to....still 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,15223262,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Certifiable,"Very surreal. Mix PORTAL with philosophy, A.I (real deal, forget Skynet and other fictions), nerdy references to Jurassic Park, hints of religion (just enough for plot) and Dummy Terminals full of recovered files and you pretty much have TTP!"
,Recommended,257510,15223313,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Promiscuous Plato,Beatiful game. I have not finished the game due to the sheer amount of content. The puzzles and the world are intirguing--but what captures me most is the deep philosophical issues the game addresses and gracefully answers. Worth the full price.
76561198011943902,Recommended,257510,15224218,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Jon M,"If you like physics puzzles and in depth, mysterious, philosophical plots it would be hard to find a better game than this. I absolutely loved it. I practically could not stop playing until I'd finished it."
,Recommended,257510,26442283,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,000psy000,Great game
76561198120940923,Recommended,257510,24323803,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,LED_ink,"One of the most underated games I have ever playedIt is beyond me that people don't know this game. The Talos Principle is an experience that will make you think harder than any puzzle game not because of its difficulty (which there is plenty of) but because of ideas, concepts, and principles is explores. This is the kind of experience that will make you question at what point does this become more than a game and what ideas being explored can be applied to your life and philosophy.Fantastic 9.7/10"
,Recommended,257510,26358499,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Kusko,Easily the most immersive and thought provocing puzzle game I have ever played.
76561198048405359,Recommended,257510,26437817,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,nuagebleu,"I loved this game ! This is to be a reference in Robots and Sci-Fi.I would advice to not read too many reviews, as a part of the game is to know who/what you are... (And even where you are!)The learning curve was great for me. (Possibly a tiny bit too easy in the beginning). Some side quests are hoever way too hard for me, I hate searching for places for hours. So I did skip it and enjoyed the main game.The game story is awesome if you like robots.The game life duration is perfect, 27h to finish (I dont like when the game is too long to finish).Put simply, if you like puzzles and robots stories, this game is for you !My ranking: Buy at 35$ or lower (2016) if you like puzzles."
76561198010366377,Recommended,257510,26430880,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Maverati,Needs Co-op
,Recommended,257510,26436001,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Der Morder,"Very intriguing storyline and challenging puzzles. The puzzles involved with the storyline itself are gradually harder, but most are relatively easily solved. But when you try to solve the extra puzzles, those are the ones that are really challenging."
76561197979425218,Recommended,257510,26426476,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Medicated,Good puzzle game.
,Recommended,257510,26338052,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Conundrum,"Bought this during a Steam sale (had been on my wishlist for a while) -- Good game, with decent puzzles and a thought-provoking story/plot.  That said, unlike some other puzzle games like the Portal series and The Turing Test, the 'star' puzzles are baffling at times, both in how to get them (thinking outside the box would be an understatement on some), and in some cases even where to find them in the first place.  I don't mind a difficult puzzle, but it does help to have a clue on where to even begin to look (to know a puzzle exists or not)."
,Recommended,257510,26338781,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Blocodonia,"Great game! It will make you change your view about the AI, robots and the future of the humanity.Direct to my TOP10 favourite games."
,Recommended,257510,26336673,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,cYmen,"The story is good.The normal puzzles are a bit too easy.The puzzles for the stars you MUST NOT TRY TO COMPLETE!Some of them are okay but many are just ridiculously stupid. Find-a-hidden-entrance-in-a-dark-corner stupid or point-a-laser-at-a-random-wall stupid. You will ruin the game experience if you try too hard to do these. It's reasonable to just completely ignore them but if you have to don't spend more then 10 minutes on one.So, if you want some light puzzling with a good story, go ahead. If you want some difficult puzzles to crack, don't bother."
,Recommended,257510,26424600,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,FlyHighDandelion,"I haven't finished the game yet, but I wanted to leave a review because I already like it a lot. The narrative is compelling and the graphics are genuinely beautiful. If you're a sucker for AI on the way to self awareness like I am, then you'll love this game"
,Recommended,257510,26408099,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Kryopsis,"The Talos Principle strikes a seemingly impossible balance: clever without being smug, deep without being pretentious. While it is technically a puzzle game, there are layered narratives to explore, characters to argue philosophy with and countless secrets to uncover. This is an engrossing, atmospheric game with a meaningful story and multiple endings. Make sure to pick up the DLC as well, 'Road to Gehenna' easily surpasses the already phenomenal base game. In short, I can't recommend The Talos Principle enough."
,Recommended,257510,26421091,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Glee,Very well done 1st person puzzler with some nice lore for those willing to do some digging and exploring.A must buy for any Portal or Ghost in the Shell fan.
76561197972405331,Recommended,257510,26864971,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,B3r$3rk3r,"Yes! This awesome Puzzle Game makes your mind go crazy. It is, sometimes, a real challenge. So don't try playing it when you are sleepy. But otherways, if you do, you won't be sleepy any more 'till early morning. Go for it."
,Recommended,257510,26862949,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sparks,One of the BEST GAMES EVER PLAYED....
,Recommended,257510,26849126,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JaneMadelyne,"Made me think about life more than the amount of hours I spent playing this. Games like this should come with a warning label. ""You're gonna love it more than you want""."
76561198109724536,Recommended,257510,26807307,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ViLKS,One of the best Puzzle games I have ever played.
,Recommended,257510,26833918,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PenguinTD,The puzzles are good and the plots are engaging. One of the more memorable puzzle game in recent years.
76561198154107290,Recommended,257510,26834509,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kac,"Excellent game, cool mind boggeling puzzles and great atmosphere :D"
,Recommended,257510,26828160,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lunchweek,Wonderful game with great concept and awesome puzzles.
,Recommended,257510,15267946,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Linus Gorp,This game simply is amazing.
,Recommended,257510,15270255,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,thisisldm,"Powered by the same engine as Serious Sam 3, and the mindset of Portal (deal with it, it's like Portal) The Talos Principle puts you in the mind of robot. The puzzles are simple enough, but the calming atmosphere and freedom to explore and progress, completely changes your value of the game. It becomes different from Portal. You don't feel closed off from the world, you're out in the open, exploring who you are and when you're here. A difficult question for a robot. Being spoken to by God."
76561198065929201,Recommended,257510,15273002,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Jasper,Amazing
76561198051702861,Recommended,257510,15273462,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,adenmando,"Its a cool game from what I have seen so far, probably say more later, still in the begining bit, or something like that."
76561198016141515,Recommended,257510,15273642,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,UberGoober,"Imagine Portal but more philosphophical and... yeah it's Portal with no portals. Actually, there are kinda portals, but you don't control them personally. So... get this game if you like Portal. Which you should. Yep."
76561198075389231,Recommended,257510,15274938,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Convolutionist,"This is hands down one one of the best Portal-style puzzle games out there. I think I have enjoyed this game more than either Portal game because of both the gameplay (difficulty-wise) and the background story. If you enjoyed Portal 1/2 even a little bit, then this is probably right up your alley."
,Recommended,257510,15276440,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Kitene,One of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,257510,15277266,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,[OGC] E.C.,Truely awesome!
,Recommended,257510,13521769,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Bastwood,"First-person puzzle game from the makers of Serious Sam? Well pardon me for being suspicious, because when I finally got over myself and purchased The Talos Principle, I experienced a two day puzzling binge the likes of which I'd not seen since Portal 2. Yep, this game is the real deal.Not only is the puzzle design really solid and varied enough; The storyline isn't afraid to delve into the deep end either. The Talos Principle attempts to tackle some pretty heavy philosophical questions such as the nature of consciousness, and while the treatment isn't perfect, it's certainly one of the better ones seen in video games yet.My only gripe lies with the Serious Engine, which I feel is not the best fit for this kind of game since it's built primarily for speed and performance, not beauty. It's a shame, because everything else, starting right from the music, is very graceful and serene in its pacing. The puzzles are never about testing the mechanical skills of the player, just the wits.A late sleeper hit of 2014, The Talos Principle game definitely wormed its way into my top ten list this year."
,Recommended,257510,13522732,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,mzaz,"Great Game. Plays like portal, but feels new"
,Recommended,257510,13526676,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,CapnStache,"Excellent puzzles, insightful story, gorgeous visuals. Must-buy for puzzle people."
,Recommended,257510,13527704,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,winjer,"Bloody marvellous. Properly headache inducingly difficult puzzles. Possibly as good as Portal, and that is saying something."
,Recommended,257510,13529102,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Spock,"By far the best game I have played in a long time.Untill now Portal 2 was the best designed game in my opinion, but I am highly reconsidering that now after playing The Talos Princile.Magnificent gameplay, sounds, light and surroundings."
,Recommended,257510,13531247,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Synthestitch,This game is amazing and very beautiful. I have really enjoyed the hell out of it! Highly Recommended
,Recommended,257510,13532631,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Marcos VCC,"I could say the game is almost a masterpiece. Some puzzles are very easy, kinda introductory, but there are really challeging ones, mainly those related to the golden stars.If enjoyed Portal series you surely like this game too, buy it without think, no repentance for sure.I would give 9/10"
76561197995256960,Recommended,257510,13503278,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,schmonday,"So few games are able to draw you into their atmosphere as well as The Talos Principle. It is easy to become invested in discovering the circumstances of its world, in asserting (and developing) your own philosophy on it. The bits of information you find and the conversations  you have will stick with you for days, mulling over what it means and even what you, as a person, believe."
76561197967571564,Recommended,257510,13530293,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Certari,"A puzzle game with multiple endings?! ZOMG!  But seriously, the puzzles are fun and interesting, most requiring non linear thinking. The difficulty curve is interesting in that you aren't forced to do the puzzles in any particular order outside of there being three major areas. As to the choices in the game, they pose significant questions that cause you to think philosophically as well as logically, bringing a depth to a game genre that usually possesses none."
76561198057470987,Recommended,257510,13634584,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Emo57,Well worth the price.10^(14)/10 would buy again.
76561197993105437,Recommended,257510,13635242,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,I'm very bad.,"Lots of puzzles, some are a bit easy, with a few that stand out as head scratchers."
,Recommended,257510,13492204,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,寿美菜子,Fun game that is just more than a portal clone.Intriguating and addictive. Definately worth the buy.
76561198142186685,Recommended,257510,26929522,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,megant245,"The puzzles were hard but not impossible, the game was beautiful, and the story interesting and engaging."
,Recommended,257510,26924275,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bea,Resolve puzzles while questioning your humanity and a computer mocks you.
,Recommended,257510,26924282,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bwavo,This game has me thinking more than any other game I've played. Insane puzzles
76561197971665427,Recommended,257510,26927542,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,patzi,"A realy catching atmosphere and nice puzzles make up the wunderful mix of this game.Also the story, though not necessary, is well done.Hope to see it in VR once."
76561198155069406,Recommended,257510,19666022,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,pro2000k,"The TALOS Principle is has a strange Story but in a good way, the games mechanics are grate, i spent arount an hour trying to salve 1 puzzle than i realised it was easy, and thats why i cant recommend this game to everyone, if your inpationt or not good at brain teasers than dont buy thisBut if you like to take your time and enjoy a long puzzles, alot of lore and secrets Buy T-A-L-O-S"
,Recommended,257510,26932082,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tshook,a great puzzle game
,Recommended,257510,16762881,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ObscureMammal,Frogs are people too.-- ObscureMammal v99.5.0012
,Recommended,257510,26925145,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tau_Zero,"Satisfying and varied mechanics, clever and difficult puzzles, intriguing world"
76561198114046693,Recommended,257510,26942428,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lushi,An amazing puzzle game well worth your money and time.
76561198008780299,Recommended,257510,26945342,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,6sick6™,o.O
,Recommended,257510,26943900,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Michael Scarn,"The Talos Principle is the best puzzle game i ever played. Puzzles are great,complexity of some levels shows effort put in making those, makes you think outside the box, story is mindblowing with philosophical questions that make you think twice before proceeding.Highly recommend to anyone that enjoys a challenge."
,Recommended,257510,26933880,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FlaminSarge,"This game's pretty darn good. Portal-like, with a trippy story to boot."
,Recommended,257510,26934407,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tfrost.pg,"Awesome puzzle game, thoughtful story and nice soundtracks."
76561197960275352,Recommended,257510,26934775,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fursieg,"A fun, imaginative dive into the magnitude of the implications of post-human civilization, this game desperately needs a sequel or two to go even deeper."
,Recommended,257510,26138570,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,ChaosMango,Amazing.Play it.Now.
76561198041839209,Recommended,257510,26952674,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheBarge,"Great game, lots of well made puzzles with well made locations and a great story. DLC Road to Gehenna is a must IMHO, shows a bit of the ""behind the scenes"" that happens during the main game."
,Recommended,257510,26956299,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zolge,"Amazing story, amazing puzzle elements, beautiful environment, an all around surreal experience"
,Recommended,257510,26957144,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sAIpien,"Amazing puzzle game, somewhat challenging, but not extremely so. Storyline that is intriguing and actually attaches the player to follow rather than just mindlessly solve puzzles. Also bunch of Easter Eggs, like a lot."
76561198001467492,Recommended,257510,25788036,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Alexman,"I really likes that it chalenged me to think really hard about puzzle and secrets completion.Time consuming and really frustrating sometimes, but hey, thats puzzle for ya! ;)Good story, good graphics (even on low requirement computers) and completing the game 100% (around 30 hours) felt really satisfying.Good money investment, especialy if it is on sale!BUY IT!"
,Recommended,257510,30758428,Posted: 26 March,all,Jorgzz,Best game to have a existencial crisis :D10/10
76561197968327853,Recommended,257510,27047311,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mag_linear,Interesting world and mind straining puzzles.
,Recommended,257510,27047618,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IM374LI,Such a beautiful looking game.
,Recommended,257510,27076599,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mangiapiombo,"Amazing puzzler with a deep, layered story about humanity and free will, clever puzzles and beautiful visuals.The DLC Road To Gehenna is a must-buy, it expands some aspects of the story but in a direction radically different from what you'll think."
,Recommended,257510,27172903,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Madman,Honestly one off the best games I played!
76561198086458444,Recommended,257510,27132129,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Punchizor,"This game make you question and think of what it is that makes humans ""human"". What is it to be human?The game revolves about solving puzzles to progress and learning more about the creator of the world and it's history.This is definitely a great game worth buying, though I would suggest buying it on sale because even though it is a great game, the price is a little bit too high for what it is."
,Recommended,257510,27227293,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nightmare.PT,A great story about IA
,Recommended,257510,27227487,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rhaegar Targaryen,"It is a pretty good game. Just started it, and im impressed"
76561198015649153,Recommended,257510,27221702,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Psy⊏h⍛F∤sh,"This is one of the most brilliant games I've ever played!There is so much background story going on and you really need to use your brain to solve the puzzles. Especially the Stars and EasterEggs are superb in this one!and i'm in love with the audio logs you can find, they made me stop playing and just listening to. I listened to some of them again, because they are great <3"
76561198156811385,Recommended,257510,27198432,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The CpK | Farmskins.com,Very interesting game.
,Recommended,257510,27224548,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cagdas,"One of the best puzzle oriented game I've ever played. All assets of the game are made cleverly. I dont want to talk about the graphics because it doesn't matter. It is all about you; your consciousness, perceptions, selections. That's it, just play it right now."
,Recommended,257510,27254823,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sonicelo,"The dept of this game is simply amazing. If you are not really into puzzles, you need to find someone that is and just enjoy the story :)"
76561198005319091,Recommended,257510,18732625,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Spiritus,"One of the best games of 2014.If you liked portal, you'll like this game too, it is worth full price.Every puzzle is solvable with finesse and logical judgment, some of them are especially mind bending."
,Recommended,257510,27251576,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Coffein,"The Talos Principle is a great game in my opinion.The world looks absolutely amazing, but it is also intriguing because it is strangly incoherent, which does however make sense from a lore perspective. Exploring the world will reward you with stars if you manage to find them and a lot of eastereggs, which honestly are way more fun and rewarding.The puzzles are maybe the weakest part of this (puzzle) game. Not because they are not challenging, the Talos Principle contains some really nice brainteasers, which can take a while to solve, but because of their mechanics. They rely heavily on old video game puzzle stereotypes, such as redirecting laser beams, stacking boxes or using a dublicate of yourself. But again, this is justified by the lore, which is why I mind this fact less.The aforementioned lore is the strongest part of the Talos Principle. I have never felt so invested in an obviously scripted discussion. The Talos Principle deals with a lot of philosophical topics ranging from the highly philosopical such  religion, inevitability and destiny to more practical topics such as the nature of consciousness, death, the need of an observer and science. While obviously not providing a lot of answers, the game raises questions which still preoccupied me long after I finished the game.Bear in mind however that nearly all communication in this game is text based, so if you are unwilling to read or if you want to focus purely on the puzzle mechanics, the Talos Principle is not for you.Everyone else gets a thoughtful puzzle game set in a gorgeous landscape, which I highly recommend (at least to everyone who likes the concepts of a thoughtful puzzle game)"
,Recommended,257510,17923964,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,ghmartins,"An amazing first-person puzzle game.With few and simple elements, the puzzles are creative and challenging.The beautiful story sucks you in, while you solve the puzzles, questioning your own existence..."
76561198136235875,Recommended,257510,27252961,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Palermo,"One of the best pazzle games, I have ever played.Very nice, emotional heavy and an awesome plot.You will love it."
76561198039821420,Recommended,257510,27306037,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fahnenmast,Great puzzle game with an even better story.
76561197971200127,Recommended,257510,25497071,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Awesome!,Buy it!!! DO IT NOW!
76561198069375739,Recommended,257510,25491628,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,SeverinaCro,"Hej croteam, kupio sam talosa na akciji međutim sin ga je vratio bez mog znanja, pa budite dobri i udijelite mi ključ :) a ja obećajem da kupujem na slijedećoj rasprodaji, nemam za punu cijenu nisu mi platili još zadnju gažu, teška vremena, :("
,Recommended,257510,25492251,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Cerberus,"TL/DR:Good puzzles, don't mind the nonsense.Pros:* Challenging puzzlesCons:* Half-baked philosophy that often gives you no sensible answers, it looked like it would get interesting for a while then turned into nonsense, disappointing :/* You get pushed into decisions (eg I silenced the doubter because I was given no alternatives, I don't want to destroy someone just because they disagree with me, that ""choice"" was not a welcome one to be forced into)* Doesn't really ever explain what mankind built it all for (maybe I missed it, I didn't get all the audio clips)Overall the cons just meant that I tuned out the story and just played the puzzles. It's still worth getting for them."
76561198017051788,Recommended,257510,25461130,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,moqaze,cool puzzle game
,Recommended,257510,25465747,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,James Ruan,Good puzzle game.I don't love it. I've just been facinated by it.
,Recommended,257510,25464066,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,OLWIKishere,Buy it
76561198118799892,Recommended,257510,25464866,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,XDDARKKNIGHTDX,graet game
76561198269023590,Recommended,257510,25472313,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,HEREWARD,"A good puzzler that likes to mess with your head. I like the way it teases you into making assumptions about the solution to this or that puzzle. You soon learn to strip away any preconceived ideas and from then on it's a joy. Resist the urge to load up a guide every time you get stuck (which you regularly will) and settle down for a good brain workout. On the technical side you might have to adjust some of the graphical settings. I had issues with screen tearing but these were cured by locking the frame rate. Also there doesn't appear to be any motion blur,something I would have appreciated given the speed at which the camera moves."
76561198009902551,Recommended,257510,23678034,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ack0329,"THe tidbits about philosophy and historical understanding of the human psychy make this an  amazing playthrough.  Written with so much THOUGHT.  Perhaps it may even support global peace, HeHE.Puzzles can become tedious but all are solvable. and a lot ofun!!   I would suggest geting written hints to move yourself through faster because there are soooo many.And please support Linux through this AAA game that Vulkan flagshipped as their first game with the awesome Vuilkan API that rivals and even surpasses Windows Directx - ironically and literally a GAME CHANGER for the world of linux."
76561198249811586,Recommended,257510,25427012,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,staplethedog24,"Great!!!Tiny bit too much reading, but I enjoyed the computers for the most part."
,Recommended,257510,25440316,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Bastett,"Engaging game, good ambience, good puzzles. Definitely worth pickup up."
,Recommended,257510,15632582,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Gunstable,"The Talos Principle is a fantastic and truly unique experience, and I strongly recommend it to anyone who likes puzzle games.Gameplay involves using objects in your environment, such as boxes, fans, and ""connectors"", to reach a puzzle piece (""sigil"") at the end of each level. In addition many of the levels have optional star pieces, which are more difficult to obtain and require a lot of creativity and/or careful observation. The overall difficulty is similar to Portal.The game is set in beautifully rendered outdoor environments, and I found myself taking breaks from puzzle solving just to explore. (I had some problems with motion sickness at first, but the sensitivity settings fixed that.) Most of the levels have easter eggs and other features to discover.Overlaying the puzzle gameplay is a story with strong philosophical themes, exploring topics we rarely see in games, like what is the nature of reality, and do I have a free will. You have some genuine choices to make and at least three entirely different endings."
,Recommended,257510,25438263,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MaxPower,Amazing game! alot of thought and work went into this and love how immersive this game is.
76561198075672094,Recommended,257510,25483609,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Chewbacca,"Amazing, great and clean works, no bugs, greats puzzles, great story and background, great animations, greats FX, everything is great in this game.Congrats."
76561198167394879,Recommended,257510,25477924,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Green Elephant,Something beautiful...
,Recommended,257510,25480462,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,arfelo1,"Absolutely perfect. Great story, mix of plain and quirky fun and serious philosophy. Puzzles are engaging with a good difficulty curve, some of them are really hard but non of them get to be frustrating (except a star or two. Completely full of easter eggs everywhere. Also, the DLC Road to Gehenna is awesome too, but that one if pretty hard. And it has workshop maps for if you haven't gotten bored of all the puzzles, but those are mostly almost impossible (at least for me)"
,Recommended,257510,25479936,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,BestKamvret,This game is awesome. Best Graphics but my feeling is dizzy while i play this games.
,Recommended,257510,25473603,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,cwg| Newt Ostrich,holy crap
76561197975997201,Recommended,257510,25483968,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,T.C.R.M.,"This game is thoughtful, challenging, and fun. Its somber atmosphere and serious soul do not detract from the real satisfaction of solving the sometimes infuriating spatial puzzles. The careful and nuanced world building make it an experience on par with the best puzzle games out there. That it takes place in a world both beautiful and vital only adds to what is honestly one of the best games of the past 10 years, and an all time classic."
,Recommended,257510,25413716,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Snnlk,"Looking back, this is still possibly my favorite modern game.Puzzles are excellent. Theme/plot is intriguing. Contains exploration elements.Many many hours of content.The most memorable puzzle game I have played so far."
,Recommended,257510,26809970,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ＦＬＵＩ Ｄ -流体-,This game will challenge you in more ways than any other game can.
,Recommended,257510,26806401,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,alaershov,"The most out-of-the-box-thinking-requiring game ever. Great story, fantastic atmosphere, postapocalyptic robot philosophy about kittens. What's more to wish for?"
,Recommended,257510,26806997,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darawnal,"There are puzzles. And puzzles inside of puzzles. And puzzles OUTSIDE of puzzles. And puzzles two puzzles ago that you need to do to finish this puzzle.DOCTOR, MY BRAIN HURTS!"
76561198003460688,Recommended,257510,26851448,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,~comics,"Masterpiece. I consider it even greater than Portal 2. Cool philosophical story, challenging puzzles, non-linear, a - what else do you need for stand against Elohim?"
,Recommended,257510,26848333,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maxwell Adams,"This game nails everything it's going for.  Great puzzle design, with an open hub setup that let's you run around dozens of different puzzles and tackle them in whatever order you want.  It's got an engaging plot that digs into some heavy ideas about what constitutes a sentient mind.  The engine is incredibly well optimized, and it looks great.  Even the easter eggs are top-notch.  Also, it let's you crank up your movement rate and run arount at Doom speed.If you like puzzles, get this game."
76561198069677248,Recommended,257510,27027321,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Woodfinch,"You know that a game is good when you want to share it with everyone you know even though its most basic premise is diametrically opposed to your own worldview. I believe that the nature and value of a human soul can only be understood by discovering the purpose for which it was created, not by analyzing its behavior (since, hypothetically, every behavior can be imitated). Because they tend to cause arguments, posts dealing directly with religious issues are discouraged by the Steam rules and guidelines, so I won't say any more about that. :) Suffice it to say that I'm the sort of person who could be expected to receive offense from a game like this, but I actually admire it very much. The Talos Principle has profound philosophical worth just because of how well it explains and showcases a naturalistic, evolutionary system of thought. Though it may have failed to comprehend and address Theism in a wholly satisfactory manner, it's still probably the most elegant and satisfying game of its kind ever created."
,Recommended,257510,27021545,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Silver's Titch,"[No to Minimal Spoilers]I've seen people a-like this to Portal, especially when it first came out. They both have puzzles, a big voice telling you to do things, a deeper meaning, and lasers. And while if you enjoyed Portal you'd probably enjoy this as well, go in with a fresh mind not a comparitive one because this game deserves to stand proud on it's own feet.A puzzle game that promotes thinking not just about the puzzles but the story. Many questions not just about how to solve the puzzle, but why? Why should I get into the next area? Why should I search for those well-hidden objects? Why should I try to complete this difficult challenge? Because you want to know more. You might find yourself only wanting to learn about certain tidbits of knowledge, or maybe you'll want to know everything there is to know. But curiosity will drive you, hopefully to an ending you will be at peace with.If you want to think about more than just the well-made puzzle before you, this is the game to do it in."
,Recommended,257510,27030150,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Skeletrijhak,"The Talos Principle is an absolutely excellent puzzle game - nearly everything in this game is designed to make you think about something: whether it is the puzzles you are trying to solve, or philosophical concepts and questions posited to you or piecing together the narrative through snippets of audio and text; something few other games do, and as a result, there is a lot of depth in this very unique experience.As a puzzle game, it has puzzles - obviously enough. The puzzle design itself is absolutely excellent, starting with some very simple puzzles to teach you the mechanics of the game, and slowly getting more complex from there, and it's very good at it - there is very little hand-holding, instead relying on you to intuitively figure out how things work, as it should be in a puzzle game. Though, every time a new mechanic is introduced, such as a hexahedron (it's not a cube!!) or a fan, the puzzles will be a little bit simpler to get you used to the new mechanic and teach you its basics, then returns to the normal complexity and starts mixing in other mechanics to make even more complex puzzles, and then you may get stuck - but that's not really a problem. The game isn't that linear like a lot of other puzzle games - if you get stuck, you could simply go and do another puzzle, a puzzle that might also intuitively teach you something you need to solve the puzzle you're stuck in, and also might make you feel like an idiot for not getting what appeared to have been obvious. That's not all - the game also rewards you for a bit of exploration, as there's more than just the regular puzzles...Scattered around the various puzzle areas and hubs, there are terminals, audio snippets, and QR codes (and a little more). These three things together combine to both tell the narrative of the game, along with Elohim, the disembodied voice, and also to dispense (and discuss) philosophy. Some of these are hidden, so you'll have to explore a bit to find them, though the majority of them won't be too hard to find. The narrative is pretty decent, though not the best part of the game, but - through the terminals - it shines brighter than it does anywhere else, since the terminas are probably the best part of the narrative as well as also being one of the best parts of the game, Never ignore the terminals.The music is absolutely excellent for the game, as well - it's very calming and fitting for the game, even a bit relaxing. Combined with the puzzles and narratives, it fits incredibly well.It's quite long compared to other puzzle games, too, so if you like length, that's a plus.Its DLC - Road to Gehenna - is also absolutely amazing, also dealing with puzzles (that are more advanced than the ones already in the game) and even more philosophy, with an arguably better narrative to it, as well, and is definitely worth your time if you liked the main game.In short - The Talos Principle is an excellent puzzle game, and perhaps one of the best games I've ever played."
76561197995259742,Recommended,257510,27029990,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sargaras,Best puzzle game I've played in a long time.
76561197971190693,Recommended,257510,27028682,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Blackoptics,"This game is a must have for puzzlers. Environments were really nice. Good amount of content/puzzles of varying difficulty. Reminded me of portal in ways, but a totally unique experience of its own. Excellent game!"
,Recommended,257510,26961360,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hudelf,"Rarely does a puzzle game alternate so wonderfully between making me feel like an idiot because a puzzle looks unsolveable, and feel like a genius because I just solved the impossible. Sprinkle in some wonderful philosophical musings on life and existence, and you have a gem on your hands. Easily one of the best games I've played this year."
76561197967885778,Recommended,257510,26953067,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,(┛ಠ_ಠ)┛彡┻━┻,Vulkan on Linux.
,Recommended,257510,16656246,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Krams,Loading review session... DONEMounting local reviews... [2.900] distributed resources foundConnecting steam drives...... Error: network inaccessible.Library review session ready.> listSearching for locally cached opinions....op_graphics  0000/19/06   top_graphics.emlop_puzzles    0000/21/06   tricky_yet_solvable.emlop_plot          2015/22/06   deep_existential_crisis.emlop_bonus      0000/23/06   most_eastereggs_in_one_game.html[ admin@local ]#  open  one_of_the_best_games_and_enjoy.eml> exit
,Recommended,257510,27054249,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZZSmufa,A game designed to teach you the concept of the sublime. A really good puzzle game at the same time.
,Recommended,257510,26997280,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shepherd Grey,"This game is a quirky, almost creepy kind of fun.Proudly submitted for the Steam ""WHOOOAAAAAAA, DUDE!"" Award.You will not be disappointed, if you like exploration, puzzle, or simple storytelling games."
76561198051771706,Recommended,257510,26998384,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MapleCookie,Blew my mind
,Recommended,257510,26998646,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mazzaroth the Pizza Wizard,"This game fills me with such existential dread that I struggle to find the will to play it.This is a good thing.Seriously though, The Talos Principle is a thought provoking, challenging, and beautiful game. It has hours upon hours of replayable content and secrets/Easter eggs galore.There is segregation between gameplay and story, but this separation makes sense in the context of the latter.The soundtrack is a major highlight of this game. It is relaxing, mysterious and occasionally dramatic.On the downside, this game and its expansion pack are huge compared to what I usually buy at 6+ gigs. Downloading it, especially with limited/slow internet, is a hassle.I recommend buying this game on sale unless you feel like paying full price and supporting the devs."
76561198088215165,Recommended,257510,25576652,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,R D H,"I got this game on sale for $10. It took me 25 hours to complete all possible endings (reloading previous checkpoints, not starting over each time). That's already a lot of value imo, and I still want to replay the game so I can focus on the last few achievements.With that aside, the puzzle aspect of this game is great. Some are easy, some are hard. The ""extra"" obtainables (golden stars) usually require even more effort, but somtimes you can find them just by exploring.If you like the Portal games, you will like this game guaranteed. Even after playing 25 hours of these puzzles I just want more. I am definitely going to pick up the dlc Road to Gehenna."
,Recommended,257510,25578459,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Flippy_D,"This is an unbelievably smart game.After I completed it, I downloaded a dialogue unpacker just so I could see every single choice and consequence. It is a testament to the writers that the myriad possible trees are all compelling, sensical and sequential.If you are even passingly interested in puzzles or philosophy, you should get this game.If you like both, why don't you have it already?"
,Recommended,257510,25609066,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,LeonardoM011,"Svaka cast CROTEAMu na ovoj prekrasnoj igri, bas da se zapitas sto covjeka cini covjeka. Bas su mi zanimljivi ti razgovori sa voditeljom knjiznice. Jedino trebate ispraviti nekoliko TYPO-a i subtitle vam nisu bas sinkronizirani(ali nema veze, iskljucio sam ih). E da i neznam za vas ali kad prebacim na OpenAL nemam zvuka (mozda zato sto trebam imat opengl) ali sa directx11 imam vise fpsa"
,Recommended,257510,25628089,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Halfrune,A must buy for those who like puzzle games.
76561198083738400,Recommended,257510,25973060,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,demetsbert,"Engaging combination of a narrative about the nature of conciousness and personality, and a puzzle game. I thought I didn't like puzzle games, but this one changed my mind."
76561198120811876,Recommended,257510,25759849,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,MentalMango,"I without a doubt loved this game. I have yet to finish it but so far I am amazed at how deep the mind games and philosophy go. Philosophy enthusiest and puzzle lover alike will enjoy this game. Runs very well without any snags, great visual graphics, and beautiful music. I definitly recommened the game, and even more so to actually give the game thought. Some of the ideas that come from this game will literally snap your mind in two."
,Recommended,257510,25807233,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ಠ_ಠ,"Enjoyed every minute of it. Some puzzles took me a few minutes, others up to an hour. All were doable and at a good difficulty level.Story is solid and kept me playing as I wanted to see how things ended up."
76561198083632039,Recommended,257510,25796231,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,AZAIZEL,Simply amazing game
,Recommended,257510,25791058,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,swag,Do you like philosophy and spatial  awareness puzzles? Then you will love this game.Very creative puzzles and interesting writting.
,Recommended,257510,25951060,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,mentatparadigm,"Fantastic first person puzzler. I've seen many people compare this game to Portal and while I feel that the comparisons are unjust, I can safely say that if you enjoyed the Portal games, you'll probably enjoy The Talos Principle. It's not a humorous game and the puzzles can be downright fiendish at times, but it's very, very enjoyable. I especially appreciated all of the philosophical underpinnings in the game but if you're not interested in any of that, it's easy to completely ignore it and just focus on the puzzles.Minor Spoiler to save you some frustration: You can place boxes on top of the roaming mines. You're welcome.Finally, a word or 20 about graphics and performance: In short, this game is PCMR approved in every way. I'm playing this in October 2016, nearly 2 full years after its original release, and it's still absolutely gorgeous. There are a wealth of performance options, possibly more than I've ever seen in a game, so you can tweak it until your heart's content. Playing on an i5 6600K and a GTX 1070, I was easily able to max every single option and slider, at 4K resolution, and still get a costant 75-80fps. Awesome."
,Recommended,257510,25951553,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ntlavoie,"Simply the most thought provoking, spiritual, tormenting, and melancholy game I've had the joy of playing. As I write this I'm about 75% through. There seems to be a definite end as mysterious as the end of our own lives. The level of thought and love and philosophy introduced here (all without violence) is unprecedented in games. I'm invested to be sure. I want to see how this ends. It's very rewarding. Plus it looks great and the options go beyond the capabilities of even a gtx 1080."
76561198169826735,Recommended,257510,25948557,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Just,Good mysterious puzzle game.
,Recommended,257510,25948641,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Fregatidae,I'm stuck.11/10 would question my intelligence again.
,Recommended,257510,25490114,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,RuggaFanbase,"fun game, but costs way too much at full price"
,Recommended,257510,25956755,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Chud37,"I was really sceptical about buying this game.  Another Portal? I mean, Portal was soo good.  However it was on sale for GBP 7.49 and I thought I'd give it a go.  I'm really really pleased I did.I'm 18 hours in and I gotta say, I love it.  I love FPS shooters, but this puzzle game really is amazing.  It's so well thought out.  For the most part I can do the puzzles, but on a number of occasions I resort to youtube to find out how to do it because i'd rather progress with the game that get frustrated with it.  But when you do figure something out for yourself, It's pretty amazing.  You really really have to think outside the box.  I can't wait to see what the endings are.  I have absolutely no idea where it's going.  It is truly a game full of mystery.If you like this, I'd highly reccommend playing Portal 1 & 2, and also AntiChamber is on par with this.  But I feel like this is the longest out of them all.  The graphics are beautiful and I get a constant 60fps when running at 1440p on ultra.  If you like a challenge, and a puzzle, or even if you dont like a puzzle and just want to know what the heck is going on, get this game.  It's crazy fun and rewarding."
76561198040558057,Recommended,257510,25957207,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Silletta bolt.gg,"I don't usually write review, but for this one I felt I should. The game is great if you like puzzles and sort of roaming within a strange environment. Fair warning, some topics in this game are heavy (basically everything in world C), but in a good way. I actually felt real emotions once I found out what was happening. Definitely play if you like puzzles and questioning what is happening for the whole game."
,Recommended,257510,27441042,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Avagad,A great puzzle game that manages to tell a story that includes the puzzles without making it feel tacked on.
,Recommended,257510,27437353,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,imdeadinside,"Nominated for "" Woooahh dude "" award. Great game!"
76561198055595040,Recommended,257510,27441252,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,etiennedt,I played this game a couple of months back and feel I am only now ready to talk about this amazing game. It is a magnificant game if you like stretching your mind into the unknown and it will make you question the reality you live in.10/10 would let my mind get blown again!
76561198111324971,Recommended,257510,27436411,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,N2O,Best puzzle game ever!Great atmosphere and story!
,Recommended,257510,16452263,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,mmdanggg2,Simply put: One of the best games I've ever played!The puzzles are fun and challengingThe graphics are georgeousThe story is really interesting and deepAnd to top it off is a really great soundtrackIt's a 10.
76561197960480869,Recommended,257510,26951836,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pajavasara,"Beautiful world, intriguing story and one of the best soundtracks ever provide very majestetic atmosphere. Some puzzles needed more than one go or even some time off but overall nicely balanced. I would recommend, especially if on sale."
76561197971974288,Recommended,257510,26949464,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,üpsni,"This game is simply awesome.If you liked the puzzles of portal and enjoy philosophic problems (maybe a bit more ""grown up""-thing) this is absolutely the game for you.It looks good, it sounds nice (dat soundtrack!!), it's not too easy, contains lots of well designed levels and puzzles and I just can't stop playing it. It's like a drug addiction, but in this case with a positive effect on the brain. I hope...I don't regret a single cent I spent for this game, and if I could anyhow make love with it... believe me guys... I definately would."
,Recommended,257510,15208424,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,J5lx,"WIPThis review is still a work in progress. Feel free to read the finished sections but keep in mind that some noteworthy aspects might not be covered yet.tl;drThe Talos Principle is a great game which sounds great, looks great, performs great, challenges the player on a very well-balanced level, but sometimes fails to fully teach the player how everything works. However that doesn't really matter as long as you're no fool, so all in all this is, again, a really great game and definitely deserves it's full price of 40€.You should play this if you like:Portal, Portal 2Technical RealisationThis is definitely something which isexceptionallywell-done in The Talos Principle. Even with the autodetected settings it looked really great and ran very well, outperforming every other (3D) game I played so far and putting them all to shame (including popular titles like Portal 1, which performs good but has an inferior graphics quality, and Portal 2, which looks good but has an inferior performance) — And by the way, I'm playing on a low-end notebook with just an Intel Pentium processor and integrated graphics. By tweaking the settings manually, I was able to increase the graphics quality even further while keeping the performance on par with those previously mentioned other games. This is why I really appreciate the incredible configurability of the game. I really wish other studios would adopt that — Most of the time I'm just the one who knows best which graphics setting work best."
,Recommended,257510,26944183,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Piskel,"Well... if you're searching a game that can potentially make you go into an existential crisis, it's the good one."
76561198145122838,Recommended,257510,26962003,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kolm,"Talos Principle is a game that start questioning everything and ends questioning everything, each word, each code, each decision in this game can be mislead by confusion, the thoughts behind it makes it one of the best games I've ever played in my life, I will keep it in my life for a long time. There are a lot of things to read, making it a little bit tiring, so it should be played with calm if you want understand the thoughts behind it. Drennan is also one of the best parts in the game."
,Recommended,257510,27015445,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GrayPhantom,Best puzzle game I've played so far
76561198053664528,Recommended,257510,27012440,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,alocker31,"The puzzles are not bad, and the story is very compelling."
,Recommended,257510,27012685,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Willisika,One of the best story driven puzzle games out there.
,Recommended,257510,27013846,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cmdr Koenig,"Nice atmospherics, gorgeous graphics. Some thought provoking puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,27013917,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,no_leaf_clover,"Probably the best puzzle game ever, great story, amazing voice-acting and challenging puzzles!"
76561198032682834,Recommended,257510,27015071,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Progenatorrex,10/10 would argue with robots again
76561197970442646,Recommended,257510,22084650,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Gaius Armlet,..
76561198107952326,Recommended,257510,26986142,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,apple1417,"The best thing about this game is that taking items out of their puzzles is not prevented, and, in a few places, is in fact required."
,Recommended,257510,26992499,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Opressed Anger,"Can't stop coming back to it. After I get bored of it I just keep comingback to it because I know it'll keep me entertained for an hour or two. Play it if you like puzzle games, or if you don't, this will make you think you're into them."
76561198118931755,Recommended,257510,26994429,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Green Bastard,"Puzzles, philosophy and beautiful scenery."
,Recommended,257510,26887315,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stalker,"This is one of the most beautiful games, in regards to ambience and story, that I have ever played.  The puzzles were challenging and fun with a simple enough learning curve that most people could enjoy it.  The story that builds as you go along (a story you can choose to ignore or uncover) makes the game meaningful and breathtaking.  Not for everyone but anyone who loves puzzle games or beautifully sad stories should get this game."
,Recommended,257510,26898798,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Diamond Dust,I'm not sure if I exist or not. This game is that good.
,Recommended,257510,26800591,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,got1,One of the best puzzle games played.
,Recommended,257510,26798473,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nepoxx,"One of the best game I've ever played. Seriously there's not much else to say, this game is a masterpiece. The puzzles are varied, plentiful and have a very nice difficulty curve. The music is splendid and the philosophical story is captivating. Stop reading reviews and buy the damn game."
76561198045820408,Recommended,257510,26819440,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pix212,you will quit gaming as you finish with this one ...at least for one or two weeks ;)
,Recommended,257510,26783097,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RonnieXDale,"One of the best puzzle games ive ever played.puzzles increase with difficulty the further you progress into the game, unlocking new worlds and mechanics making puzzles harder to beat but at a reasonable pace. Throughout the game there is a narrative that asks moral questions which fit nicely with the puzzling and give reason to complete puzzles, when a game world is complete you learn more about your meaning in the game world."
,Recommended,257510,26785572,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥,Imo the best puzzle game on steam after Portal.
,Recommended,257510,26850451,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BujBuj,One of the best puzzle games I've played
76561198012548415,Recommended,257510,26853976,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mavis Cruet,"This was not only an enjoyable puzzle game, requiring excellent problem solving skills as well as some decent dexterity, but also has some interesting philosophical aspects and a good back story."
,Recommended,257510,26855504,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fleischwolf,"The combination of Sound, Level and atmospheric design and the graphics is just WOW.This game scales really well. So if you have an older computer don't worry. This game will still look extremly pretty and run smoothly.Lean back, give it a try and take your time to read the (optional) philosophical story hidden inside the terminals."
,Recommended,257510,17571775,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Andreeeas,"Play it, stupid"
76561198082219425,Recommended,257510,26860432,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sgtdlee,It's the best puzzle game I've ever played that keeps you thinking with allusions and choices made within the dialogue.
,Recommended,257510,26859123,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SureLockHomes Σ.Γ.Α,"This game makes you think. Not just about the countless mind-bending puzzles, but you get a college philosphy course along the way. If you enjoy puzzles or existential philosaphy, this game is for you.However, if you thought Portal 2 was hard, you're in for a looong game ;)"
,Recommended,257510,26859919,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Archivemind,"A good twist on the idea of ""what if robots took over humanity"", but from the perspective of preserving civilization from fading."
,Recommended,257510,26860065,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jeff,"Great Puzzles, Great Philosophical musings."
76561198116362656,Recommended,257510,26857438,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Beaglefoot,This game is a proof that time in steam can be spent wisely.
76561198024982709,Recommended,257510,26896144,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HowDoiShotPortals,"A masterpiece, 10/11.(11 if it had VR support)"
76561198017562210,Recommended,257510,26891036,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,edmondo,"Great game. Great Linux support, vulkan included."
76561198002566709,Recommended,257510,26894647,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Leonin,"Interesting story, gameplay, absolutely amazing soundtrack. You have to play this game it's just so good."
,Recommended,257510,26889519,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,aturqoise,The puzzles are challenging and sometimes the solutions are outside the box. If you take your time and really look around the solutions can be found. Some of the puzzles left me scratching my head at coming up with the solution.
,Recommended,257510,26901702,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Binary Flame,"An amazing philisophical puzzle game. Beautiful environments, excellent soundtrack and voice acting.Do you have to understand what it truly means to be human? Or will you fall to the false words?10/10, I wish I could forget the puzzles so I could play it again for the first time."
,Recommended,257510,26903665,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DarkDronex,"Awesome Game! one of the best puzzle games i have seen in a lot of time, would reccomend buying on a discount since it's not very replayable."
76561198009220571,Recommended,257510,21514594,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,modreap,"It's not many times I can say, honestly, that this is a game everyone should play."
,Recommended,257510,26906689,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CRUTCH KING,Amazing story and ending. Loved every bit of it.10/10
,Recommended,257510,26906743,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Handyman,Really good
,Recommended,257510,26907900,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Festmache,Entertaining puzzles with enough variety.Great atmosphere with beautiful environments.Interesting storyline with thought-provoking philosophical ideas.
76561198017009193,Recommended,257510,26908007,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-=BlindEye=-,"Overall a great grame.  If you take the time to read all the logs,  enjoy a philosophical discussion and  have a thing for puzzles;  you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,257510,21610918,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Horizord,"A mix of some pretty deep philosophy and challenging first person puzzles.If you liked the gameplay of Portal, you'll enjoy The Talos Principle. The puzzles are less rush, but more challenge.The story is a well-written mix of philosophy, religion, and an emotional journey about the last days of mankind.The level design is superb. Each area is beautiful and atmospheric, and the soundscape is excellent.I thoroughly enjoyed this game from beginning to end (or ends; there are multiple endings), and I definitely recommend this game to anyone even remotely interested in it."
,Recommended,257510,21610631,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Faxter,"This might be the best puzzle-type game with an actual backstory to it since Portal.The gameplay feels really good and tight - it is fun to maneuver the world.The puzzles themselves have a nice learning curve and the way the levels and areas are segmented is really appealing to me.Additionally, the graphics not only offer amazing customization options, they also look stunning and work very well with the aesthatically pleasing scenery and environment.The soundtrack and sound design are also well done and complement the game and the atmosphere nicely.The backstory to this game is actually very interesting. You can ignore it almost completely, if you don't like it. Mostly it is communicated through text messages and documents you can read.I like the general theme of Philosophy, Religion and a bit of Mythology a lot.If you are still reading this, and you like a mind challenging game - you should totally get this!"
,Recommended,257510,26979406,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ChemicalToilet,This game will make you question everything you think you know about consciousness and existence.
,Recommended,257510,26580193,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TechnoSparks,"A very very awesome puzzle game! I personally really enjoy the story that this game tells. And being a tech + science fiction lover myself, to know that this game revolves on such genres makes it a lot more interesting.About the puzzles, each of them are unique. Although one may say that the puzzles seems to be repetitive, it is not. Additionally, the puzzles are still challenging and different from each other. As hard as it is, I like how you as the player explore by yourself of how the mechanics of the puzzle work. I.e.,how you can place the cube thing above a mine, and how two different generator rays(?) cannot collide with each other. I also find that some puzzles can have more than one method to solve, so creativity of the player really do have an impact on the puzzle outcome.Plot is extremely interesting. I am not going to spoil them but basically my suggestion is to always read each entries that a terminal may provide, find those hidden terminals, read those QR codes on the walls and hear all of the time capsules. A con for the plot however is that, the content to tellwhat happenedto the humans are lacking. There really is a text file that explains abouta deadly virushowever that's just that. So does the reason of why IAN is established in the first place.Gameplay is quite dynamic as well. With a minor RPG-like elements added into the game, you can actually change how the Milton would interact to you based on what reply you selected.My review might be really boring and non-constructive. Please take it with a grain of salt.I really, really, recommend this game to people who likes puzzle games with a great storyline!"
,Recommended,257510,26974177,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Marachas,GOAT puzzle game
76561198026614016,Recommended,257510,26969551,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zanthax,"Challenging, well thought and enigmatic. A truly enjoyable game."
76561198095417395,Recommended,257510,26779420,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tinky Winky,Nice portal-like puzzles and mindblowing story.
,Recommended,257510,16479700,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Engyne,"Philosophy in its purest stateAn amazing experience that will make you ask yourself all those questions you've ever had about life and humanity. The game itself goes over very deep topics, this means that the player must be a person who like to stay calm, read and explore all he can get or reach.The story is based in the mystery of not knowing what the hell is happening. Every time you get information about who are you, or where you are, a new theory comes across your head. It's magic.The Talos Principle remains between reality and fiction in the genre of puzzles. While the gameplay is simple to understand but hard to reproduce, with few mechanics that work together (making the game frustrating some times), the graphics, effects and scenarios are excellent crafted and really beautiful. But clearly what highlights is the wonderful narrative and story.It is the first game in which I do not want to play the actual core game, instead find more information, stories and people thoughts in each area.The game suggest in a sublime way the future of artificial intelligence and the infinite possibilities of a virtual universe, while questioning our own universe with elaborate theories, really creepy actually Questions about life, death, consciousness and how humans act in front of a machine depending on the level of consciousness it has, instead if that machine is alive or not. Raises impossible questions that will encourage more and more to end as quickly as possible to know how the story end. Keep in mind that The Talos Principle has different endings based in your final choices.An AMAZING game, with interesting gameplay. Only a bit repetitive in the final puzzles.It deserves to remain in the list of the best games in history, along with Half-Life, Portal or Bioshock, among others.TL;DR:Require a very patient and explorer player. Good gameplay, Awesome story. Replayable.Rating: Indispensable to play"
76561198083576954,Recommended,257510,19326826,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Azarath,"After 11 hours playing this game after buying it 66% off, I can definitely say it was worth the amount I paid, and maybe the full price too but i'm not so sure. One of the things I most enjoy about this game is how much it makes you think. I'm not just talking about the puzzles in the game, I'm talking about the overall picture, the big questions that the cames makes you think about.-what constitutes a person-should you always follow authority-who can be trustedits a very thought provoking game especially if you are interested in things like philosophy.8.5/10 would reccomend"
,Recommended,257510,19290713,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Frida,Sublime indeed!
76561197967466293,Recommended,257510,19274418,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Pirate Jeff,"Awsome first person puzzle game with a mysterious philosophical back story.The puzzles are well designed and can get pretty hard. Play this well rested cause otherwise it could melt your brain.The puzzles are good but the story is also a big part of what makes it great. You will want to play it till the end to discover the truth!If you like Portal 2, this is a game for you."
76561198120126288,Recommended,257510,19313007,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Essadon,"This is one of the best puzzle games I have ever played. The philosophy is kind of laymay-ish but that doesn't matter. The puzzles are really well made and some of them are damn near impossible. Along with the amazing atmosphere, beautiful scenes, matching soundtrack, and how well made the game UI feels... this game is amazing. It just works so well and intuitive; no need for tutorials as most of mechanic is self-explaining as you go along,10/10 Would spend two and a half hours on a puzzle level again"
76561198117853174,Recommended,257510,19303783,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,IIKilling JokeII,If you want to have an existential crisis then purchase this game.
76561198078226931,Recommended,257510,19273436,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Mattsociety,"Excellent Game! It is a great puzzle game and very philosophical. The plot is excellent, and the game is a joy to play after a long day at the office. It often feels like more than just a game, and reminds you of what is more important in life."
,Recommended,257510,13634293,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SpicyChai,"An absolute masterpiece! Stunning and serene visuals,  beautiful soundtrack with an intriguing storyline with fascinating philosophical concepts which contrary to what many people have said (presumably as they’ve not played the game to completion) interweaves perfectly with the puzzles. Can’t recommend highly enough, 10/10!"
76561197999471542,Recommended,257510,15003417,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Dragos Ra,"Awesome game, very different, mysterious, beautiful scenes, and full with funny easter eggs.One thing I didn't like: some star puzzles are too hard, and you need things outside of the game, like a smartphone and internet. This doesn't make sense to me, and not all people have a smartphone."
,Recommended,257510,19213947,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Omar,"The Talos Principle has beautiful environment, amazing soundtrack, compelling story and makes you brain bleed.What more can you ask form a puzzle game.The original games is between 20-22 gours without the DLCs."
,Recommended,257510,19203557,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,fajnalowiec,"one of the best games I've ever played. 11 out of 10 definetely! It's the piece of art that you still thinking about, even when you are not playing it, or you just finished. The game suprised me over and over again with every aspect from the plot to the riddles. I thought I've seen everything what you can put in the game but thankfully I was wrong. Thank you for the wonderful time I had, for the pride and joy I had while solving the puzzles, for the anxiety I had while getting to know and understand more and more. Good for me that there're stil some things for me to see (easter eggs + DLC) so I'm not gonna leave it so easily. Good job and you are on the top devs for me from this moment. Keep going. All my fingers are crossed for you :)"
,Recommended,257510,19210377,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,|DI| Trid,"Pros:Seemingly deep lore, strong religious/philosophical themesGenuinely confusing storylineLotsof puzzlesWide range of difficultySeamless controller supportVery well optimizedAbsolutelygorgeousenvironmentsCons:None. I cannot find an objective, or even semi objective negative thing about this game. The only problem I have is that I am a completionist and it really irks me when I cannot find a star or figure out how to get into a certain area.As soon as I loaded up the demo and experienced the combination of stunning visuals and solemn voiceacting I knew I had to buy it. This is the first game ever that has given me goosebumps. Even after playing it off and on for several months I am still rather lost in the story. It does not hold your hand. It isn't hackneyed and obvious like other games, where it is clear which responses and actions lead to which outcomes. I feel like a swimmer lost in the dark, blindly groping for something solid.There are two main puzzles in the Talos Principle: tetromino puzzles and world puzzles. The first are essentially rearranging tetris pieces to fit the given rectangle. The difficulty is based on the number and size of the area, however different people will find certain combinations easier than others. These puzzles are used to unlock extra tools and gates. The world puzzles take place in the regular world and use the jammers, relays, cubes, etc to get the PC to their goal. There are a LOT of these puzzles and they range from very easy to extremely difficult and convoluted.At first I played the Talos Principle at my desk using a mouse and keyboard. It was very precise and offered an enjoyable experience. However recently I wanted to play it on my large screen television, which necessitated the use of a controller. I grabbed an old Logitech model I had laying around and it worked perfectly. There was no fiddling with game options or keybindings- I simply loaded up the game and the controller worked. While it is not as accurate as a mouse and keyboard, it works well enough for playing.The PC I am using the play the Talos Principle is a Lenovo X230T with an i5 3320M and 6 GB of RAM. I have used both an HDD and and SSD with this laptop, and the loading times are significantly lower with the SSD, despite the HDD used being a SATA 7200 RPM drive. Though the laptop does not have a dedicated GPU, with tweaked settings I have gotten 35-60 FPS while maintaining a very high display quality. The visuals in this game are simply stunning.I have not even come close to beating this yet, but even if the game ended where I am now, I would still consider it more than worth the money I spent on it. If you like puzzle games at all I HIGHLY recommend you purchase this."
,Recommended,257510,19206916,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,否デブ女 - S T A R G A Z R,"This is a philosophy book disguised as a puzzle game. It starts by putting you into a world and gives you a divine purpose, and then before you know it you've found yourself in a full on probe into the nature of humanity. Along the way it presents you with puzzles that range from the relatively simple to the extremely difficult, along with a ton of additional side puzzles that are even harder. A fantastic buy for anyone who doesn't mind putting a lot of thought into a game."
76561198032247273,Recommended,257510,19175400,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,STB,"After logging a few hours (205+), I can honestly say I may like this game.Played every ending from scratch.Bought all the DLCs.Listened to the voice of God.Listened to the voice of the Deceiver.Listened to the voice of that woman after I ran through the objects that were not really there.Obeyed, disobeyed, and was able to steal objects from one puzzle to use on another.It felt great and I laughed maniacally about how clever I was.Then I was ridiculed by Serious Sam.Drowned in ice cold water, got buried alive, was blown up, shot, and fell off a few cliffs.I think I even fell off the world once.Landed so hard I saw stars and kept running into geometric shapes.Solved so many puzzles my head is still spinning.Still love bashing things with crowbars, of course.But I have developed an aversion to red and blue lights. Not sure why.Found the keys to the kingdom.Saved my generation.Destroyed my generation.Sacrificed myself for others.Sacrificed others to save myself.I even left one poor slob to rot in prison.Ultimately, though, I unlocked the truth about my existence.My only regret?I may not have found all the secrets, but I found the most important one. Huh, Kitty?I want more.Kitty says she wants more too.More puzzles.More objects to solve them.More places to fly.More secrets.More worlds.More towers.More DLCs.More Talos Principle, please.I must be a masochist. :)10/10"
,Recommended,257510,19202485,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Hey Steve!,"The Talos Principle is amazing, it's a first-person puzzler, if you've played Portal or its sequel then it's quite familiar. The puzzles are fantastic and the difficulty curve is good, though you might have to look at some hints (I'd advise against full-on guides, it spoils the fun) to find absolutely all the collectibles.The graphics are more than sufficient, yet won't require a beast of a PC to play.The sound is very well done, ambient music which sets the scene well and the voice acting is good.The gameplay is where this game really shines, though. If you like lateral-thinking based puzzles then this is for you. The feeling of solving the complex mind-bending puzzles is fantastic and really gets you thinking out of the box later on in the game.The story / premise is very good, too. It's relatively serious and philosophical.There are regular auto-saves (and a list of them, so you can return to any of the previous ones, not just the most recent one) and if you ""die"" then you're resurrected and the puzzle is reset, so there's little pressure to get it right first time.The only downside I can think of is there's little replayability, but that's inherent with all puzzle games. If you leave it a few years then you might forget the solutions, but I think it's most fulfilling the first time you play through the game. There's plenty of secrets and optional things to collect, so once you've finished the basic ending, go nuts and get everything."
,Recommended,257510,19201827,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,hehe xp,The ladder climbing in this game is really good.
76561197995259669,Recommended,257510,14438172,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Mahaha,"The game is predicated on applying lateral thinking to increasingly complex enigmas based on a small but amazingly elastic arsenal of gadgets.Play it.If you even remotely liked portal, this is a must."
,Recommended,257510,14438483,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Luxion,"TLDR near the bottom of my review!The Talos Principle, as you can probably tell from all of the other reviews, is a puzzle game that adds philosophy into the mix. The puzzles are very much like Portal and other games like that, but they still provide a decent, and sometimes frustrating, challenge. Not to mention the beautiful graphics. Jamming electric walls, connecting lasers, fans and boxes, this game has it all. The philosophy, however, is where this game really flies.Every now and then, you'll see some computer terminals scattered around the levels. These terminals contain 3 ""documents"" each, and these documents contain some ideas and concepts that are very interesting to think about. The documents also give insight into the ""story."" Sure, it's a lot of reading (Okay, A LOT of reading) but if you read all of the documents you come across, you'll have a much better time with this game. Every so often you'll even get to ""talk"" to the computer about certain philosophical principles, very much like talking to an actual person. Each dialogue choice you get represents a different way of thinking. Only a few times I was disappointed by the dialogue choices I had. Every time it gives you a decision, I legitimately thought about it, not just a ""Eh, let's do this,"" but a ""Okay, let me think about this for a minute,"" decision. Overall, this game is a must have if you enjoy puzzles or philosophy. Even if you don't, give this game a try. It is definitely worth the time and money.The only bad part about this game is the hint system. You don't unlock the hints until the later game, and it's about 20 minutes of work for one hint that probably isn't helpful.TLDR:Pros: Great puzzles, great graphics, great narrative, debate philosophy with a computer.Cons: A little too much reading, bad hint system.Overall: 9.7392156/10"
,Recommended,257510,14441744,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Grim,"DO NOT rush for the finish line!Take Your time, get enveloped in the interesting story, explore the awesome environments, read the QR codes, find the secrets and definitely have a chat with the ""Milton Library Assistant"" (honest replies usually yield the most amusing results :} ).Take all the information You've gathered into consideration when deciding where You want Your finish line to be.Great game - well worth the time and money!P.S. Don't forget to shout ""Here's Johnny!"" when You enter the gates of 'heaven', axe in hand, in search of Elohim."
,Recommended,257510,14442908,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Turtle,"Really cool puzzles and interesting story.Pros: Feels a little like Portal, graphics are beautiful (artwork is amazing altogether)Cons: The way the progression unravels is kind of counter intuitive which would be fineif it was easier to track what you've done in what area without running around a bunchand waiting for loading screens. This might just be the way I saw it, but it kind of turnedme off from finishing the game cause I found myself wasting 10 mins to check if I hadfinished something else.I am bad at writing pros, but the game is fun an TOTALLY WORTH IT IF YOU LIKE PUZZLE GAMES.Cons could easily be fixed by now as well since I am reviewing a couple weeks after having played."
76561198067620930,Recommended,257510,14318063,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Blucario,"The Talos Principle is a great game with a few glaring flaws. If you enjoyed Portal or Portal 2, you'll enjoy it, guaranteed. Filled with a metric ton and a half of puzzles, a few hidden easter eggs, and an AI to argue philosophy about.  The puzzles in particular shine brightly, and many are carfully crafted -- except for a few. A few select puzzles, namely Whole Lotta Jammin' and Egyptian Arcade were just infuriating, as they only incude long sections that drag on, filled with instakill enemies, and no checkpoints at all. I had to redo them multple times and only got bored and frustrated. All in all, The Talos Principle is a good game like Portal, with a few more flaws.8.5/10"
,Recommended,257510,14325519,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,feri,This one quickly became one of my favorites
76561198036365390,Recommended,257510,14305396,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Archranis,"Excellent game!!  If you like Portal/Portal2, or Myst, you should enjoy Talos Principle.  As you play through higher levels, the puzzles include additional tools you need to use to solve them (and you have to unlock the tools, occasionally). You are truly interacting with an environment -- you can place objects wherever it is legal to place them.On the negative side, some of the things you need to complete a puzzle are too well-hidden (at least for me) -- and I seriously doubt that if you didn't spend time crawling over every inch of the play area, walls, etc., that you'd ever find them.  Like a passage hidden in the shadow that you can't see -- you have to walk into it to know it's there.  Or the lever that's so well hidden behind bushes that until you get right on top of it, there's no way to see it.  Stuff like that. To me, it's very frustrating that I have to _find_ the puzzle, before I can _solve_ the puzzle.  And some of the ""star"" puzzles are so much of a stretch to figure out what the puzzle is, I think it would be impossible without help from the internet.I haven't been able to determine the purpose of the computer terminals -- if it's just about back story, or if they have something to do with the puzzles.Best comment I can give:  If these guys publish another game like this one, I'm most probably going to get it."
,Recommended,257510,14305755,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,chazzlabs,"Clever puzzles, beautiful environments, and an incredible story.  And if you're a fan of Serious Sam, you'll love the plethora of Easter eggs throughout."
76561198001739914,Recommended,257510,14308808,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,zyga,"Recommended.Talos is a greatly rewarding experience. It's a puzzle game mixing traditional logic challenges with modern, gorgeous 3D graphics and fantastic instrumental music. The plot doesn't get the centre stage but is interesting and has some non-linear twists that make it a joy to replay the game.There are three main areas of the game connected with a hub (which is pretty big in itself). Each area has a distinctive theme: ancient Rome, ancient Egypt and medieval-like. The central hub is an ice desert / wasteland / mystery tower combination.The player is sparingly guided by the voice of the mysterious ELOHIM who seem to have god-like properties. Without giving away the ending and revealing the truth behind the story I can say that the player is given subtle hints about the reality that he or she occupies.I particularly liked conversations with the DOS-like library assistant. This is a mini-game in itself and a gem to those that enjoy a rich back story and a fair share of reading. This may not be a taste for everyone so don't feel discouraged as you can safely skip most of that if you want to.The only thing I would like to see improved is to make the difficulty level of some levels more even. Especially in the later parts some very levels were next to rather easy ones (or perhaps I was just lucky?). Given the architecture of the game changing that might be difficult as levels interact with one another in non-obvious ways so I don't expect that to change much.Pros:- great game play with rewarding and interesting puzzles- very good graphics, voice and music- multiple endings- lots of puzzles (nearly 140, if I recall correctly)- game for all ages (no pointless violence)Cons:- some uneven puzzles- some things are very hard to find without helpOn the last negative item, I would argue that those hard-to-find elements are entirely optional and are a joy to find if you like that sort of fun."
,Recommended,257510,14333671,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,TrickyL,"Fantastic. Great puzzles, good characters and a well realised story."
,Recommended,257510,14335313,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Jinxology,"Amazing game, love every minute of it."
,Recommended,257510,14181559,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,interzoid,"Great writing, challenging puzzles.  Right there with Portal 2 as the best FPS puzzle/platformer ever."
76561198005808317,Recommended,257510,14184000,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,AmazinRazin,I've played about an hour and a half of this game. I have to say this game is probably the best game I've played in a while. And I play a lot of games. I'm also a Let's Player and I am currently doing a LP of this game. I love the game. I would recommend this game to any one of my friends.
,Recommended,257510,14184600,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Re'Animated,"For starters, it's a puzzle game. You don't see very many of these anymore. Of course there are a bunch of puzzle games in the indie community, but this game was made by Croteam; creators of the Serious Sam franchise.Each puzzle is sort-of separated in its own little, boxed-in area. You solve the puzzle, collect tetris piece-looking thing, and move on to another puzzle. Once you collect a set of sigils, you use them in a lock. So while the puzzles are separate, they kind of come together in the end.What's really interesting about this game though is how the story itself is a puzzle as well. In addition to this, the story deals with a lot of philosophical themes and will constantly have you questioning what you do. The game doesn't just tell you the story as you progress through the game. You have to go out of your way to find various things in order to figure it out for yourself. Computer terminals provide documents for you to read, and a snarky AI challenges everything you do.The game doesn't hold your hand at all. You have to figure out how to use the various devices thrown at you throughout the game. It works wonderfully. Of course, the game can get devilishly difficult at times but level creation in this game is absolutely brilliant, and shows how much hard work was put into this game.All in all, there's a ton of content in this game, and a lot of different things going on that you don't see in modern gaming. Croteam took a genre that isn't getting much love, and absolutely crafted a masterpiece. I really am enjoying my time with this game."
,Recommended,257510,14186102,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,lenox013,"This game is amazing.The puzzles run from relatively easy to mind-alteringly complex. There were a number of times that I would leave a puzzle frustrated, do a few others, maybe take a break, and then come back and try it again only to smack my forehead at how simple the solution was and that I didn't see it before.It has what I consider the best quality of a puzzle game - frustration. Some of the puzzles will simply frustrate you to no end. You will get a bit upset, leave the game alone for 30 minutes or an hour, and then turn it back on to try it again - ""It can't beat me . . . it WON'T beat me!""Add to the wonderful puzzles some beautiful scenery, tranquil music, and a rich storyline that will make you think - not just about the character, but about how you think as well.This is a must own for puzzle gamers - and philosophy students..."
,Recommended,257510,14187322,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Malethos,"If you like puzzlers, this is a game for you. If you like thoughtful puzzles- all the better. Throw in some interesting philosophy and you have a game that, like few others, reaches deep and asks you to think about that which makes us.... us.This game is loaded with fun easter eggs, and is flawlessly exectuted in mechanics and aesthetic.My two complaints/ words of caution: There is quite a bit of text to browse through, and some of it is actually necessary to read in order to get 100%, since some of the stuff offers hints on how to discover certain secrets, or unlock certain areas. If you don't like reading - this could be a pain. But for all that the writings are usually fairly interesting.My other gripe: There are three endings to the game. One is hard to get and its not even the best one. Seems a little backwards. The hardest ending to get is clever, but overall very unrewarding.... but maybe that was sort of the point too. Hard to say with this game. Play it!"
76561198021974294,Recommended,257510,14190591,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,crashlanding87,"Take portal's physical puzzle solving funtimes, and throw in a world so delicately crafted it would have made Ray Bradbury proud. I have not been as obsessed with a game in a very, very long time.The attention to detail is absurd. My jaw drops about once every 30 seconds. (for a fun little bit of amazingness, try walking off the edge of one of the levels).Basically, whatever you're doing right now (which is, presumably, reading this review), stop it immediately and go play this game.Your job, taxes, family, the toilet... all that can wait."
76561197975115094,Recommended,257510,14195431,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Wolfhound,"I hesitated to buy this at full price, but after playing the demo, I decided not to hold off for a sale.Good call, Wolfie baby...As others have said, The Talos Principle is a bast*rd child of Myst and Portal, brought up in a home where dinner conversation ranged from Philosophy 101 through AI Ethics and Theology to The Egyptian Book Of The Dead.The puzzles will make you feel like a complete imbecile and a total genius in equal measure.Two brief snapshots of why I love this game, and highly recommend it:1) A particular puzzle (involving the record tool which allows you to play co-op with yourself) had me bamboozled for an hour or so. I tried all sorts of approaches, gradually working my way towards a solution.But I was a maddening one button-keepy-down-thingy short, and couldn't get that last force-field open.So there I was, tapping my head lightly on my desk, moaning ""What am I missing? What am I missing? What am I mi... The FAN!  I can take the feckin' FAN while recording!!!"".Problem solved, huge grin on face, idiot-genius emotional overload.2)There once was a brilliant AIWhose circuits were built not to fryIt got caught in a loopIt got caught in a loopIt got caught in a loopThat's worth €39.99, right there."
,Recommended,257510,14173817,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Tsuki,"If you like puzzle solving, this is a game for you. Gameplay is similar to Portal...without portals. The difficulty of the 100+ puzzles starts as trivial, but later picks up to ""frustratingly challenging"". Even if you are a puzzle solving pro, a large portion of these will force you to think in ways you are not accustomed to.The game looks amazing and runs extremely well. The music is also stellar.The story of the game is told through various documents and audio logs found on computers and around the game. I personally found the story extremely interesting. Sure it's not cinematic, but the text and audio logs really paint a picture of what the world is like. They depict humans frighteningly well.Overall, I would recommend this game. Nothing beats the satisfaction of solving a puzzle you have been contemplating for over an hour."
76561197972083774,Recommended,257510,14214925,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Dangle,"Very fun game.  If you enjoy puzzles, you will like it."
,Recommended,257510,20916683,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Karrs,"The Talos Priniciple is an amazing experience that any person should play. While the normal price is quite steep, there is a lot of content to justify it, should you choose to complete every possible puzzle you can in this game. Let me begin by saying that for a puzzle game, it starts off pretty easy (i'm assuming as a way to get the player comfortable with the mechanics) and progressively gets harder as you get further in the game.  However, I found that the value of this game (at least in my opinion), didn't mainly come from the puzzles themselves, but the archives and interactions you have with the Terminal (Milton Library Assistant).I have to point out that these interactions with the terminal really gets the player to think about not only their choices of who they want to become in the game (or who you are as a person for that matter), but also philosophical and moral questions including concepts such as what it means to be a ""person"", deontology vs. utilitarianism/consequentialism, etc. It really brought a high level of insight that I haven't experienced in any game, and for that, it gets a very positive review from me.Overall, I would highly recommend playing this game, and these are the scores that I would give this game based on two categories:- As solely a puzzle game: 7/10- As an experience as a whole: 9.5/10"
76561198083237283,Recommended,257510,20905195,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Placidia400,"The Talos Principle is a logic based puzzle game.  The basic idea of each puzzle is to gain access to a room through an electric barrier of some kind. You can disable the door in one of two ways: using a jamming tool or getting power to a receiver.  Each puzzle area gives you a few tools and a number of obstacles. There must be close to 100 puzzles, all based on the same small number of principles. And yet, it doesn't get dull.The game is gorgeous to look at and the soundtrack is atmospheric. It's a treat to play. The puzzles are also accompanied by a story line. The story line does not help you solve the puzzles, but it adds to the interest in solving them. At first, the story seemed a bit weird, but it actually gets very moving as you progress through the game. There are several possible endings to the game, all of them satisfying from a novelistic perspective.There are no technical issues with this game; at least, none that I encountered. Nothing crashed or broke.  It just worked. The game is also fairly kind to the player. Some puzzles require that you move quickly, but nothing depends on hair trigger speed, or precise aim. If you know, in principle, how to solve a puzzle, the game mechanics will typically reward you with victory. The only frustrating thing was that if your character dies during a puzzle (which can happen), you are respawned at the beginning of that puzzle and have to go through it all again from the beginning. You can't just save your game before the tricky bit and reload until you get past. But none of the puzzles are super long, so this is not much of a problem.I enjoyed this game, but I don't think I will it through a second time. So if you like games with lots of replay value, this is probably not for you.  But if you like logic puzzles and a good story, I recommend The Talos Principle."
76561198141674394,Recommended,257510,20903308,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,TORVAS,The best puzzle game I have ever played.
,Recommended,257510,21266368,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Phaze,"THE most thought provoking experience. Philosophy combined with artificial intelligence will compose a new world view for yourself. The puzzles are relaxing with soft music, yet progressively difficult. The Talos Principle has a fascinating and compelling story that unfolds as you go along. The graphic options are abundant, and even my high end card had a nice run. Lots of hidden easter eggs and difficult secrets. Overall around 20 hours to complete, however, it is like a great book were at the end you don't count the pages you have read, instead, you soak in the experience that left you speechless.+ VULKAN support!!!"
76561197993548532,Recommended,257510,21262219,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Crowley,"Truly exceptional puzzle game with a wonderfully atmospheric story, which is elegantly told. A real gem."
,Recommended,257510,21313284,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ShizukuXS,"This game,oh boy,this game...you know you're in for a very deep philosophical rabbit hole when a terminal asks you why you want to know about ""persons"" and proceeds to prove why you think you're a person,i got answered back something around:""While that may be true, but to me these are just letters on a screen i'm talking to, for all i know you could be anything,i'll get back to you once i think i know what you are."", 10/10 would get beaten in a philosphical discusion by a screen on a stick again (>->)=b"
76561198021313713,Recommended,257510,21312806,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Tuoni,"Fantastic puzzle game. I love human interaction so the puzzles became a little more than I like. But this game was well worth playing. The story is hopeful (don't want to give anything away) and reminds me of how amazing human beings are. Puzzles were easy at first and then get very hard toward the end. Wonderful game, very happy I played it."
,Recommended,257510,21282376,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,suroh7,One of the best puzzle games I have ever played.
76561197970506995,Recommended,257510,21303536,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,[Cofr]Screamy,"This was worth every penny, to me.   I vaguely reminds me of Portal/Portal 2 and even pays homage to them in some hidden easter eggs.   In the Talos Principle,  you can clearly see that you're in a robot body,  but you're trying to figure out if the world you seem to be trapped in is 'real' and if you are in fact a person trapped in a robot body (Sealab 2021, anybody?).   The entire game is puzzle based,  but I found the puzzles to be engaging and fairly unique.  You earn varous 'sigils' (think tetris pieces) by solving puzzles, where the sigils unlock new levels in the game as well as unlocking devices which help you complete more advanced levels.A lot of back story is slowly unlocked by interacting with computer terminals scattered throughout the game and playing Q & A with an online persona (again, you're not sure if it's a human or AI).   The games ends up having you questioning  the nature of conciousness and what it means to be human.If you enjoy clever puzzles sprinkled with a healthy does of philosphy and SciFi, the Talos Principle is for you!"
76561198055795011,Recommended,257510,21283314,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,↓ʘmega↑,"Yeah, the gameplay is very smooth and addicting and whatnotBut what really sets this game apart is the text you find along the way. This game is actually a very intricately designed front for an intense psychological debate about the true meaning of conciousness and existance. Go ahead and solve all those tests; the real puzzle is going on inside your mind."
76561198055431344,Recommended,257510,21290639,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,BOBONATOR2,"(Great game, 10/10, you need this in your life, yada yada. What follows are the 3 reasons it's not perfect, but could have been had those reasons been addressed.)Basically flawless except for three ENORMOUS flaws, which I would point to as some of the worst things I've ever seen in video games ever.1. The puzzle 'Whoosh'2. The puzzle 'Eagle's Nest'3. The timed section as you ascend the towerThose two puzzles break the rules of the game. Rules that the game EXPLICITLY demonstrates as being rules that are not to be broken. This game is BASED ON and PLAYED BY its own rules, which is perfect and amazing. These 2 puzzles are bad only because the rest of the game is ABSOLUTELY PERFECT IN EVERY WAY. ALL the other puzzles follow the rules of the game, perfectly. If the game DIDN'T demonstrate its rules, these puzzles would be fine; BUT IT DOES, SO THEY AREN'T.'Whoosh' requires you to jump on top of two stacked blocks, which would have been helpful at SO many points previously, but was IMPOSSIBLE and NOT ALLOWED. So when the ONLY WAY to solve a puzzle is by doing EXACTLY WHAT YOU KNOW, AND HAVE BEEN TOLD, YOU CAN'T, it gets a bit ridiculous.'Eagle's Nest' is similar. You have to drop a cube while you're in the air. That's it. Dropping a cube, WHILE IN THE AIR, was previously not possible. I tried it a good many times, trying to drop it below myself when jumping, or in front of myself when jumping; again, impossible. So, again, when the ONLY WAY to solve this puzzle is to drop the cube while in the air... you get the picture.And the part where you ascend the tower while trying to outrun a timer is absolute, infuriating garbage. I've been able to rationalize it against the game's story, only to try and figure out why it's in the game, but that doesn't make it OK. This game is really just about its puzzles. It gives you time to think about them, to look at all the pretty stuff and listen to the all the pretty music, and try to figure out the PUZZLE. Not race a timer for no reason, while trying to manage a CPU player that you have no control over, yet are dependent on. GARBAGE.So, if THESE THREE THINGS weren't in this game, IT WOULD BE A PERFECT GAME. It's so frustrating to me that this game came so close to that. Still, it's a fantastic game that's a lot of fun.Buy it and play it, m8."
,Recommended,257510,21289835,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Hear2Grin,Great game for strategy thinkers and philosophy thinkers. Or can be both!
76561197970345755,Recommended,257510,20852756,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,scoop20906,(7/10) This was an interesting experience. I enjoyed most of the puzzles and the progression of difficulty. The story sprinkled in here and that added a nice layer over the puzzles and the meta-world was interesting to explore. I didn't get all the gold stars but it was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to go back and find all the places there were. It would have been nice to unlock a power to find them more easily so you can work on the puzzle. The ending was satisfying and made all the puzzle solving seems worthwhile. I feel I got my moneys worth and recommend to puzzle solvers.
,Recommended,257510,20862350,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Super Hans,Sounds like the name of a Big Bang Theory episode.
76561198040847024,Recommended,257510,20863144,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Radical-6,Buy this game.
,Recommended,257510,20889341,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Sparhawk,Proved to a self-aware AI that I possess the minimum basic requirements to be human after several attempts.Which is important even though every human being who cares died milennia ago.9/10 Alexandra makes robots cry oily tears.
76561198022355931,Recommended,257510,20885011,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,TheMawgWhisperer,Puzzles releavling puzzles relvealing puzzels ....  puzzling
,Recommended,257510,20864581,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,TheCollective,"Talos Principle was the closest to a religious experience I've ever had in a video game.  Raised many philisophical questions that stayed with me long after I finished the multiple endings.  Beautiful to look at, fun (and challenging) to play.  Wonderful atmospheric music.  Highly recommended for anybody looking for a more profound experience than ""shoot 'em up"" in their video games."
76561198013240411,Recommended,257510,20870926,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Nimble Fist of Soy Sauce,"An outstanding game. Definitely reminds you of Portal 2, however it's an incredibily refreshing addition to such a game genre. Worth every penny."
76561198022963951,Recommended,257510,21221348,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Darth Vaper,Have spent 30min just listening to music and looking at the ocean. 10/10 would relax again.P.S. That Beheaded Kamikaze almost made a brick factory out of me.
,Recommended,257510,21265672,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,CroutonOfDEATH,
,Recommended,257510,21193961,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,The Centipede,"The Talos Principleis easily the mostintelligentgame I've played in a very long while, if not ever, certainly the smartest sinceThe Swapper. No great surprise, since the writing talent behindThe Swapperalso wrote the story for this game.There are similar themes between both: the meaning and function of morality, of existence, of what ""makes a person.""The Talos Principlegoes into much greater depth, however, and extends its arguments on to the purpose of life and of civilization. It is a very adult game, in terms of emotional and logical maturity, which really means that it should be played by almost everyone as soon as is feasible. This is what games can be as an art form, provoking questions and using interactivity as a way to immerse participants into the subject.For the gamers out there, all the references other reviews make toPortalare valid. In terms of gameplay, this is a puzzle game, but I cannot say it is a puzzle game first and foremost. LikePortal, the puzzles--or, more accurately, the environments of the puzzles--are a way to tell the story. Luckily, the puzzles were constructed by experienced game designers (of theSerious Samseries, amusingly enough) and so if you're not interested in philosophy,The Talos Principleworks as 'merely' a challenging puzzle game. I'd still highly recommend poking through the terminals; if nothing else, you may find it thought-provoking.For the philosophically inclined,The Talos Principleis a highly ""scientific"" game with a metaphysical naturalist worldview. While there is some mention of ""soul,"" this is to the edges of the actual discussion. You're playing a machine, an artificial intelligence, hopefully analogous to a human being (since it isyouplaying: the protagonist is silent and functionally without personality independent of you, including having your Steam handle for a name and justifying this in backstory), so sapience is a mechanistic function that can be replicated artificially. All else extends from this premise, with one caveat. Technically your character lacks an existential crisis because you have been created for a purpose, and that purpose is the Process, capitalized in-universe. The Process... requires you to solve puzzles. This may be insufficient for you, however, as it has been for previous (or concurrent--the in-game chronology is intentionally confused) AIs. With no afterlife and no universal balancing of moral sums,The Talos Principlediscusses morality, purpose, and meaning from an existential humanist viewpoint.Those of you with a classical background may recognize Talos from Greek mythology; specifically, the metal automaton that defended the island of his builders before he was unstoppered and all of the ichor that powered him ran out. I won't spoil the actual in-game Principle for you, but it dovetails with the game's naturalist philosophy.I highly recommend this game on all levels: as a game, as a work of art, and as a philosophical argument. A good deal of it can be quite depressing--after all, ""there is nothing but the Earth and the bones of the dead in it""--but I feelThe Talos Principleis merely clear-eyed about the matter. It doesn't mope, it doesn't refute, and it doesn't resort to nihilism, and in its resistance against the darkness it rationally puts forward an argument of purpose and hope. Again, not to spoil anything, in the game when all is lost there is still heroism. Not the petty soap opera heroism of noble effort in vain or the last act of defiance, but of finding--and, if need be,making--hope and carrying on."
,Recommended,257510,21202702,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Zinga,Loved it. All of it.+ Looks great+ Sound design+ well ballaced difficulty progression+ good puzzle variation* The game asks some deep questions that are worth exploring.
76561197993174997,Recommended,257510,21203139,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,QT,"This is an excellent puzzle game that is not only fun and creative, but it also makes you think about life and purpose.Seeing as this is also made by the Serious Sam folks, expect references to that series and a bunch of Egyptian stuff.Seriously, CROTeam loves that stuff way too much."
76561198011062253,Recommended,257510,21164517,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,kamasu89,Mind Destoyer
,Recommended,257510,21169288,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Bad Vlad,"Absoultely the best puzzle game I have ever played. In fact, it's probably one of the best games I have ever played in general."
76561198111880561,Recommended,257510,21198044,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,VShadow,"Not much to say about this that hasn't already been said. Borrows a bit from the Portal games in terms of feel/tone, but takes a completely fresh approach to the 3D puzzle platformer genre, both in its puzzle format and its story. You can play the game while bypassing most of the story, or interact with terminals along the way to delve much deeper, exploring the mystery behind the world you're in along with the many facets of human nature as the god-like voice of Elohim prods you to heed his words. The puzzles are brilliantly crafted, and encourage you to experiment and think outside of the proverbial box. Many games leave me wanting more by failing to provide a full experience or a half-finished story, while Talos left me wanting more because of its execution and production value. This isn't a game you can hammer out to completion in a few hours, and in this case, that's a good thing.To me, the best compliment you can pay a game is that it sticks with you long after you're done playing it, and this is that kind of game."
76561198055339630,Recommended,257510,21195466,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Mindless,"Excellent, thought-provoking, and well-paced. The game is not only fun to play, it is also incredibly interesting in its lore and narrative. Would very easily recommend."
76561198110873281,Recommended,257510,21193427,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ElectricityMule,"If you hate puzzle games, then you will hate this game. If you love puzzle games, then this is one of the best ones out there. The world is gorgeous, and fun to explore. The puzzles are challenging, but not obnoxious. Even on my second playthrough, many of the puzzles have me scratching my head all over again."
,Recommended,257510,21196550,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Ketho,discussing philosophical questions with a computer within a videogame..time well spent
,Recommended,257510,21162617,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Benny The Bull,"This is a great puzzle game, but don't let the hype get too out of control before you play.I enjoyed the puzzles and the story.  There are a lot of philisophical themes going on here, and I always found them enjoyable.  The puzzles are tricky, but always fare.As for the hype, I went into this game hearing how it was beyond amazing, and as such spent much of my playthrough trying to decode what I thought were hidden clues leading twords a big reveal.  This is in no way the game's fault, but as a result I was left a little cold by the ending(s).Don't be like me.  It's not anything more than what it seems to be, but what that is is pretty damn cool."
76561197973522340,Recommended,257510,21159818,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Jerklord,Simply brilliant
76561198117603428,Recommended,257510,21138109,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Sarge,The puzzles are greatThe graphics are beautifulThe story is amazingThe music is awesomeThe mechanics work brilliantly2nd best puzzle game I have ever played...0/10 Made Portal look bad...But not Portal 2
,Recommended,257510,21144883,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lynthe Ytoo,"What is a human being? What is humanity? Can a robot be a human? It's hard to explain the philosophy used in The Talos Principle, but surely is something that will make you think about what we really are. All of this while you solve puzzle after puzzle to advance, and find time capsules and QR codes to understand the plot. There's always something to do. The game is challenging and will take around 16 hours to finish only the story, plus all the time you spend thinking about the ideas presented in the game. So, if you like Portal, this game is perfect for you."
76561198043796226,Recommended,257510,21143626,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,OneSecond,"I love just about any type of puzzle game, and The Talos Principle might just be my favorite. The amosphere is fantastic, and bestdifficulty ramp for the puzzles is just about perfect. They start easy enough to teach you the basics, but some of the later puzzles can really make you think. While I think the puzzles alone could have sold me on this game, the story isnt half bad either."
76561197997078944,Recommended,257510,21105097,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,aGGrEssiVe,"Challenging and thought provoking, not recommended for disturbed individuals :P"
76561198094890303,Recommended,257510,21154784,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,fitz the viking,"this game will make you heard hurt, will drive you mad. have you rage quitting. seem impossible and the next min seem easy. its bloody brilliant."
,Recommended,257510,21122815,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,geoblock`T,One of my best experiences of 2015! Really makes you think in order to solve some of the puzzles and gives you a lot of interesting topics to think about. Awesome atmosphere the biggest contribution of which is made by the amazing soundtrack. Thanks Croteam!
,Recommended,257510,21118265,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Silver Sky,"Interesting puzzle with interesting concept, 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,21204588,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,mgabor,"Creative and challenging puzzles are connected by a deep, thought provoking backstory. Rewards players that pay attention to detail. One of the best in the genre."
,Recommended,257510,13372196,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Wopper,"If you like games like Portal, you'll love this game.Let me note this is NOT a Portal knockoff, but its definitely in the same genre.Between the awesome puzzles, a computer that has pretty awesome conversations with you, and a look at what 'we' are leaving behind for the future to uncover. its a very well made game.To top it off modding is available, so you can create and share your own puzzles.10/10 is you like puzzles."
76561198022357100,Recommended,257510,13372585,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,deps,"It feels a lot like Portal, which I think is very very nice! It also feels a bit like the Myst series. I loved the backstory you follow using the terminals. I was very satisfied with the ending.If I should say something negative it is that the game felt a bit slow in the middle. At the beginning I was everywhere doing everything, turning all places upside down. But a couple of levels in the middle was just forced. I Collected the sigils just to unlock the next level of the tower. But it was worth it in the end!"
76561197988041460,Recommended,257510,13373866,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,adam2050,"Excellent puzzle game.  Portal comparisons are inevitable so its harder and not quite as good as portal.   Interesting story with a nice hook of a running ""What philosophy do you follow?"" set of tests.   Strong recomend."
,Recommended,257510,13373877,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Woodsy,"Absoloutely Incredible. Mark my words; Best game of the year.Love puzzles? Simply put. You need this game!The graphics are stunning, the music is mesmerising, and to top it off, I can still play with a decent framerate on my toaster. I've always been the type to skip past the story crap in games. But I strangely found myself reading everything, questioning everything, thinking about everything and wholy engaging in the story. Even if you still don't get hooked on the story, the gameplay alone is worth every minute. The puzzles will make you twitch with delight or want to kill something beautiful but the non-linear gameplay means you can skip anything and return without having to 'endure' a tough spot.Not convinced? Play the public test. That's how I got hooked. Now please excuse me while I replay the game. :]"
76561198050492113,Recommended,257510,13360041,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,SuperHans,10 numara oyun olsa da indirime girdiğinde alın mutlaka :D
76561197997851273,Recommended,257510,13366726,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Silverback,"This game is simply amazing with its engaging and brain-tingling puzzles. It will make your head spin a couple of times, but the ""A-ha!"" moments are the best, better than in Portal. In fact, I would argue that it is better than Portal in many ways. First of all, the multi-tier story is more mysterious and intriguing, the levels are HUGE, the secrets actually play a role in discovering even more levels, and the variety of instruments you unlock as you advance through puzzles is much better than just the companion cube and portal gun variety,In brief, you have three main stages (A - Greco-Roman Antiquity, B - Egyptian Antiquity, C - Middle Ages), each with its own 7 levels of puzzles. They are all connected in a limbo-like environment with a huge tower at the center that an ominous voice from the sky claiming to be God tells you not to climb.As you solve puzzles in each of the three stages (can be done at random, but they are interdependent), you collect tetris pieces to open new puzzle areas and unlock new solving equipment (connectors, jammers, cubes, fans, platforms) which grant you access to more complex puzzles.Once you solve all stages the voice will invite you to join him in eternal life by walking through a door of light in the lobby of stage C, but I recommend you wait and instead collect those secret, hard to reach stars, which will grant you access to secret levels in each stage, where you collect special tetris pieces to unlock levels in the Tower.So basically there are two exits out of the game world: either through the door of light in stage C after completing all main puzzles, or through the top of the tower after unlocking all secrets. Each option has its promise: eternal life from the Creator, or enlightmentment by trial at the top of the tower. I suspect the former option is bogus, so I will strive to reach the top of the tower.  :)10/10 Best $18 I ever spent.Have fun and food luck!"
76561198040238087,Recommended,257510,13346538,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,somniumind01,"I have been waiting for this game, that is, a game that challenges your intellect, for a long time. The demo was superb and I just couldn't wait to play more.9.5/10 only because 10/10 to me is reserved to historical titles."
76561198060488023,Recommended,257510,13344445,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Dizzy,"The visuals. The gameplay. Its all so amazing. Although ive only spent 10hrs on the game, its been a brain draining 10hrs and a lot of fun."
76561198022071317,Recommended,257510,13344616,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,obi1666,why do i love the level design? why do i feel something siniter is happening?dont wait for a sale. buy now.
,Recommended,257510,13344721,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Bubup,"I really like the puzzles, terminal jokes and story behind it.to publishers:please revise the third person view animations. please."
76561197971190319,Recommended,257510,14055720,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,aerodude_66,This is an awesome puzzler..........it will keep you interested till the very end of the game.  I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,257510,14056155,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Fex,A fun journey of philosophy and logic.
76561197966573552,Recommended,257510,14060704,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Spock RC,"Deserves to sit along side The Swapper, Portal, and Myst.Large collection of puzzles.A lot of love went into the laser sections.Really long game.  20 hours without getting all the extra stars.Large collection of readables.Disscusions about what consciousness is, if anything at all.Music wears thin going through so many puzzles.Environments are pretty, but gets old before the end.Really damn good story.Well worth the money."
,Recommended,257510,20281351,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Pariah Zero,"I loved this game. Beautiful areas, challenging & fun puzzles. The story helps hold the game together well. Excellent steam controller support."
76561198041294110,Recommended,257510,20269042,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,IgnatiusD,A terminal in a video game understands me more after an hour than my friends and loved ones do.
76561198014749155,Recommended,257510,20280759,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,NatWu,"That was extremely enjoyable. Some of the puzzles did get repetitive, but overall there was enough variation that it stayed interesting just about the whole time I played it. Trying to figure out what was going on for real by unlocking clues is perhaps a well-trod path, but in this instance it was extraordinarily well done. In short, I loved this game. The setting, the story, the graphics, all A+."
76561197988843298,Recommended,257510,20292197,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ExAnimus,"Fun puzzles, with a nice progressive difficulty curve.Challenging but I never found annoying if i would get stuck on a puzzle, since it's open nature made it easy to go for another one and come back later.With an interesting narrative, providing more questions and thought, than answers.Not recommended for people wanting lots of action and don't like to read"
,Recommended,257510,20262825,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Xan4elyse,"• Brief Summary •The Talos Principleis a game made by Croteam. It is a philosophical puzzle game where you take the role of an android awakening in an unfamiliar world with a guiding voice helping you along explore the world. Unlike the previous games Croteam has made, this one is not a shooter.• Analysis •Story ~ 6✬ / 6✬Without spoiling too much, a noncorporeal voice speaks, identifying itself as Elohim, and guides the player through scenery and locations based on Rome, Egypt, and Medieval Europe. The goal of the story is to figure out as much as you could about the world through challenges and puzzles, while also being philosophically challenged about religion, machinery, and life. Buy the DLC, too, if you hate yourselfthatmuch; the puzzles are harder than ever before.Gameplay ~ 5✬ / 6✬The Talos Principlehas wonderful mechanics and concepts, but also is a bit casual. It does have a few interesting concepts, such as playing with tetrominoes to unlock certain locations and features. While it sounds easy, it's actually difficult. The game features over 100 puzzles which get progressively more difficult and force you to think outside the box (sometimes in a literal sense, if you want easter eggs).Music & Sound ~ 6✬ / 6✬The ambient music in the game is incredibly well-made, setting the tone of wonderment, isolation, and many more emotions. Each track fits perfectly with the location it plays in, and all the track flow together. This music is better than life by all means.Graphics ~ 6✬ / 6✬The Talos Principlefeatures next-gen graphics and shaders, having beautifully designed scenery and easter eggs (again... literally.) The graphics will certainly satisfy anyone who enjoys graphics in video games the most. Unless you have a next gen computer or a powerful custom-made desktop, don't expect to run it in the best graphic settings.• TL;DR •+ Hours of gameplay.+ Multiple endings.+ Hundreds of puzzles.+ Wonderful music.+ Lots and lots of Easter Eggs.+ Beautifully designed worlds.+ Very philosophical and challenging.- No negatives I could think of."
76561197961311371,Recommended,257510,20262848,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DeathStar,"I do not normally write reviews, but this game easily became one of my favorites.  If you enjoy a little philosophy, religion, or questioning the existence of life, as in what it means to be human, this game has it all.  The scenery is beautiful, the music is relaxing, and the story line is rich with content."
76561198129175260,Recommended,257510,20263634,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MisfitVJC,Pretty game with nice music.
,Recommended,257510,20261906,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,HotFuss,Fun puzzle game!
,Recommended,257510,21394071,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Mirko aus Gorbitz,"one of the best singleplayer games i have ever played. Awesome story, music and atmosphere."
,Recommended,257510,21420105,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,The Gaming Hamster,turn graphics to MAX.got motion sideness and vomitted in a bucket...8/8 to vomit in buckets again
,Recommended,257510,21421051,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Randy Marsh [OpenSUSE TW],"If you like Portal, you'll LOVE this game. I actually slightly preferred this!It may not have the humour, but instead, it has an interesting, mystery of a storyline which doesn't give you much at the start, but you slowly work things out on your own, or by reading the texts etc. Even when I wasn't playing this game, I was thinking about the story and the meaning behind some of the philosophical and existential questions this game raised both directly and indirectly.The puzzles are also fun and addicting. Elohim is an epic God-like figure who I couldn't wait to stick it to. And the computer was a smartass. Kind of reminded me of the Serpent/Deceiver and God.The end of the game features 3.5 endings (3 endings with one slight variation in one of them) where you choose your path in a way...this is a MUST BUY.Fun puzzles. Hours of gameplay. Interesting, deep, philosophical storyline. A MUST for fans of puzzle games, philosophy and religion.Question your very existence, the world, life, religion, humanity, consciousness...everything."
,Recommended,257510,21413081,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,arch,"Best first person puzzle game I played since Portal. Photorealistic graphics, which however runs extremely smooth. It is a must-have if you enjoy puzzle games (and seeing Linux shell a lot :))"
76561197994525376,Recommended,257510,21682014,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Ratya,Good stuff! Solid puzzling with a compellingly cerebral and philosophical backdrop.
,Recommended,257510,21674731,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,A Cobblestone,
76561197987038634,Recommended,257510,21674887,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dialectic,Undoubtedly a landmark game. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,257510,21680399,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ritsuke,"One of the best games I have ever played, second only to Shadow of the Colossus."
76561198116217026,Recommended,257510,21680497,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Spirit Balanceholder,The most intelectually exiting experience I've had in a long time. More than worth the 10 bucks I payed for it.
76561198130186490,Recommended,257510,21697678,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Chronic ion,"It's been 2 hours, and I'm already hooked."
,Recommended,257510,21697778,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,TheFloppyFish,This game isn't simply a puzzle game. It makes you consider some tough philsophical questions that we humans will have to answer in the next 10 - 100 years. I would reccomend this even more than Portal or KSP. And I like me some Portal and KSP.
,Recommended,257510,21698024,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,sporadicity,"The Talos Principle has a lot of clever puzzles and gives you a nice chance to have a philosophical discussion with your computer. The intro area felt a bit too easy, but past there the difficulty scaled very nicely, occasionally adding a new tool and including some very tough optional challenges."
76561197989719767,Recommended,257510,21698363,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,The MacGuffin Guy,"A beatiful puzzle game! A bit heavy handed at times with its philosophy and its LONG texts for you to read, but if you don't mind a little condesention and psych 101, this is puzzle solving at its finest. Lovers of the Portal series will feel right at home with the harsh puzzles and mean voice in the sky. Addicting gameplay for fans of the genre. Recomend playing with the visuals all the way up for maximum enjoyment."
76561198123296136,Recommended,257510,21698551,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Arbidarb,"Apparently, as I've found out awhile into the game, this game requires outside resources if you want the full story. The basic story is interesting and the basic game is good enough, which is why I'd still recomend it, but prepare to feel cheated if you don't have a QR reader. I've also heard from people talking about the game that bits of text need to be decoded outside of the game. So if you're looking to just play this game by itself, you'll have to deal with the fact that you aren't getting the full experience."
76561198095441363,Recommended,257510,21690927,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Giany,Very nice puzzle game indeed. A must have 4 sure.
,Recommended,257510,21672445,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sandman1973,Making you think in more than one way with puzzles and philosophy. Straight forward early on getting more elaborate later on. Completed and climbed the tower without looking anything up. Enjoyable game.
,Recommended,257510,21677319,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Zephy,"One of the best games I've played. Every puzzle makes you think in a different way. It's a lot like portal, but longer, more challenging, and with a more mysterious story-line. This game will challenge your mind in many ways."
,Recommended,257510,21675757,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Slugg,"I haven´t found the kitten yet but otherwise great game. Tetris 30,000."
,Recommended,257510,21676241,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ProfilMan,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,257510,21668892,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,viperman1271,"While it has some odd choices in terms of setting and level design, the overal game is quite interesting and fun. I was hooked after playing for 5 minutes, and love the concept. There are some repetitive puzzles, and the story is a bit odd at times, but overall a great game."
76561198041957166,Recommended,257510,24411633,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ExonTwo,Stop what you're doing and play this game right now. Especially if you're into philosophy
76561198202132677,Recommended,257510,24354697,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,scott.a.mckay,"This is a one-of-a-kind experience that is sure to be of interest to any who fancy themselves philosophers as well as fans of first-person puzzle games like Myst and Portal.The voice acting is first-rate, the story unfolds peaceful with little exposition, and the ending is a weirdly emotional conclusion that makes you empathize with the robot you have controlled throughout the game. For the pure narrative structure and subjective experience alone, this is worth experiencing.I will warn that many of the puzzles can at times seem impossibly diffiicult, particularly in the later red sigils. Realizing there is a ""run"" button improved the experience immensely."
76561198038170722,Recommended,257510,24400044,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Acubens,Didn't find the ♥♥♥♥♥ (in the store pic) yet. Too busy playing with myself (in the ingame time-a-tron)...
76561198150250610,Recommended,257510,24398453,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,S1CK,"Just like Portal 2 this game requires some logic to get through it, that is why it is very interesting in the beginning, but unfortunately that feeling fades as you are clearing the levels because nothing significantly new is introduced and clearing the levels starts to be a little tedious.Anyway I would recommend this game to every puzzle lover out there."
76561198060880408,Recommended,257510,24413189,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Double_See,"Simply AmazingI am left speechless, I can't add to what all the others have written about the game other than for those who get a little frustrated early on, your perseverance will be rewarded in the end. The more/longer you play the easier it becomes to solve the ever increasing complexity of the puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,24146301,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,UnsettledGoat,Absolutely one of the best games I have ever played. Chills all the way through. Elohim's voice actor did an incredible job. My advice is to play this honestly as yourself and make choices based on what you would actually do rather than what may be interesting to watch. The whole game really got me in deep thought which I was not expecting at all!
76561198128069522,Recommended,257510,24199254,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,maskedmole,"I'm never been much into puzzle games, but the philosophy and atmosphere in this game make it stand out from most other games.  The puzzles are challenging but only just enough, not too hard or too easy, enough to keep you captivated without throwing your keyboard at the screen.  I take pride I've solved all the puzzles on my own so far, as I think it takes the fun out of the game if you look them all up.  A couple so far have been quite challenging, but that much more rewarding when I figured them out.  I like how the narrator tells you to take a break if it sees you struggling, it really helps to stop and come back later if you're having trouble.  It really requires you to think outside the box sometimes, and I like that.  When you figure it out, it's quite a satisfying feeling.  The hidden notes and story are quite intriguing as well.  This game is unique, and no other game is like it.  I don't like playing the same copy and paste whatever genre game over and over, this game is it's own breed of puzzler."
,Recommended,257510,24173885,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Aequitarian,Amazing. An excellent puzzle game with wonderful atmosphere and transcendent worldbuilding.
,Recommended,257510,22366199,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,PatientBen,"Extremely thought-provoking. Don't let the somewhat tired concept of the untrustworthy Voice in the Sky fool you--this is a new and insightful take on the premise that, if actively engaged, will challenge you both intellectually and philosophically. While the main puzzle sequence is well-paced, most won't find it terribly taxing; that said, the star puzzles are excellent and at times exquisitely tricky, and if that's not enough for you, the game is loaded with well-hidden easter eggs."
,Recommended,257510,24213121,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SunFlower,Nice game
76561197997531242,Recommended,257510,24187520,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,louiser,"This is a fantastic puzzle game.  I am part way through world B and loving it.  The graphics are amazing, (I don't have VR) the game runs smoothly, and I haven't run into any bugs yet.If you like a good puzzler with a deeply emersive story and stunning graphics, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,257510,24158799,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,yuanfeng1205,完美！
,Recommended,257510,24136536,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,P H O B O S,"I can definitely recommend this game, especially if you enjoy games like Portal. It's a puzzle game with a deep story that you uncover as you go. There are some very difficult puzzles and sometimes they require quick and precise movement, so it isn't always just a relaxing frolic through the beautifully designed levels. Some puzzles have more than one solution, and there are many easter eggs and secrets and a few different endings. This has been one of the most enjoyable games I have played in the last few years."
76561198021369504,Recommended,257510,24086100,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,★ 303 ★,Great.
,Recommended,257510,24110271,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nimue,"10/10Like several others who reviewed, I did not know this was going to become one of my favorite games when I dived into it. The narrative is amazing, as is the world they have created in this game. The puzzles range from easy to really difficult (I'll admit to having used a guide for a couple of them) and are really quite diverse with various ultilities provided to help you solve them.The atmosphere in this game is also really wonderful, and after finishing the game, I just wanted to dive right back in, as I did not want to leave this world. I can definitely picture this is one of those games I'll be revisiting later on. Absolutely recommended to anyone."
,Recommended,257510,24107346,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Finn Darius,"This game won't stop leaving me wondering, I've solved many puzzle games before with ease, but this game makes ""thinking outside the box"" a serious requirement. The atmosphere is awesome and the lore behind the game is also quite a mystery, one that would really make you want to question everything that you generally do in the game.I got it on sale and I seriously feel like it is still worth the original price. This is literally the first puzzle game I've ever encountered where I've had to look up the walkthrough because of the difficulty, but despite that, I can't help but get hooked to it.This game is a massive keeper."
,Recommended,257510,24104037,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ShikadiLord,"After repeatedly seeing this game be recommended to people who liked Portal, I decided to buy it. At first I wasn't quite sold on either the puzzle or storytelling aspects (the latter of which I mistakenly found relatively straightforward at first), and in fact I took a months-long break from it after a couple of hours of playtime on and off. Then I decided to give it a try again. Boy I was soooo wrong with my first impression of the game.It takes a little while to get to full speed, but once it does, solving puzzles feels actually rewarding and there's pretty much always something new awaiting and requiring you to think outside the box, especially if you decide to work towards the optional game goals. And then a computer terminal started to question everything I took for granted.Sometimes puzzles get frustrating and may even seem impossible, but I found that taking advantage of the non-linear nature of the gameplay progression or even having little breaks to contemplate the beautiful scenery around the puzzle areas and clear your mind really helps. On the other hand, actually making use of the sigils/tetrominos often proves far more challenging than obtaining them in the first place, especially during the latter half of the game, but that seems quite fitting given the overarching themes.I can definitely recommend it if you like puzzles, or if you have an inclination for discussing philosophy and ethics. Even if you don't have an interest on those subjects, I'd still suggest you give it a try -- you might be pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,257510,24104179,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Godsblade,"The Talos Principle is a philosophical labirynth that brings up questions regarding conciousness, the future of mandkind, and how we grasp the fact that we will die for a greater cause that we may never be able to see come to fruition. The Talos Principle deserves all the praise it gets from its in-depth story that is told through QR codes, computer files, and the main characters themselves (I won't say who), its slow and beautiful scores of music (that I have already downloaded and listened to extensivly), the mind-numbing puzzles, and so much more.If I were to compare this to any game, I would say that it is a modern equivalent to Myst and Riven, even surpassing them in some ways. This game also plays like Portal in some ways with the crates and fans.There are also many lovely Easter Eggs to find in the game ranging from Portal, Serious Sam, Half-Life, and even Myst (I believe I saw one QR code that referenced it, but I may be wrong).To sum up, this game is a masterfully crafted puzzle game with a rich story, soundtrack, and rewarding puzzles as well as a spot-on ending that left me feeling fulfilled and excited that I finished it (it took around 20 hours)."
,Recommended,257510,24119158,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,nattyrez,I finally realized that all my years of gaming was just training so I wouldn't get motion sickness while playing The Talos Principle.10/10 Will definitely sympathize with newly sentient beings.
76561197970618606,Recommended,257510,24119334,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,tim_hobbs82,A great puzzle game with nice graphics and a good story.
,Recommended,257510,24298205,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,.sverek,Just very good and polished game.
76561198149760162,Recommended,257510,24296244,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sir_LavaH,"One of the most beautiful, interesting and enjoyable games of our time. Truly a masterpiece that must be in every gamer's collection!"
76561198201975309,Recommended,257510,24286079,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,badnan83,"I...this is...Step 1 ) get it, play it.Step 2 )bang your head 'till you forget, play it againStep 3) repeat step 2"
,Recommended,257510,24338484,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,blupiac,"Interesting story, beautiful world, well-thought puzzles and meaningful reflections.What else could you ask for in a game?"
,Recommended,257510,24325899,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,tolacid,"Easily the best puzzle/platformer I've played since Portal.Most videogames these days like to hold your hand and make sure you know how they work. ""This button does this, that one does that, these mechanics work this particular way,"" etc. It takes a lot of the brainwork out of an activity that is supposed to be stimulating, making it dull and repetitive instead.Not so in The Talos Principle. You start off with a simple premise: You are a child robot with no prior memories, and you must learn in order to move forward.That is the entire game. Nothing is handed to you, nothing is explained, but everything is there for you to discover on your own. Each puzzle is an introduction to a new principle, or a reapplication of a previously learned one, all of which changes the way you look at every challenge you encounter from then on - in game and out.Because it's not just the puzzles in the levels you solve. The greater puzzle - of what happened, and why you're here - is hidden throughout the worlds, in a broken and corrupted computer archive. Most files are fragmented - or so it would seem - and it is up to you to think outside the box, apply what you've learned, and discover what it all means for yourself.That's right. The final explanation, just like everything else, is subjective. It's what you've learned. Whatever your takeaway may be.But for me, the most important thing is the lack of handholding. Finally, after years of waiting, a game that lets you just pick up and PLAY.Far and again, amazing, and excellent replay value."
,Recommended,257510,24321553,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Unfabulous Baby Bears,"i bought this on the steam summer sale intending to play it for a few hours and to get bored of it fairly quickly, especially given the difficulty with which i beat games like portal and its sequel.i love this game. i'm a very picky gamer with only two other games in my favorites. within the first 20 hours, this one popped right in there.the puzzles are fun and challenging, and even with a walkthrough it can be difficult. the replay value of this game is surprisingly awesome and the characters aren't the kind that i thought i would carry with me until i did. i've barely stopped playing or thinking about it since i bought it."
76561197993433775,Recommended,257510,24321155,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,cold.fire,"The Talos Principlewas the most recent puzzle game that I acquired, and wow it sure was an interesting experience!  Deeply philosophical, plenty of challenging puzzles, and surprisingly somewhat nerve-wracking at times as well.  Overall I am impressed by this game and what it has to offer for the all the puzzle game fans out there like myself. Aside from the main game, I have also played through the DLC and extra content forThe Talos Principle, including the demo. If you are interested in finding out just what sort of game this is, I can say that the demo (if you can still find it around somewhere) contains a very good representation of the kind of gameplay you can expect throughout the main game, and does not give any of the story away (and yes there is a story). There are only 5 levels in the demo I think, including some secret bonus stuff that is more challenging to unlock, however the main game gets even harder at times than what is represented in the demo (just FYI). For those looking for an even greater mind-bending challenge thanThe Talos Principle, then I suggest theRoad To GehennaDLC, as it contains even harder puzzles than the main game. Now... time for some critique!NarrativeThe narrative story for this game was not something I had heard or read about before playing. I had seen some screenshots and it looked like the kind of game I would enjoy... and largely it was what I expected.  The narrative, on the other hand, took me somewhat by surprise. It is a LOT more philosophical than I was anticipating, and really gets you thinking about the world, humanity, morality, and mortality. There is a computer terminal you interact with throughout the game when not solving puzzles, and this is where most of the narrative part happens. You can read random bits of stored data through the terminals, as well as ""interact"" with it (can't say more without spoilers). The stored data is mostly in text form, and gives you a lot of reading material for those interested in finding out more of the story behind the world you inhabit in the game as well as who and what your character actually is. (This is not a secret/spoiler because you can go to 3rd person view by pressing 'H' at any point, but your character looks like a humanoid robot.)To add more to the narrative, there are also glowing icons floating about in the world for you to find, which unlock audio logs from one of the other unseen characters in the story, which serves to add more context to the world the game exists within.  The implications of the written text and the audio narrative, combined with a few other elements, reveals more about the backstory as you progress through the game's puzzles.  I quite enjoyed how spread out it was, so you never had to read too much all at once... but after finishing it, part of me wants to play through the narrative again without having to solve the puzzles again, because it was just THAT thought-provoking!  Oh, and there are multiple endings too, which is not too unusual for this kind of game.GameplayI would say that the gameplay got progressively better as time went along and more interesting combinations of things are thrown at the player. When you start out, most of the puzzles involve death avoidance and passing barriers with ""jammers"" that you can place on the ground to disable something in front of it. Oh, and by death avoidance I mean turrets and proximity mines... (more on that in a minute). As you progress through the game and unlock new areas and puzzles, you also gain additional ""tools"" to use, which are required for some of the more advanced puzzles. The tools start with simple cubes to stand on (or set other items upon) and progress to more complicated items like fans and laser connectors until you get to the really mind-bending stuff... the replay terminal. Some of the most brain-melting puzzles for me personally were those that involved replay because it essentially allows the player to make a recording of themself going about the level (up to 5 min long), whichincludesall the moveable props/items that exist in the puzzle. Then when you are finished, you go back to the terminal and end the recording, which resets all the items you had just been moving around back to where they were and plays back the recording you just made. Essentially that means you have twice the items you had before for the duration of the playback, but you can only interact with the non-recorded ones... so it adds an incredibly strategic element to the puzzles that include that feature.Now back to the turrets and mines... this is where I really started to feel frustration for this game. I don't know about all of you, but when it comes to puzzle games, I have mixed feelings about ""death"" and if it is really a necessary mechanic for a good puzzler.  I feel that it is not, and while I do understand that mortality was one of the themes of this game, that does not mean I have to like the way it was executed in some of these puzzles. As far as avoidance goes, I think it serves an interesting purpose in this game... but when the stakes are so high it can yield some extremely frustrating circumstances. First let me explain a little about how these dangerous weapons are utilized. Turrets do precisely what you would expect... but what I really truly dispised were the proximity mines. The mines in this game float and usually move around. When you get too close, they start to make a high pitch beeping noise that gets faster and faster the closer you get... when it reaches a solid tone, you are more than likely dead and have to restart the level all over again. Holy hell that beeping is not good for my nerves! I imagine this is the intended effect, as the noise they made in the prototype levels (extra content) was far worse. Let me just say, I am not generally a big fan of games that make me so anxious. The levels in this game that involved mines were the ones I always came to dread the most... just for example, there is even an advanced level titled ""Nerve-wrecker."" So. Many. MINES.Anyway... there are also a lot of hidden stars all over the levels, some of which require completing multiple puzzles in a certain order to unlock. When you die or have to reset to the last checkpoint (entering or exiting a puzzle sets a checkpoint) the game also resets ALL the other puzzles in the world to their original state, regardless of whether or not they are already solved (though the solved ones DO remain solved). What this means is that if you move a bunch of things around in one puzzle, then go over to the adjacent puzzle to move a bunch more things but get hit by a mine, you have to go back and do the first puzzle steps all over again. So yeah, some of these hidden stars are a REAL pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get, but to be perfectly honest you don't really have to get any in order to finish the game with either the first or second (main) ending.  The stars unlock a handfull of extra ""challenge"" puzzles that lead to athirdending, which I feel was not as satisfying as the main ending even though I am a bit of a completionist and did them all anyway.Last up is the tetromino puzzles. Occasionally when you aren't exploring the main puzzles, you will come across a door that needs to be unlocked by placing tetromino shapes into a rectangular shaped grid. Since you can rotate every piece, these all felt extremely tedious to me because there isn't a lot of strategy to them other than to just shuffle the pieces around and around until you come across the solution. Thankfully some of these are once again optional to get the main ending, but regardless I grew tired of them quickly and upon completion I would always feel like ""Oh godFINALLY"" instead of the usual feeling of satisfying accomplishment I got from the other puzzles.SoundtrackI'm out of space here to say more, but it's great!"
,Recommended,257510,24347518,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,PSRB | General Pengu,Playable philosophy. Neat puzzles. Very cool format on Road to Gehenna.
,Recommended,257510,24315539,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Andruis,"Picked it up at the summer sale. It is a great puzzle game, diffcultly variety in the puzzles, different ways to solve each puzzle. Beautiful Atmosphere and beautiful graphics and 3 different endings. I would recommend this for any who loves puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,24310104,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Rorosaurus,"Amazing first-person philosophical puzzle game.  Tons of puzzles, multiple endings and directions you can go.  Interesting texts you uncover inspire interesting questions and implications you don't ordinarily think about mid-game.The response options during discussions are a bit too limited, but I guess any pre-canned response would be.The story is intriguing, the puzzles are engaging, the easter eggs are excellent, and the ending felt surprisingly rewarding!One of my new favorite games."
76561198023174448,Recommended,257510,24290207,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,SharT Attack!!,LOVE IT! Very clever puzzles! I Dig the whole Garden of EDEN spiritual philosophy/ Robot Existential/ Extinct Humanity/ World and God are Computer Programs Meant to trick your Primitive ROBOT Intellect vibe. It really makes you THINK of humanity and yourself in a different way. Talos Principle is Truly an Experience to Behold. I've been telling everyone i know about it!GOT THIS AWESOME GAME ON SALE WITH SERIOUS SAM 3 BFE I MUST SAY BRAVO CROTEAM AND DEVOLVER! EXCELLENT GAMES!
76561198011875372,Recommended,257510,24453929,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,LordBaal,"It´s 7am in the morning ....I´m not human, or?The game told me that I am a frog."
76561198041463310,Recommended,257510,24470558,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,AbsolutePerfectionist[1],"Best and most thoughtful game I played in my entire life. I felt like I was in a flow state throughout the entire main game and extension. I literally read every single document in this game, which was quite a lot and learned loads of interesting stuff (e.g. about materialism and ancient philosophy). I also really enjoyed the conversations with the Milton Library Assistant (ingame AI) nearly twice as much as the challenging puzzles, because it really got me into deep thinking mode sometimes and even changed my perception about certain things I took for granted prior to the conversations, such as the definition of what a person is for example.The atmosphere in this game was incredible, the visuals totally stunning (I enjoyed the sundown and the ""heaven map"" for hours), the gameplay fluent, the puzzles challenging and the story was exciting throughout the entire game.I'd like to thank everyone who participated in this game very very much. I'd love to see more games like this in the future, and then, preferably in Virtual Reality! :D"
,Recommended,257510,24471804,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,saavedro117,"WOW. I got this game over the summer sale, and I am genuinely glad I did. Not only were the puzzle mechanics interesting, confounding, and sometimes outright frustrating, but they fit perfectly into the world as well. There were several points in the game where I was really frustrated, but then I got the solution and felt like 'Now I'm thinking with portals!' (The similarities to the Portal series are glaring with respect to the puzzles).However, it's not only the puzzles that make this game shine. The story itself is very well written, and woven excellently into the game's atmosphere. The story itself has to be the most compelling stories I've seen in a video game to date. The characters, particularly a certain 'she', come across exactly as they're designed to. These are characters that you can generally relate to, especially as they're exploring some very heavy philosophical concepts. This is a brilliantly made game overall, and I would highly reccomend it to anyone who is interested in puzzle/platforming games."
76561198003394568,Recommended,257510,24458558,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Sisillius,"Following an injury to my right thumb, my GP advised me to indulge in fewer “white knuckle” computer games, so I took time out from my usual seat-of-your-pants adrenaline soaked first person shooters to turn to something less likely to give me a heart attack or worse. I chose The Talos Principle, due not only to the excellent reviews from fellow Steamers, but also because as a long-term Mensan, I just love puzzles. All I have to say is, boy, I’m glad I did choose this game!The Talos Principle is now in my top three favourite games of all time, and I’ve played a fair few games since the early days of text-driven computer gaming way back in 1979. This has to be one of the most, if not the most, thought-provoking, moving and challenging games I’ve ever played. The brilliantly thought-out story is fed to you in an epistilatory way via virtual computer terminals from time to time and it soon becomes obvious that this is really a modern take on the story of Original Sin, or I should say Original Sim (sic), because that is the world where you find yourself – you are an undefined android in part of an elaborate virtual reality overseen by the God-like Elohim, whose identity and antecedents become apparent along the way. You also have to fight temptation from Satan in the form of rhetorical battles with the aptly named Milton Library Assistant.Your task is to move through several “gardens” taken from various times in history and your sole purpose is to accumulate tetromino sigils by solving virtual reality puzzles that are fraught with various obstacles and dangers to overcome.  Many of the puzzles require a significant amount of thinking “outside the box” to solve, and the hardest thing is to resolve not to consult a guide for the solution – if you do this, then I imagine that the game would be significantly less satisfying and enjoyable. Despite this, I found that there were at least three or four puzzles that really had me stumped, and after several game hours of scratching my head I had to cry uncle and guiltily Google the solution.To conclude, if you’re after an exclusive diet of mindless shoot-em-up action, this game is not for you. If, however, you like to have your reasoning stretched to its limit, or you need practice for professional aptitude tests (like I went through at the hands of the British Army many years ago), the money you pay for this program will be money well spent. Not only this, but this is a game with a deep thematic core and provides plenty of food for thought in the areas of existential philosophy, theology, literature, sociology and much more. In other words, it’s much, much more than a simple sequence of puzzles.On a marks out of ten score, I would give The Talos Principle a healthy nine. I would award ten but the game occasionally falters and jerks around – I’ve tried playing on several computers of varying specification and they’re all the same. This notwithstanding though, it’s fair to say that once you’ve played this game, your outlook on the world may never be the same again. Mine certainly won’t be."
,Recommended,257510,24380398,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Fredashay,"You wake up to find yoursel in ancient Roman ruins, while God tells you how you are His chosen one.   As you set off to explore, you find a locked gate with some easy puzzles to solve by finding some Tetris pieces (obtained by solving other puzzles) needed to fit into the lock.  Despite seeming taking place in ancient Roman days, you find a computer terminal that reveals some rather disturbing facts about who and where you are.Now, you can approach this game two ways:  Ignore God and all the computer terminals scattered around, and just play to the end solving the puzzles.  Or log onto the terminals to read the logs left behind by the people who built this ""library"" to slowly uncover the truth.As a puzzle game, some of the puzzles are super easy, while some of the puzzles are insanely difficult--a good blend.  But it's not as simple as that--there are also roving enemies in the later puzzle chambers.  I play puzzle games because I like to stop and think about each move and intermediate solution.  I don't have the relexes of a hyperactive adolescent, so I regret there were about 2 or 3 puzzles which I was unable to solve; not because the puzzles themselves were too difficult, but because I kept getting blown up if I paused for a moment to think.   Thereore, I was unable to complete the game.You can unlock tokens (by solving yet more puzzles) that you can turn in to summon ""hint bots"" that will give you hints if you're stuck, but the ""hint bots"" only told me what I already knew:  I have to have hyperactive relexes to solve that particular puzzle.  Thanks a lot hint-bot :-(Still, the game is worth playing, and there's a gazillion easter eggs hidden EVERYWHERE!   I mean, if you're the kind of player who likes to go off the ""track"" and explore for exploring's own sake (yes, this game lets you do that, and some of the overworld levels [as opposed to the actual puzzle chambers] are downright HUGE), you can't help NOT finding a few easter eggs.  So, sure, I recommend it as long as you realize the puzzles are more than mere intellectual exercises--you'll need to think fast in some of them and have quick reflexes, as well, to beat this game."
76561197963508617,Recommended,257510,24382334,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Killer Doughnut,"One of the best puzzle games I have played - tied with Portal as my favourite. Interesting philosophical story and background material, challenging puzzles, and engaging gameplay mechanics. Road to Gehenna somehow makes the base game even better and steps up the difficulty."
76561197988109354,Recommended,257510,24381025,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Free Kurdistan,Entertaining puzzles with increasing difficulty and a simple yet complete plot.
76561198074250984,Recommended,257510,24384605,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Stufferman,"Excellent puzzle-based game that slowly hooks you with background plot. Couldn't wait to find the next audio log by the end of the game, but didn't care much in the beginning. I came in expecting a portal-like experience, left very satisfied with a portal-like experience that passively tried to destroy my concept of humanity. Amazing to favourably compare croteam to valve but this game is super polished. While Portal and most puzzle games like to slowly introduce new factors until you have to juggle solutions, and while Talos does this as well it stands out by doing a phenomenal job of upsetting the balance by frequently presenting solutions that require ""out of the box"" thinking. Great tiering of difficulty as well, you can ""beat"" the game by simply doing the basic puzzles (color coded for your convenience) but this ignores a good (substantially harder) third of the game. If grabbing all the hard stuff for a second ending isn't good enough, you can try your hand at the soul crushing star puzzles and the equally brain melting bonus levels. And if you really want to damage your brain more most levels have at least one easter egg to find, with some easter eggs rivaling the star puzzles for difficulty. I bought this on summer sale and would recommend doing so in a heartbeat. If portal was your favourite game at any point (or you just like puzzle games) then buy this game regardless of sale status."
,Recommended,257510,24383238,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,[bDb]Snuffles,Like Portal but 'heavier.' You could argue that it gets a bit pretentious but I found the narrative engaging and the puzzles challenging. One of the few puzzle games that I've fully 100%'d and loved every second of it.Maybe the best part about this game is that it encourages you to solve its puzzles in whatever way works. There's no forced effort to make players find the 'true solution.'
76561198330054139,Recommended,257510,26377815,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,C4lixtus,"An absoultely fantastic and fascinating game: Not only the game itself - containing various quite different and diverse riddles to solve -  is great, but also the optics and the music: Beautiful landscapes, sublime castles, awe-inspiring ruins and much more to see and a soft, stunning and calm (one might say ""serene"") atmospheric soundtrack is what makes this game an outright must-have in your collection.The riddles may all have more or less the same concept, but there is none that even remotely resembles another, so you will have to find a proper solution for each and every one of them (if you like puzzles, you will love it; it never bores you). They gradually rise in difficulty, so those in the DLC are not quite as easy to solve as those in the first level, of course, but as they are getting harder, you are getting better and one by one all the tetrominos will be yours and you can finish the game. But be aware: There is more than just one possible ending. Unfortunately, the riddles remain the same, if you start anew to finish the remnant endings, so perhaps you might get a little bored solving the same puzzles over and over again: Unless you just use the reload-feature and start again in an earlier point in your game, where another ending is still possible, lest you have to play all the game once more.What I did not like as much was finding all the computer terminals (two or three of them were really well hidden), although reading the texts, threads etc. was great fun. Yet, if you are not really fond of earning all the trophies (or you are just not as obsessed with completing things as far as possible as me), finding the terminals won't bother you, since they are completely irrelevant for finishing the game (despite the fact that they actually contain all the lore notes, so if you want to get to know, how the robot you play had come into his situation, the quest for computers will be indispensable).All in all one of the best and greatest games I've played so far and - to my honest amazement - I would have never thought a game containing absolutely not even the remotest idea of violence could be so fascinating you just wouldn't want to stop playing."
,Recommended,257510,26350832,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,[UZcL] Imus,"This game is amazing.The puzzlesThe puzzles start easy so you have no problems figuring out how to do those without any tutorial. This is perfect since that's what you're going to do throughout the entire game. Figuring out how you should use things yourself. Most of it is obvious what is possible, but at certain points it took me some time to realise where else you can put those cubes.The terminalsIn between puzzles you also have the option of communicating with terminals. This is what makes this game so much more than a fancy 3D puzzle game. It really makes you think about what you are doing in that world, makes you question what you are. And above all gets you thinking about what the difference is between you (the real person playing the game) and a highly advanced AI. But to understand what I mean with that last sentence I guess you have to play the game and talk with those terminals ;)Motion sicknessThe reason this game deserves a 10 for me is what they did to mitigate motion sickness. I can't play games like portal or minecraft because I get really nauseous after half an hour. This game has several options to reduce that problem. Like limiting your movement speed, camera speed, dissable bobbing motion, and more. I could play this game for 3 hours and still only start to feel it a little bit, and that's mostly because I was sprinting all the time.VerdictGraphics9.5/10Content10/10Controls9.5/10"
76561198007813909,Recommended,257510,26082425,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Discount Surgeon,"The Talos Principle is absolutely amazing. That's really the gist of what I have to say about it.Honestly, I was originally on the fence about buying this game. I really enjoy puzzles IN games (e.g. the hacking from Mass Effect, Legend of Zelda dungeon puzzles, etc.), but this is a game centered around puzzles. Would it keep me engaged? Would it be fun? The answer is a resounding yes to both. Every little piece of this game, from the music to the mechanics, from the story to the settings, everything just comes together to deliver this amazing experience.When working through particularly difficult puzzles, I never felt angry or irritated; it was like I was just absorbed into the game itself. I was eager to advance the story, but I also wanted to explore each location. And if I wasn't focused on advancing or exploring, I was mulling over earlier conversations with another character, interactions that still make me question my own beliefs and why I hold them.One last thing I'd like to add is just how much I love how the Talos Principle merges elements from sci-fi with historic ancient/medieval cultures. There's just something that feels sorightabout how well it all fits together. It doesn't take away from your journey, it adds to it. It supports it.An excellent game. 10/10, I highly recommend it."
76561198041244659,Recommended,257510,26107408,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,jimbowen,<3that is all.
76561197969106644,Recommended,257510,26088356,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,supergunnar,An excellent puzzle game.
,Recommended,257510,26088722,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Schadenfreude,"Awesome.  Somewhere the developers for Portal 3 are kicking themselves and saying, ""We should've thought of this."""
76561198030597998,Recommended,257510,26116643,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,james.cradock,This game took 22 hours of my life to complete... And it was worth it! Highly recommended for any fans of Portal or similar First Person Puzzle games.
76561198023064035,Recommended,257510,26119452,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Gahen,"A slow paced, interesting puzzle game which also includes an optional RPG style conversation component. The core puzzles are quite simple, but there are a lot of optional content, which are not necessary for the basic ending, but can open up more interesting information and an optional ending, through more difficult puzzles.I have seen some people complaining about the puzzles being too hard and others complaining about them being too easy. This means that the developers selected the difficulty of the game perfecty. If someone finds the puzzles too hard, I honestly can not recommend this game. In case someone find them too easy, the DLC contains much harder, larger scale puzzles to solve, along with more interesting story elements.Its take on the topic of artificial intelligence with philosophical and religious symbolism is widely unique, and the story revolves around the creation of artificial intelligence, which also is a rarely occuring concept. All this was implemented in the game perfectly, resulting in a simple looking, but incredibly entertaining game, which also makes the player think about things I never imagined to encounter in a game."
,Recommended,257510,30891798,Posted: 1 April,all,DarthNerdist,"Great game.The puzzles are very well thought out, and the collectibles are devilishly hard to find sometimes.The voice acting, music, and story are fantastic.The story does a great job of making you want to learn more.The one downside to me for this game is the quantity of the Tangram puzzles.Sometimes they are impossible to solve, other times they are painfully easy.Would've liked more selection of these sorts of puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,26331286,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,rauq,"So far, the best game I've ever played on my Steam Box. Love the puzzles, love the overall gameplay feel, and really enjoyed the immersive environment and storyline! 10/10 recommended!"
76561198010796087,Recommended,257510,26208573,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,liam.leblanc,Fun puzzles -- 10/10Hard puzzles -- 10/10Philisophical debate -- 10/10Engaging story -- 10/10Figuring out what happened  -- 10/10Makes you think -- 10/10Great voice acting -- 10/10Great Graphics -- 10/10Great Endings -- 10/10Can't play as Brad Pit -- 0/10Overall 90/100 A- would recommend
76561198024600453,Recommended,257510,26260503,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Argos,"Great game, beautiful scenery, great puzzles and underlying mysteries."
76561198175866373,Recommended,257510,26016519,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,cochetmichel49,"Un jeu qui sort du lot ! Graphismes très soignés, jouable même avec une carte graphique moyenne gamme.Puzzles inspirés de Portal, et workshop à la clef§ Pas d'hésitation ! Même à ce prix, les heures sont géniales."
76561198020506980,Recommended,257510,26487641,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Oybluz,"Fantastic puzzle game, awesome story/lore and interactions/dialogues.Only negative point I have : even though the dialogue options are very rich, I very often found myself choosing the option that was the least far from what I wanted to say, because no option reflected the way I thought. It was a bit (a lot in a few occasions) frustrating, but it may be because my brain is just weird, and it was not a deal breaker at all."
76561198143709952,Recommended,257510,26486079,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,locust,"This may be in my top five favorite games ever. If you're a person that like Portal or Portal 2 (read: everybody), you'll love this game!"
,Recommended,257510,26531824,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TRENTA | COLD | BREW,"I'm a big fan of puzzle games...however, my only criticism is one at a technical level. For a really good-looking game, I own others that are far more graphically demanding that run at 100x the optimization that The Talos Principle runs. I get a SOLID 60 FPS @ 1080 ultra on DOOM...I can run GTA V on pretty much all very high WITH V-sync on getting 55-60 solid. TTP chugs at times when it really doesn't make sense that it does. So please, if the developers see this comment someday, please optimize your games better. It makes everyone happy :)"
76561198123166609,Recommended,257510,24777785,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,RossD41,amazing game it like portal without the portals but the puzzles are just as good if not betterplus i just love being a robot
76561198031842639,Recommended,257510,24617863,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,T3chnology,No words can convey the love I feel for this game.
,Recommended,257510,24597331,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Politiskt Inkorrekt Pappa,"For some reason I'd missed The Talos Principle and I never bothered to check what it was......until a few weeks ago!The Talos Principle is such a diverse game with both excellent gameplay - and story - that should satisfy even the most picky gamer. I for one loved the philosophical side of the game as much as the puzzle elements, and over all The Talos Principle felt like a grown up version of Portal somehow...There are different ways to end the game and I've managed to to them all now and my next purchase on Steam will be Road to gehenna for sure!I don't want to spoil anything for you so I'm not going to give any further details here...The recent news of a Talos 2 in the making also sounds very promising!If you liked the Portal instalments and want a great philosophical story then this is the game for you! Regardless if bought on sale or not, the game is worth whatever price is on the tag!Best game in a very long time if you ask me. :)"
76561198143763509,Recommended,257510,24676312,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TesterNoob,"If you like puzzle games in an attractive environment with a cool story (like f. ex. Portal), then you will love this one!Not only does it challenge your brain with creative and well selected combinations of challenges but it has also an awesome soundtrack, beautiful scenes and a wonderful set of story-pieces, easter-eggs and advanced challenges to discover - and that is even topped by multiple possible endings.All of that perfectly implemented with practically no bugs and even in the tons of text material I didn't encounter a single typo - you can really feel the love and dedication that was put into this game at every moment.The best puzzle game I have ever played!"
76561198013536429,Recommended,257510,24643317,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,locksheer,Amazing... This game is just amazing.
76561198198536890,Recommended,257510,24501621,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,LazyLagz,"Alright, so two of the most common things I hear about this game is that it reminds them of Portal, and that the puzzles get a bit samey and repetitive after a while. These are both fair points, however, to address both of them, firstly, the only real similarity between Portal and The Talos Principle is that it is a sci-fi puzzle game. Sure there's also an omniscient narrator forcing you through trials but their purposes are very different, in my mind. Secondly, yes, the puzzles do get repetitive, but then, they also had a steady progression, which left a lot of room for pacing as well as serving a purpose; you play as an android, who has freshly awoken into the world they find themselves in, and you're left to piece together who you are and what all this is, and so the puzzles are a reflection on that; In this game, you start a child and finish an adult, in a metaphorical sense.This game hooked me from the start with not only its sense of enigma and intrigue, but also the way that philosophy is foregrounded at a level that is accessible to all. What I will say is that it isn't worth the full price and one would do best to wait for it to be on sale; I found the game to feel a little bit too short for my liking and while the puzzles weren't repetitive, often the dialogue or notes seemed to repeat themselves or serve not much purpose at all. But if you're a fan of thought-provoking, fun, serene (with the exception of traps, those things made me tense more than they should have...) puzzle games, then this will sit nicely in your library"
,Recommended,257510,24550757,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Troll3Killer,Really makes you think about your existance.
,Recommended,257510,24550645,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Cole,The games story is great butthe puzzle elements quickly get stale.Fun overall though
76561198034900164,Recommended,257510,24428752,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Tihan,Yes
,Recommended,257510,24586843,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Xayer,"Awesome Puzzle Game for anyone who liked Portal. It has nice mechanics that are added over time, multiple endings, a deep hidden plot, it's really philosophical and just fun. Only negative thing is, that the world seems a bit too static, but the atmosphere is still good. I love it."
,Recommended,257510,24699671,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,JimseytheMurph,"Great non-linear puzzle game with an interesting story, beautiful set pieces, and a thought-provoking commentary on what it means to be human."
76561198085129163,Recommended,257510,24567088,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Jupper,"The Talos Principle is easily the best puzzle game I've ever played, and it quickly became one of my favorite games in my entire Steam collection.The puzzle mechanics are reminicent of Portal and Portal 2 but whereas those game went for humor and cleverness, The Talos Principle instead opts for challenge and detail. The increase in difficulty is remarkable but always fair, and you feel like a genius when you finally figure out the solution. Clearing every puzzle and getting all the bonuses is a really monumental feat that requires extensive exploration (I mean like, knowing every square inch of the level) but it was incredibly satisfying when I was successful. I did not 100% the game without looking up some parts, but I came so close that I could justify a little bit of cheating to myself :)I went into the game knowing it was a well-regarded puzzle game with Greco-Roman mythological references thrown in and that's it, and I think that was the right amount of in-the-dark for me to get completely immersed in the narrative. The Steam trailer is a fair introduction, but I strongly encourage going in with less knowledge than even that. Yes, the game is heavily philosophical, but luckily it doesn't get stuck in the ""freshman in college"" mindset. The philosophy elements really get the player to think in a way no other game has done for me.Overall, this is a stunning, textured, and rewarding game that I recommend for anybody who sees the tags ""puzzle"" and/or ""atmospheric"" and has their interest piqued."
,Recommended,257510,24612886,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Cedric Nibblenutz,Amazing game for people into puzzle games in the same vein as Portal. The philosophy aspects are interesting too and the overall the game looks great.
,Recommended,257510,24598246,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Blurration,"An experience to be experienced. What Jonathan Blow's 'The Witness' should have been. A true inspiration.I really don't want to write too much, as I firmly believe you will be better off jumping into the game blind. But rest assured that this game is worth it's while and your money. I really don't have complaints about this game. I have some VERY minor issues with some level design decisions, but those are only relevant for post end-game content and secrets, so for a first playthrough I'd say this game is pretty much perfect.Buy this game."
76561198095162266,Recommended,257510,24632370,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Nemesis,"Puzzle games like this only come every now and again; It'll be a while before we get to see another puzzler top this one. What makes the Talos Principle stand out from the crowd is it's clearly superior puzzle design and the great story. I felt the pacing was a bit off as some of the puzzles can be challenging and you must clear quite a few before reaching the next area of the game. However this issue is mitigated somewhat by the tidbits of info you are given as you  progress and by the dialog exchange between the player and computer.Not much else to say without spoiling it, so... In closing the game is fantastic: there are some puzzles that will really stump you and many secrets to find for the completionist or for those seeking the extra challenge. The story is cool too, but that brings us to  my only gripe with the game. It may feel for some like a slog as you near the end, however there are multiple endings and  getting the 'good' ending over the 'bad' ending takes a gross amount of effort making the pay off seem light  since this ending is foreshadowed during the coourse of the game.8/10"
76561198194147245,Recommended,257510,24553369,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,jolex,"Excellent combination of intricate puzzles and reflections on humanity and consciousness. After learning basic principles puzzle solutions may become somewhat repetitive, nevertheless the curiosity and desire to uncover the mystery of the given world is sufficient enough to keep going forward, to truly rewarding ending. Prepare to doubt everything you believe..."
76561198166773819,Recommended,257510,24555896,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,standingonasoapbox,"I have so few words. ""Hidden depths"" is the quickest I can sum things up, given that I've just completed my first play through and I'm still in awe. I already know I've missed things in earlier levels, and I didn't even attempt most of the bonus levels! Definitely going to play through it again."
76561197960767364,Recommended,257510,24415425,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,mth,"Very fun puzzle game!Was challenging as well and there were a few that took a LONG time to solve.There are a few mechnics to the puzzles which are simple on their own, but the game quickly combines them to make a much more rewarding experience.Also the story was actually very interesting in the sense that it made you think,Almost like a philosophy lesson at times.The environment is beautiful, as is the music."
,Recommended,257510,24623109,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Ur Mommas Boyfriend,"Start for the puzzles, stay for the philosophy. All around great experience."
76561198042616173,Recommended,257510,24465810,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,cyrocrystal,"I've replayed this enough times that I think it deserves it's own review, even if it is a long time after release. I love this game, it is an amazing sight seeing tour that makes you solve puzzles and contemplate questions that philosopers have been asking since we as a species figured out that we are self aware. It is a lovely game and you should get it.Positives:The puzzles in this game almost always advance in logical ways, and the puzzles support the story well, and don't outstay their welcome.The story and lore areunbelievablysatisfying and good. I wanted to find every area and every terminal there was to find more of the story and world lore. I was very satisfied at the end.The controls make sense, and the gameplay and puzzle elements, like boxes, beams etc. are all easy to use.There are enough secret areas, easter eggs, and secret interactions that I've found something new every time I've played.This is one of the few games where even the responses you can give other characters (in and out of dialog) make you thinkNegatives: (practically none.)A lot of the finer rules for solving puzzles, getting stars, or getting to secret areas aren't stated anywhere and aren't obvious, even after a few in game hours.Some puzzles don't make certain mechanics required to solve the puzzles clearYou can place boxes on the kamikaze bots, and it is both possible and necessary for many bonus stars to need to redirect lasers from one puzzle into another through the purple doors (the ones you can't take objects through).Some of the bonus stars are near impossible to figure out without guides or going outside the game itself. You actually need a QR code reader to get one star, among other things.There are hints in latin, and one star requires the date of the moon landing, so if you don't know that off the top of your head, you'll need to look it up if you want that sparkly star"
,Recommended,257510,17326893,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,HELLruler,"The finest puzzle game I've played in years!Each of those puzzles have been carefully made to challenge you. From simple ""jam this, connect that"" to ones where you have to control time, turn on fans, avoid traps and get everything to the right place. Not only that, but the game also has a great story, multiple endings and secretsMost of the game is decently challenging (excluding some stars, those are really hard to get), and you learn the tricks as you progressThe only con is its price. Talos Principle is great, but the game is fairly short depending on how much you take to solve the puzzles. Wait for a sale and grab it, no regrets"
,Recommended,257510,24486300,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Madou,"Innovative PuzzlesInnovative DesignInnovative StoryPlay it blind, it will shock you"
,Recommended,257510,24544389,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,"Discount Snaski,","Great philosophical puzzle game.Can be a bit overlong if you're not a big fan of puzzles.If you're a fan of philosophy, physics, conciousness, programming or just like games with a deeper story, this game is easy to recoomend."
76561198072421595,Recommended,257510,24680532,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,allen le amlond,The Talos Principle made me question my existence as a person.I don't regret buying this.Best game I've ever bought.
76561197988097838,Recommended,257510,23546565,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,pongo,"Love it. The atmosphere, the music, and the voice they just take you to another place. Its soothing but the puzzles can be really difficult which kind of gets to me at times. But I loved it, and now I am playing the DLC. Totally worth it if you like puzzles and mellow time."
76561198010197025,Recommended,257510,24000760,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BlueBalou,majestic
76561198048852237,Recommended,257510,24004201,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SomeKevin,"More than enough reviews have been written that will give more insight. Listen to them, try this game out."
,Recommended,257510,14832054,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,oxy,"The reviews don't lie. This game is phenomenal. There is no denying the parallels to Portal, but who cares when you have a magnificent game like this?Just buy it."
,Recommended,257510,14799586,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,"Spank me, Daddy","Warning for Mac Users:This isn't the most optimised Mac-port out there. The game remains in full-screen, even when set to windowed, and you can't return to the desktop or other windows without shutting down the game. There was no controller support, and the game crashed twice in these first four hours of playing. So if you can, run the game on a Windows PC :DThese issues however didn't even come close to spoiling the amazing time I've had with the game so far. Definitely recommended to anyone who loves their puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,14799912,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Zaulk~,"This game makes you think. Its got challanging puzzles, philosophy and even a bit of humor. 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,14853206,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Capt.Sweglord,"In the beginning were the Words,and the Words made the world.I am the Words.The Words are everything.Where the Words end the world ends.You cannot go forward in an absence of space."
76561198021391044,Recommended,257510,14847889,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,pep556,Great so far
76561198066543771,Recommended,257510,14848088,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,bleat,"Utterly beautiful puzzle game that is so much more than a puzzle game. By far my favorite game that I've played in at least 3 years, and like other people have said, you can't really compare it with Portal. Talos maintains it's nature as a series of really fun and progressively more-and-more-challenging  puzzles, but all of the gameplay ties beautifully into the story, and the story is what really makes the game for me. It is wonderfully thought-provoking and philosophical, and it fits its lessons perfectly into the plot line that you slowly unravel throughout the game. What pushes this game into my all-time favorite list is the awesome off-map and inter-puzzle little secret hidden gems. Essentially, it's awesome, and if you like puzzle games and philosophy, this is your game."
76561198035989165,Recommended,257510,14828480,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Cruces,"Addictive. Puzzle after puzzle after puzzle. And there are A LOT of puzzles.No, seriously. The puzzles are GOOD and the game ADDICTIVE and I've been playing A LOT and the end is nowhere in sight."
,Recommended,257510,14676642,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,sleepofreason,"Fantastic game in every way.  Beautiful worlds, creative puzzles, captivating soundtrack, and intriguing story.  It took me 50 hours to complete!  So worth it."
,Recommended,257510,14639703,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Daius,"There is no major story beaten in to you with an over worked cut scene.There is no gritty hand to hand combat or space age weapons.There is no feeling of being rushed to a final objective.There is no ""Make it more Awesome"" or ""Add more monsters""It has force barriers, fences, turret mounted miniguns, floating mines and other such things to get in the way.But they are just in the way.  They provide you with ways to bypass or counter these devices.It has puzzles.  Some are simple, some are hard.  All of them can be completed with a little brain power.It has Tetrominos.  They are awards for doing the puzzles and unlock things for other puzzles.The music: great.The graphics? great.The difficulty: good.The replayability: meh... but such is the downfall of a puzzle game."
76561198020308886,Recommended,257510,14640463,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,ABJL,"Best puzzle / exploration  game ever. Wonderful storyline. Buy it, enjoy it, find all the hidden secrets!"
,Recommended,257510,23834039,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Raged,"Without a doubt the greatest game I've ever played. It looks beautiful, promotes higher levels of thinking than most other games by way of problem solving and philosophy, and gives you a huge feeling of satisfaction. 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,23837400,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,jerk mcgee,This game is so much fun. The puzzles are excellently designed and the developers are fantastic. If you like puzzle games to any degree you will probably like this.
,Recommended,257510,17258338,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Xardas,"This game just blows your mind if you get yourself into it. It's about humainty, mankind - were it begins, and were it (may) end. Very intresting concept of playing and an amazing story which is even without combining it with the amazing puzzle concept worth playing the game.10/10 would killhimagain."
76561197969476458,Recommended,257510,24084379,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SuperT,I Loved this game. If you like solving puzzles then this is a game for you. The puzzles were very intriguing and head scratching at times. But it was a real pleasure to figure them all out. In the end it left me wanting more. The story was ok but I was totally not expecting the ending which left me shaking my head. I highly recommend this game.
76561197990998022,Recommended,257510,24052977,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mr. Nice Guy,"I did not expect to love this game. I can't even remember why I bought it.It's a truly remarkable piece of work. For the first couple of hours I thought ""oh, it's a cute puzzle game, and there are these annoying computer sequences I have to read from time to time."" But then, I started to realize how the computers were part of the puzzle, in much the same why I was solving the levels, the computers were giving me fragments to piece together the story.It even debated me philisophocially :PIt's good."
,Recommended,257510,24048864,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Skullbone,"I got this in the summer sale 2016, because I thought it was kindof like Portal or Q.U.B.E.And it is, puzzle based first person 3D game. I really like it, it's entertaining and challaging, and it has a good story.It's up to the player if he wants to focus only on the puzzles, or go deeper into the story, finding hidden texts and clues here and there, but it's not required.Well worth the money!"
,Recommended,257510,24094909,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Zozo,"Very much enjoyed this.  It hard for me to give an objective critique, but I started this mid-sunday morning, and played through to monday afternoon, stopping only to sleep.I suppose you could say there are four ""worlds"" with their variety of puzzles.  There's an order to them, as you have to unlock puzzle elements to solve the higher puzzles, but I didn't feel any pressure to stick to an exact order, nor time frame, spending a lot of time exploring the various areas.The way the puzzles occasionally interact with each other is a nice touch.The story is nice, too, but not shoved down your throat.  You could probably just do the puzzles and never really know what's going, except that this big booming voice keeps talking to you.  I, for one, went out of my way to discover the story, and rather liked it.  And this is definitely one of those games where you're not quite sure if you ""won"" or not, and I rather love those.My one complaint is that the music CAN get repetitive, but only if you end up stuck on something.  I recall learning to hate some of the tetris locks, and the music on the stages where you unlock the mentors as a result.  I suppose that's about par for the course for puzzle games, though.Over all, thoroughly enjoyed."
,Recommended,257510,24093273,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,VoluntaryPanic,Brilliant puzzle game but the real clincher that puts this miles above many other games is the philosophical issues it not only raises but forces you to engage with.
76561198061474260,Recommended,257510,24087837,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Роковая Клешня,"Incredible atmosphere, music and interesting puzzles. Very nice game."
,Recommended,257510,24088392,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,vodolaz095,"""Using Axe and a Prayer, you can do much more, than just using the Axe."""
,Recommended,257510,22696095,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Mcsqueeb,PUZZLES!!@!@!@!@!
76561198057933666,Recommended,257510,24068877,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lockersnap,"Solid puzzle game that I felt I got my money's worth.  A lot of philosophy reading on what it means to be human and with multiple choice only so many answers you can make.  I'm glad I played it.  If you don't want the philosophy, ignore the computer screens."
,Recommended,257510,24069049,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,RJNFC,"This game can best be described as Portal meets Myst. I recommend turning off the view bobbing - it made me nauseous. However, the game itself is really good - not too long or short, and a very engaging narration/plot. Puzzles scale from super easy to incredibly difficult."
,Recommended,257510,24071622,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sirius4srs,"I haven't played a whole lot of this game so far, but I had to come write my first ever review because I love it so much thus far. It's a great puzzle game and I'm really intrigued by the story. I have Croatian heritage, so it's really cool to listen to it in what appears to be the original language. I'm a sucker for games with a lot of full language options (audio + subtitles, not just interface). This one does not disappoint. This game seems like a puzzle game similar to portal, but with different tools at your disposal to actually solve the puzzle. I got this game on sale, but if I had known I would like it this much, I'd have been willing to pay full price."
76561198118009051,Recommended,257510,24067454,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MouseBalls,"This is a great post-apocalyptic sci-fi game much like Portal. As countless others have said, ""If you like Portal, you'll like this game."" There are similarities between Portal and this game, but this game is different enough to get your thinkmeat going. It also has an RPG aspect kind of like Mass Effect in that the decisions you make when interacting with the computer affect your possible outcomes (not a huge difference, mainly just what output the computer will give you in the end).Some of the puzzles were just one step too hard for me to figure out. Youtube walkthroughs helped on about 5 of the puzzles, which, after you see them you think, ""Oh man, I'm a dumb***."" There are several levels and puzzles to each level. Lots of Easter eggs. And you can play either 1st person or 3rd person view. I played 1st person through about 75% of the game before realizing I could switch to 3rd person view, and I actually preferred the 1st person overall.Final note: BUY THIS GAME! It's $39.99 regularly, and during the Steam Sale it's $9.99. It's definitely worth the $40 and has high replay value."
,Recommended,257510,24069909,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mooshire,"Let me start off this review by saying that I do not often review games, but this one has definitely earned my review.I have to say, I'm a sucker for a well written story, and the way this game slowly reveals bits to you as you play through the game makes you want to solve the puzzles even more. A word of advice, don't skip things. Read everything you come across, you won't regret it.Thanks very much to Croteam for bringing this game to me, I thoroughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,257510,24066635,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Arctic Leaf,"This isn't really a game as much as it is a thinking simulator, which is really weird in concept, but in reality it works pretty good IF you enjoy thinking with your video games. After playing Portal, the game mechanics are still good but I was not impressed. However this game makes up in areas where Portal lacked, such as addressing a deeper issue and problem of Artificial Intelligence, which I found extremely entertaining and fresh in a world of Zombie survival horror games. I recommend this game, if you want an puzzle game, with new and interesting mechanics, and an excellent story that definitely make you think about, if not completely change your opinions on what it is to be truly human."
76561197989964946,Recommended,257510,24014713,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Baxtex,"I've never heard of this game, but I saw it on sale for 10 euros and looked kinda like portal in the trailer so I thought ""what the heck, might aswell buy it"". I was blown away! Fantastic music, gorgous graphics amazing story! One of the best game's i've played. BUT there seems to be some iproblems for me, the game sometimes freezes so I have to kill it with the task manager, then my settings are reset. This happends from time to time."
,Recommended,257510,21988559,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Dirk McThermot,"Never before have I played a game that makes me question my own existence, among a few other of my (not well thought out) philosophical viewpoints. I was expecting to enjoy this game for a bit of fun, but it ended up being one of my favorites of all time.Pros:- Puzzles are fun and challenging.- Graphics are good and the worlds are very pretty to look at.- Philosophical elements of the narrative are very well-integrated to the rest of the game and the story.- Voice acting (where it exists) is solid.- Story is very unique and unforgettable.- Soundtrack is beautiful and relaxing.Cons:- Some of the puzzles are a little *too* challenging. But that's all part of the fun!If you like puzzle games, particularly those similar to Portal and Portal 2, this game is an absolute must-play. 10/10."
00772299337788224,Recommended,257510,21349846,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,[NM] j a m e s,"This game will satisfy your Portal craving. With puzzles way harder and more invigorating, this game will encapsule you in a state of complete focus as you struggle to complete the puzzles.The storyline leaves you wondering about the future of AI, and how much we rely on computers.Elohim, and all the voice actors have an effect on you, making you think about your decisions.If you're into puzzles and loved portal and/or any game that leaves you with thought, this is a must-buy."
,Recommended,257510,21367790,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,taihak,"The game itself is not bad, the puzzles are pretty challenging and there's a lot of them, plus hidden ones so you have  a lot to do. At one point it got a bit overwhelming though because unlike in games like Portal, the storyline itself is not captivating enough...Was dissapointed by all endings."
76561198113248634,Recommended,257510,21515644,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,LePourpre,"Good god, mixing a phillosophic tale with a puzzle game is just plain brilliant. Once asked question you think about it, even while playing through puzzles and you are always eager to get the next question.This game is a gem, brilliant, buy it if you like to think about yourself and life, or if you like puzzles. Or for any other reasons."
76561197980412549,Recommended,257510,21494321,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Rabidnid,"Like portal? You will like this. It could be called  ""Portal 3 - Ancient Empires"" except for the potenial copyright infringment."
76561198025856566,Recommended,257510,21527915,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,danielle.turner,I'm addicted!
76561198025037662,Recommended,257510,21637536,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Bamela Bamderson,"Anyone who doesn't buy this game for ten dollars is a fool.  SO, so good."
,Recommended,257510,21630243,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,JamesdLang,"Awesome puzzle game, with a great storyline, philosophical and Matrix like undertones, it had me glueed to it.I had parts where I couldn't figure out how the hell I was going to do it, but then tried something I didn't think you could do and it worked.As you progress you begin to be able to use different skills/items and as you learn you remember to go back and get that star, or try to do that thing that you now know is possible.I've played it through a couple of times. I usually wait until I forget about it, then have to refigure out how to do everything again. You'll find there are variations on ways to solve the puzzles, so even after a few playthroughs I'm finding new things."
76561198069333447,Recommended,257510,21633777,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,mkpl,"This game is fantastic.Also, it taught me how to read hex."
,Recommended,257510,21634017,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Shrekoo7,"17 hours in and I have no idea how much left, Simply an amzing, thought provoking, colorful, challenging 1st person puzzle game. In my opinion more challenging then the portal games, and worth buying."
,Recommended,257510,21664671,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,durianBOSS,Do yourself a favour and get this game.
,Recommended,257510,17552771,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Troy_The_Man,This is a game about puzzles and philosphy.9.8/10Its great
76561198089947276,Recommended,257510,21664900,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Baldimor,"OMG! It's 5am, time for bed, this game is addictive. If you like exploring and puzzles this one is for you. It kinda reminds of PORTAL.Oh and this thing is AMAZING with 3 monitors going at the same time, the resolution is only limited to your rig!"
,Recommended,257510,21665957,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Darth Vader™ ☾☆,if you like puzzles dont miss this gamethis game not good because perfect <3
76561198109291464,Recommended,257510,21608121,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,0DIGITAL0,This is one of those games u sit there going....... damn........
,Recommended,257510,21575525,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,slipknotic086,"Game is phenomenal. Very thought provoking and challenging in a way that doesn't frustrate you, but forces you to see what has always been the solution, staring you right in the face. The story honestly suprised me, and after beating, I felt the need to leave a review, which I NEVER do. Buy. This. Game!"
,Recommended,257510,21570127,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Alphahex,"This game has many endings, but everytime you finish it, it AUTOMATICALLY restarts everything and you start from the beggining and if you want to see the other endings, you have to spend another 10 hours solving very difficult puzzles.But even playing it once and seeing only one ending was enough, it definitely has a very interesting story and easter eggs."
76561198015196096,Recommended,257510,21618878,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Isterbollen,Great game
76561198285949279,Recommended,257510,21621553,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Booowen,"This game is absolutely a masterpiece. I only played less than an hour and was already hooked, and would have played all through the night if my GPU didn't give up on me. So I recommend everyone who has a powerful enough GPU to buy this game, especially during this sale. A quick note: the GPUs of Macs can't handle this game, and you will have to buy an extra one to plug in while playing. But the gameplay makes up for any hassle you need to get it started; this is a game 50 times better than Portal 2."
76561198031906143,Recommended,257510,21656305,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Jaclair,The best puzzle game I have ever played with an interesting storyline and smooth difficulty curve.
76561197990635959,Recommended,257510,21655894,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Dieter,Enjoyable scenery.  Very good voice acting.  Controls feel smooth.  A nice first person puzzle game.
,Recommended,257510,16813657,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,DrunkMonkey,The Talos Principle makes you feel the intelligent
,Recommended,257510,22396753,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,thehintonian,Longer and more challenging than portal. Excellent backstory making you really think about the philosphy behind AI.
76561198171098743,Recommended,257510,22401407,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Colonel Spurdo,come on and slam and welcome to the*click* *beebeep*jam10/10 can rival portal
,Recommended,257510,22438414,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,no one mains hanzo except me,Never been so stressed out beating a ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561198054006923,Recommended,257510,22442673,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Dractaros,"For those of you familiar with Croteam this game is very different from there main game serious same, a non-combative puzzle game. honestly this game (while I hate to sound like almost everyone else) is similar tot hat of a portal game in that you have to deal with puzzles that become increasingly difficult with numerous innovative gadgets and devices you have to utilize to solve the puzzles, the major thing different is the central game mechanic that is truly unique (I.E. the portal gun for portal), that's not to say that the puzzles won't get challenging and difficult.The graphics and music for this game or beautiful and grand and one of only two flaws I can really grip about with this game was some FPS issues I had occupationally after area loading. The game does have a sotry but it's the kind of story that you have to try and piece together and even then (my second grip) the story doesn't tell you everything leaving holes that I'd guess you have to imagine. There are hidden stars in the game that are part to one of three endings you can unlock in the game but honestly unless you have a very investigative nature you will likely have to look up finding some if not all of them.One of the biggest things I loved about this game, (besides the extremely provocative philosophical nature in the game) is the Easter eggs that Corteam love to add in, though there is no real benefit to finding them (no overall score with Easter eggs adding to it) they are just fun and funny to find out and give major nods to other games such as portal and minecraft just to name two. Theres even one if you find it that adds a small little detail to one of the endings, nothing big but cute none the less.Overall its a really fun game that can easily waste away about 20 hours, more if you decide to play throguh again just for the hell of it (or if you don't use the restore last checkpoint option), one more thing is that unless you don't mind going through it again that restore last checkpoint option will be your best friend because each ending will restart you, one of them pushing you through to the beginning right away. One final side note is that there is a cute little thing in game where you can paint little notes that some of your other friends can see allowing you to be a little silly if you want (not anything major but it was kinda cool to go through a area and find a not one of my friends left, but you need to find a paint bucket in the stage to do this, and you only get one use out of each and it can only be used in that area."
76561197969552528,Recommended,257510,22450423,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Knitler,This is by far one of the best games I've ever played.12/10Pure brilliance!
76561197970409135,Recommended,257510,22871413,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ehec gonna kill us all,"Great story, Great puzzle as good as portal 1+2 if not even better 10/10 from meGot it on sale. But this game had been worth the full price for sure."
,Recommended,257510,22851638,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,suzannert,"Love it. It's reminds me of the original myst. The puzzles are great, this is a game that makes you use your head."
76561198030528976,Recommended,257510,22839900,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Iophiel,"Amazing game! If you like immersive, world-based puzzle games like Portal, you will absolutely enjoy this. It has an interesting storyline to go along with it, as well -- both the original game and the DLC ""Road to Gehenna"" (in some ways, I actually enjoyed Gehenna's storyline more than the original game's).I will absolutely go back and play this game again and again, just like I do occasionally with the Portal/Portal 2 games. It was comparable to them when it came to the puzzles, absolutely. And even harder in many cases, to the point that I had to look up a few hints for solutions (which I don't think I ever needed to do in Portal/Portal 2).Would absolutely recommend!"
,Recommended,257510,22844228,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ShoanGachi,"This game is just amazing. Puzzles require a lot of thought, music is absolutely great, and the world is beautiful. But the best part of the game is the story, which was quite a puzzle in itself. I'm thinking about ranking Talos Principle as my favourite game i've ever played.Also, the cat is there somewhere."
,Recommended,257510,22844783,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Enforcer,Its super puzzle game but it has very hard puzzles. i recommend it to anione who like puzzles
,Recommended,257510,22855589,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,DarthDovahkiin5,You know a game is good when it makes you question your core beleifs.This game is probably my favorite in my entire libary. It's so f***ing good I find myself at 1 am thinking about it.It's more than just puzzles. Just get it. You will not regret it.Uhg. I can't do it justice. So f***ing good!
,Recommended,257510,22887132,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,luckyjoe80,"Easily one of my favorite games of all time, along with Wizardry, circa 1980. That's all I've got."
76561198033912028,Recommended,257510,22802857,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,fkos,"This really is an excellent game. Well thought out (and occasionsally very hard) puzzles, intelligently written, lovely visuals. This sort of game is the antidote to point and shoot fodder like COD (don't get me wrong, I like COD, but sometimes it's nice to play a game that forces you to use your brain)."
76561198054594472,Recommended,257510,17938066,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Smiles,"Great game. It is the kind of game that stays with you after a playing session. Definitely recommend it. Relaxing and thought provoking.I picked it up on a sale, well worth it when it comes on sale. The DLC is also a great pickup too."
76561197996941383,Recommended,257510,22909067,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,The Holy Kataruna,Very good brain game and I just learned it was written by the writer of The Swapper which is also one of my favorites. Thanks and keep them coming please.
,Recommended,257510,22895730,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,meimtheone,Very good.
76561197980771274,Recommended,257510,22895851,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Rubenfrin,"It's curious. I have mixed feelings about this game. All in all a very good experience. Good graphics, atmosphere, setting, puzzles and general idea.But...and there shouldn't be a but. I felt there were too many puzzles for the sake of puzzles. I really got tired of doing them after some point. There are hints and tips about some of the ocurrences in the outside world that could have been explored more.So I recommend, but honestly expected more. Maybe because of the overwhelmingly positive results. Oh well."
,Recommended,257510,22902419,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Vixxen,Has a very portal-esque feel to it. Would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys that style of gameplay.
,Recommended,257510,22667086,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,st3f0o,"“These worlds and we within them are made of Words.Hidden Words, invisible to you, yet part of all things. We are a Story. Your actions give life to the Story, and the Story gives meaning to your life.”"
,Recommended,257510,25433431,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,gyaku_zuki,"I loved it.This game has aspects that just work for me; a sci-fi story, computer themes, AI themes, simple mechanics, a great difficulty curve, and completionist hidden stuff.At the core, the strategy is straightforward - collect tetronimos using a variety of tools, combining several into complex solutions as the game progresses. Sometimes, you get those real head scratchers, but immense satisfaction once you finally solve it.If you get quickly frustrated, this one might be a struggle, especially if you plan to collect all the pieces, stars, and the DLC. Man, the DLC gets devious.Other positives are a great graphics style and setting, subtle yet compelling story progression and character development, and nice touches like QR codes. No obvious negatives!Extremely highly recommended - 92% from me!PS: Lots of easter eggs in this one, if you care to look..."
76561197961487407,Recommended,257510,25431569,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Slickire,"Great puzzle game that is a really good mental workout.The decepetively simple puzzles become ruinously hard to solve as the game progresses(gold stars are an optional extra challenge).Thought provoking storyline, with multiple endings but doesnt get in the way of gameplay. Try resist looking up solutions online, or it will become increasingly hard to solve subsequent puzzles.In 20 years time, I would still recommend this game as worth playing."
76561197973867978,Recommended,257510,25431591,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Grey Area,"Great visuals, intriguing puzzles, secrets plus interesting storyline...about 12 months since i last played it...would really benefit from VR support looking back..."
,Recommended,257510,14643146,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,SP3NC3R,"This game is truly amazing. If you like portal, then you will love this. But as portal is very linear, this game has more open world elements to it. There are 7 worlds within 1 world, then 3 of those worlds within 1. Each world has puzzles and other secrets. There are different tools used to complete these puzzles and man, some of these puzzles are really challenging. And there is a story behind it, you start as this robot with a voice from the sky, talking to you as if it was your God. As you progress through the story, and I'm not done yet so don't quote me, but I believe there are three possible endings? Two are very clear, and I'm sure there is one other with the right dialogue choices. At each world there is a computer with lore about the world and other interesting reads, and the computer has in AI that you progress with throughout the game.In conclusion, this game is a must for anyone who enjoys puzzles. The landscapes are pure beauty, the music is very enjoyable, and I love hearing the mysterious voice in the sky. And it is mysterious, you believing or rejecting with decide the ending. Everytime he speaks I get shivers down my spine, its that good."
76561198087236603,Recommended,257510,25418379,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,L. Leviathan,"I purchased this game when it was around $25 and would recommend it even at full price.The only comparison that one could make with Portal is that this is a puzzle game, which also has you going through chambers - or realms. The narrative however, is quite a bit stronger and more interesting in my opinion. Puzzles range from easy, medium, to hard on the green, orange, and red sections respectively. There are also ""Hard +"" bonus puzzles known as Star Sigils which require you to think outside the box and have stumped me for a half hour on a few occasions - I thought the puzzles in the Portal series were too easy and these were a welcome addition. To remedy the repetition of puzzle-solving, the game includes audio logs to help expand on the story when the main narrator has said his part and also has plenty of easter eggs which can be found in almost - if not every - ""realm"".Try not to miss the computer terminals scattered throughout the trials; reading and engaging with the terminal feels like a game in and of itself. I don't think I have anything bad to say about it. If there was one negative aspect, it would be more of an omission than an error or intrinsic problem with the game, and it's that this game is only single-player. Portal 2 increased its longevity by allowing you to play with friends once you finished, or even before finishing the main story-line. This is the only game I've reviewed and I wanted to give it high praise given the amount of times I have seen it on sale even outside of holiday sale periods. An engaging story, impressive graphics, puzzles are challenging, and lots of small details added by the developers in forms of easter eggs and level designs.So is this game worth it at $11? Without question."
76561198005991027,Recommended,257510,25418914,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,sineyopity,This game is amazing.  One of the only games currently out that made me want to pay attention to the story in the game.
,Recommended,257510,25454226,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Chaotic Lightning,"This has to be one of the only puzzle games I have played where instead of being motivated by the next complex, greatly made puzzles, I instead wanted to progress simply for more philosophical questions. That in of it's self is an amazing acomplishment."
76561198048404089,Recommended,257510,25458018,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ImGerik,A puzzle game on par with Portal.Except it's psychological rather than comedical.Very good and very pretty. 10/10
,Recommended,257510,25458856,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Gamamoto,"Amazing puzzles, if you like being stuck while thinking about a solution and developping your mad solving skills this game is for you. 10/10 would recommend !"
,Recommended,257510,25459995,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,X-toph,Beautiful logic puzzle game with intriguing story and makes me ponder about human existence through solid questions!
,Recommended,257510,25356066,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,foleydil,"Such a fantastic game. I loved the story, loved the puzzle mechanics, loved the subtle humor and the over-the-top philosophical meanderings. This game is securely in my top 10 all-time favorites."
,Recommended,257510,25329584,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ACR,"Worth every cent spent on it. If you like puzzle games, you will love this game.Nice story, nice puzzles (difficult, but not overwhelming) and if you want an extra challenge, you can collect stars."
76561197970730848,Recommended,257510,25375740,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,(null),10/10 would solve puzzles and contemplate existance again!
76561198062028965,Recommended,257510,25375197,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Great Dane,"And for the longest time I thought no puzzle game would be as good as Portal... This game is amzing in every which way, from the philosophical story line to the complex puzzles. Easily one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,257510,25380672,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Whiskers »-S-T-A-B->,"I.. I have nothing to say. This was out of the world experience for me. Amazing story with great philosophy. I just wish there would be even more to it (I played DLC as well).Great puzzles in a beatiful world with a transcending music.I just couldn´t stop playing it. It´s been a long time since something like this happened to me and this was the game I was always looking for. It struck the perfect chord somewhere deep inside me and resonates within me to this day.I just... thank you for this game, Croteam."
76561198141259137,Recommended,257510,25616443,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,hattrick,"Amazing game! Plenty of exploration, secret easter eggs, engaging puzzles, graphics are easy on the eye. Only issue is price, it won't take long to complete if you are decent at puzzle games so may not represent amazing value."
76561198025482128,Recommended,257510,25597784,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Marco,One of the best games I have played in a while!
,Recommended,257510,25620373,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,kloklon,"I you like puzzle games with an interesting background story, you'll love Talos Principle!"
76561198059382868,Recommended,257510,25515927,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Neon,me gusta
76561197978246593,Recommended,257510,25485147,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Thachicken,"This game is really something else.Not really all rainbows and kittens but a good game overall. I just finished the game and there are some obvious complaints but all in all, I would recommend the game if you are in to puzzle games.These are the things you need to know before you purchase the game. There is a lot of puzzle work to be done, some frustrating, some easy, some so complex you will tear your hair out. Well, not really many of those. As for some of the star based puzzles, well, they are simply impossible without looking it up online unless you want to spend 5 or 6 hours looking for where the star is, then find out what you need and then find it. Some of these are so complex that you need to aim at distant landmakrs(no indication you will have to in game) and then, you will get a secret room. Of course, that means without any prompting, to go through a lot of trouble to retrieve an item from a level that you do not know you will need for the star, using it on a distance landmark and connecting it to another location that is also unspecified and you will need to just mouse over both to find them. That is not a puzzle game but a scavenger hunt and they can be crazy silly in that sense.You can complete everything in one run. There are multiple endings. Your choices and conversations do have an impact on the game.Graphics wise, this is a wonderful game. 10/10 for quality. Although they get very very repetitive. You get 4 main styles of architecture, Roman, Egyptian and Christian are the three main A-B-C story line styles and then you get a absolutely stunning outdoor for some of the other levels. You also get the kind of wharehouse/underground facility look for the tower and moving between areas but all in all, not that much of it.Sound is also nice. The narration is not exactly my cup of tea but it puts you in the world. The sounds they added however, sometimes makes you want to turn your sound off because of the frequent noises that some people may be put off by.The game itself is pretty good though and I haven't even gotten to the DLC or other campiagns yet so I am going to do that. However if you are a novice to these kinds of games, you will find yourself slamming your head against the wall. This is probably one of the hardest puzzle games around, I mean there are plenty of easy puzzles (color coded). Green - Yellow - Red - Stars. The difficulty generally is in that order. And as you progress, you will obviously find that things get more difficult regardless how easy you want it. The difficulty spikes when you get to the C facility though, the red ones there will give you a hell of a time sometimes.Anyways, I wish you luck if you decide to play this game, you will need it :D"
76561197997345708,Recommended,257510,25485538,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Jerico,Mind blowing experience.
,Recommended,257510,25486749,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,saxel,"Wow, this game is beautiful.  The next time someone tells you that video games are a waste of time, while art and literature are not, show them the Talos Principal.  Play-wise, its like the puzzel solving of portal met the mind bending reality warping story telling of the Stanly parable."
76561198175773301,Recommended,257510,25445829,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,PIO79EK,Very emotional game. Nearly made me cry on a couple of occasions. 10/10
76561198255160076,Recommended,257510,25447899,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Lukyarceus,One of the best mind games i have played
76561198011814232,Recommended,257510,25482566,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Khandov Arbalest,For once God isn't voiced by Morgan Freeman.
,Recommended,257510,25488360,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,Amazing!
76561198126668156,Recommended,257510,25488964,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,timmultiuse,Why did I wait so long to buy this game!? Its like a biblical version of portal!
,Recommended,257510,25435948,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Darion Lancaster,"A fantastic puzzle game!  Bought it on a whim, found that I really enjoyed it.  Good background story that you learn as you go, and multiple endings to pursue.  Was rather difficult to find all the secrets, and I definitely needed a walkthrough for many parts of the game, but I would highly recommend to anyone!"
76561197974591297,Recommended,257510,25506522,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,bedlam,Really enjoyed the game premise. Philosophy + puzzle solving + sci fi :) I thought the main ending was a cool idea.
,Recommended,257510,25717567,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,tightywhitey,"Love this game, can't wait to finish"
,Recommended,257510,25740331,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,|NotD| Zoth Ommog,"Very nice puzzle game, really hard sometimes, and sometimes you realize that you are making it harder than it actually is and I think that if a game makes your brain fart, it's just superb.Really liked the voice, it was really ""Gody"". And the secret stuff it was nice.You had to get wet to see secret stuff xDI really do hope that there will be a DLC or a continuation of the game, anything really."
76561198076603646,Recommended,257510,25743199,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Dad,"The puzzles are usually simple, the difficulty curve could be a little steeper too. But I like the peaceful atmosphere and the philosophical themes textually shown."
76561198136444589,Recommended,257510,25772613,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Panzer_Nacker,"I've always loved puzzle games with a bit of a story to them ever since I played the first portal game many years ago and I can honestly say this is one of the few games that I would rate on the same level as those games. The game has an rather ambiguous story line which all comes togther spectacularly in the end, the end of course is a brilliant kind of meloncolly ending which tops of a great game. The puzzles and minigames do challenge you as the game goes on but it all pales in comparison to the stunny beauty of the levels and their backdrops. I cant say enough good words about this games its definate must buy if you like puzzlers. 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,25324989,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,rbrucemtl,The funny thing is I never heard of The TALOS Principle until accidentally finding out when someone on the forums for The Witness highly recommended it as a better puzzle game.   Although I like The Witness also it's way too frustrating and slow for me to really get into it.  This game pulled me in within minutes and I am really enjoying it.
,Recommended,257510,25979146,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Albab,"I'm not a big fan of puzzle gamesAside from Portal 1 and 2, I hadn't really felt compelled to finish any. A discount and an 'overwhelmingly positive' tag prompted me to give The Talos Principle a try; i'll give it an hour I said to myself...... I didn't play anything else until I had finished it.The puzzles will stump you at times, but are rarely frustrating. The game has beautiful visuals, a great soundtrack and effective writing that really compells you to seek the answers to the overall narative.The Talos Principle is a game I will never forget"
76561198129446098,Recommended,257510,26059757,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Qwaser of Argon,Buy this it is portal but much better
76561198031758729,Recommended,257510,26135559,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,sligocki,Great puzzles and asthetic.
76561198019967405,Recommended,257510,26183868,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Titan,"Amazing puzzle game. Everything from gameplay, graphics to music is just great."
,Recommended,257510,26166075,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Worst player in RL history,Great game!
,Recommended,257510,26161445,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,MrFatPanda,"One of the most thought provoking, intriguing, and entertaining puzzle/mystery games I've ever played. Imagine portal, remove the comedy, but instead fill that hole with just as entertaining incredibly deep and well thought out philosophical puzzle pieces to the entire game."
,Recommended,257510,26157479,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,MagicNarwhal,Wonderful
,Recommended,257510,26175963,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Götz von Berlichingen,Motion sickness simulator
76561198277449910,Recommended,257510,26153893,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Sgt. Slaughter,"I bought this game during a Steam sale for $7.99. And I would pay the full $39.99 if I had to without a doubt, This game is a pure masterpeice. Everything from the asthetic aspect  (The scenery is absolutely incredible)  to the music (which is also beautiful) is golden. Although this is a puzzle game, you are never left bored for a minute. The complexity of the plot makes up for any lack of interest that may occur. With three different endings that can occur, there is always something new to try. I will be buying the DLC with hopes that it keeps up with the original."
,Recommended,257510,26138873,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,2070TrashBanker,Frogs are people too.
,Recommended,257510,26152281,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Zonk30,"A game that I've felt that has a VERY strong atmosphere, good puzzles, good content with lots of secrets and some easter eggs around.The Lore is also interesting, makes us really think what mankind really is.The music is perfection for the game's atmosphere. The moment you start the game for the first time you'll understand it's lullaby power.Strong points: You get easily immersed on it.Weak points: hard to find because lore tells that they are not flaws of the ""game"".So this is a Must-have if you like games like Portal 2, games that take a lot of time to complete ;), and games that makes your feel immerse."
,Recommended,257510,26173172,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Mr. Bubbles,"Really coolm somewhat weird, but worth-the-money kind of game"
76561198132751953,Recommended,257510,25832061,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Glasses-Kun,A very philisophical game with many gestures towards what it is to be human and the concept of Samsara present in both Buddhism and HindusimPros+This Game Looks Beautiful+Great Soundtrack (Love False God Track)+Interactions between Milton very intresting and my personal favorite aspect of game+Puzzles can be very fun and satisfying to complete+Theres a Neptune skin mod in workshop(Definately use this)Cons-Some puzzles a little ridiculous to complete on your own-Out of 3 possible endings I felt that only the Tower was truly worthwhile-Stars are a waste to collect unless your a completionist9/10 Would re-play this as Nep anytime
,Recommended,257510,25819193,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,bobidybobbob,Consciousness is Contradictory- i think your right
,Recommended,257510,25775197,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,cowpies,One of the best puzzle games I've ever played.
76561198071821656,Recommended,257510,25771086,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,haXed,Visually appealing. Philosophical. Complex. Overall wonderful.Update: I finally finished the game. What a fantastic and deeply philosophical journey. It was all a test. It was a simulation. I have passed.
,Recommended,257510,25855850,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Galaxian,"Nothing less than a masterpiece! The scenery, the atmosphere and the concept is fantastic, the graphics are great, the puzzles are difficult and engaging, the story provokes many after thoughts. A true accomplishment in the gaming industry! Buy this game!Support Croteam!They totally deserve it!"
76561198288532460,Recommended,257510,25915571,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,edc900,This game forces you to think.You think while doing puzzles of varying difficulty.You think while interacting with the AI in the game subtly over time.You think while listening and reading through the philosophical material the game provides to you.(Looks great too)This game was 10/10 brain food.
,Recommended,257510,25552359,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,✅ ☂ Kirby ❤,A game that made me question my own reality and everyone around me. This is not just a game but this is an experience like no other. For gods sake just buy it because this is one of the most game I´ve played in months.Got it for 9.99 euros on a discount but It´s worth the 39.99 euro original price for sure but it is on discount frequently so just wait for the 9.99 dollar price.(Buy DLC aswell for around 4 euros (wd 15 euros)100/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,257510,25858966,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Beej,"A mix between Portal (puzzles with lazers, but no portals ;) and Myst / Riven type storyline...Amazing game, worth the full price... an amazing steal at 75% off."
,Recommended,257510,25864860,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,hamax,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥for $10 you absolutely have to buy this (or even at the original price). Puzzles are similar style to portal: rules are established quite well, so it's not one of those where you don't even know where to start. A lot of the puzzles are easy, but there is a good range of difficulty overall, and you can skip and come back if you get stuck. Story is great, some of it is voice acted, some of it you read as text documents (I guess you can skip those but I would recommend reading them)."
,Recommended,257510,25918207,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Sepoohroth,Best hub world since Banjo Kazooie. 10/10
,Recommended,257510,25924413,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Guts,"You appear to be an artificial intelligence, and you're living in a digital garden. God talks to you. You solve clever puzzles using a variety of interesting tools. It's fun.I imagine that whether the philosophical stuff the plot relies on is interesting or annoying or somewhere in between comes down to personality. I really enjoyed reading all the text fragments and listening to the female engineer's recordings, but I found the ai who talks to you through the computer terminals to be extremely obnoxious and smug. I suspect that's probably intentional, but it didn't make me any less done with his♥♥♥♥♥♥ Back off, you text-based prick.Personally, I loved the general atmosphere and I loved the finale. This is absolutely a game I would reccomend.Fair warning, if you want to see the 'special' ending for collecting all the stars, you're almost guaranteed to need a walkthrough. Some of these solutions are noooot obvious at all."
76561198071825525,Recommended,257510,25935392,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Judgington,"Five stars. This is a fantastic game. My only complaint is that it was a *little* bit too long. Still, even near the end of the game, there are great puzzles - the last one is heart-pounding!All in all, you should buy it, play, follow the story, make your choices, and beat it!"
76561198032810004,Recommended,257510,26170267,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,jacobdl,"First game in my library that I've felt compelled to write a review of! It's an absolutely fantastic game.Puzzle difficulty: About 7/10. I'm an average puzzler, so for me the puzzles are quite challenging, once you get to about halfway in the game. I'm having to think quite hard about the solutions, but not so hard that it becomes frustrating. There are small hints once you enter a puzzle area and make sure you read these carefully, they can be quite helpful. Later in the game, you also have the option to unlock ""advisors"" that you can ask for guidance, but this is a very limited ressource and should only be used when you're truly stuck at a puzzle.The graphis, about 6/10, are fairly simple, but quite pleasing to the eye nonetheless. The audio - 9/10 - is very good, I like the voice casting.And the best part is the story;  10/10. It's not spectacularly original, but it's very well-written and makes you want to find out more as you progress. It's very rare that I don't feel like clicking ""next"" to skip a bit of text in a game, but I didn't once feel like doing that here. You WANT to read every bit of it, since it makes you more and more curious as to what's going on.Highly recommended to all with just a slight interest in puzzle games."
76561198085128606,Recommended,257510,26189916,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,dwadesingleton,"Works pretty good at 3440 x 1440, visuals are impressive and the puzzles are challenging. Really great game IMO."
76561198252990385,Recommended,257510,26195357,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,peatbog2006,Totally amazing......become a way of life ✨😝✨
76561198096434797,Recommended,257510,20187363,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ahferroin7,"An excellent puzzle game, with a dose of philosophy and psychology.Gameplay is good, and despite the lack of a tutorial, it's really easy to pick up on.  Graphics and audio are good (and the low settings even look and sound decent), but it wouldn't take away from the gameplay at all even if they weren't.  On top of that, the story itself is a puzzle you have to figure out throughout the game.If you enjoy games like Portal, then you're very likely to enjoy The Talos Principal.If you enjoy the study of philosopy or psychology (or even computer science), you'll probably find this game interesting.If you prefer run and gun style gameplay, you should probably look elsewhere for entertainment."
,Recommended,257510,20213130,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,IceDragon2000,Best Puzzle game since portal!
76561197999424615,Recommended,257510,20254927,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,HanDrey,"Very good game. If you like the theeme (god and♥♥♥♥♥♥ go for it, it's nicely made. Some bonus levels to get the stars are very chalenging which is not bad!"
,Recommended,257510,19839801,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Marked One,This is a nice game
,Recommended,257510,19858602,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,JimJam,"There are very few things in this world that can safly be ignored. I say this because The Talos Principle is not anywhere near as popular as something that won't change your outlook on problem solving, human kind, and robots. I decided to buy this game a while ago because it look atractive and it was on sale. From the first moment i lopsidedly fell into the world this game creates i was sold. To this day i still can't stop running back into the world from time to time and grabbing an elusive screen shot or looking for secrets that alluded me the first couple of times i went through it. Believe me going through the Talos Principle will change you."
,Recommended,257510,19878858,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mr poopy butthole,10/10
,Recommended,257510,19595035,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Rezilia,"Imagine the Grim Reaper with a missile launcher bass guitar riffing Kenny G and Santana at the same time, in a duet with Lindsey Stirling, riding a giant space turtle-dragon into a black hole eddy then turning into Miss America while exploding into mountains of mozzarella popcorn, then all of that turned up to 11.The Talos Principle is the deity that the above paragraph sacrifices goats to."
,Recommended,257510,19889135,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Shinobu-chan,If you like puzzles just like Portal 1 and 2 you'll love this game buuuut as if that weren't enough that Terminal.... those Terminals... with that AI... wow.. just wow...
76561198043525138,Recommended,257510,19854791,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,cassiopeia.stephanie,"I haven't finished yet, but am enjoying this immensely! The puzzles are almost as clever and engaging as the story."
76561197964863427,Recommended,257510,26622163,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Kamamura,"It was pleasant for me to find out that I have only good things to say about this game. Unlike many modern titles, that are either frustrating, derivative, or unfinished, Talos Principle is a pleasant, focused game, that resembles a quiet, lazy autumn afternoon when you go for a walk alone just to sort through your thoughts, passing people, observing, thinking, enjoying that precious little moment when there is no task at hand, no time pressure nor a danger that would force an immediate action.Everything in the game is ""just right"" - graphics, although very static, are pleasant to look at, the soundtrack is serene and enjoyable, the puzzles are not too difficult but not trivial either. Many of them feature clever twists, their structure indicating certain direction towards the solution that in facts leads nowhere while thinking out of the box is required. Solving such puzzles provides great satisfaction.I have not finished the game yet, but I would gladly play something similar again. Perhaps the best of the recent ""puzzle games"" I have tried, including Witness, Fish Fillets, etc.Fantastic little game!"
,Recommended,257510,26539337,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Truvativ,"One of my favorite types of games are those that pose some deep philosophical questionsI won't get into details, but if you're a fan of pondering reality and questioning the nature of existence, this game touches upon these themes extremely well.Not to mention the great gameplay which is up there with puzzle games like Portal, although less action-oriented and more problem solving-oriented.The graphics are top notch and environments extremely beautiful.Voice acting adds to the deep atmosphere of the game and helps to suck me into the game for hours at a time each time I sit down to play it.This is probably one of my top games in the last few years.I highly suggest this game to everyone who is into puzzle games and narrative titles like Portal & The Stanley Parable"
76561198073785780,Recommended,257510,28322533,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,dayum dayum dayum,Finished this game twice in two days. 10/10 would do it again.
,Recommended,257510,28421136,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,OakLand Peer,"Absolutely amazing! When i did the simple ending i was a bit underwelmed, but the full ending.... dear gosh was a beautiful ending. The game doesnt heavily rely on its story but has a very well thought out and prepared one. None of the puzzles were too terribly hard, nor were they too easy. Over all, BUY IT, i would say its worth the 40, but you could always wait for a sale. I was able to get it for 20."
76561198119476892,Recommended,257510,28383860,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,cr0ok,"I don't have a lot of time to play video games, so I was looking for a distraction a-la Portal I could jump into for an hour here and there.  I got more than I bargained for with this game.  I found myself saying, ""just one more puzzle"" at 1am several times.- Runs very well on GNU/Linux with proprietary video driver, even on my ancient laptop- Relaxing game; excellent story and soundtrack- Great puzzles (some are more challenging than others; many have multiple solutions)- Good replay value with multiple endings- 10/10 would let Elohim ruin my life again"
,Recommended,257510,28384137,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Viktor,"A fun thought-provoking puzzle-solving mystery & adventure. The backstory is rich & makes the main story feel epic, deep & satisfying. The puzzles become quite challenging & clever, with optional easter eggs being thrown into the mix to reward you for extra effort :)"
76561197996331899,Recommended,257510,28386886,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,spillerrec,"Decent FPS puzzle game. Excelent level design which doesn't feel to repeative, but a tad too easy. 7 / 10"
76561198048982448,Recommended,257510,28389240,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,bridermoon,"TLDR: Buy it for the puzzles, only learn about the lore if you feel like it. Difficulty is medium for the puzzle game, but if you want some headhache, go and grab the stars!------------------There are different aspects in this game.The standard puzzle game :Lots of content, but enough creativity / locations for them not to feel too repetitive.This will lead you to one of the ending in about 5-15h, depending on how smart you are (or used to puzzles).Very portal like!The ""hard"" puzzle game :In lots of location, you can get stars. The challenge to get them is BIG (greater complexity and much bigger places, so it's hard to know where to begin).This is a nice addition to the game! (don't expect to get them all easily however...)The ''computer'' philosophical story :Weird that the story is actually not mandatory to play the game... but it's still here. Not breathtaking, but it helps with immersion."
76561198078568096,Recommended,257510,28382660,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Pro,Read the terminals
76561198033035947,Recommended,257510,28442592,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Sir Donald Dickgrabber,"I came for the puzzles, but I stayed for the story. Buy it and thank me later."
76561198061635334,Recommended,257510,28400905,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Enrique,This is overall one of the best games I have ever played.  The environments are gorgeous and the puzzles are interesting and challenging.  There is an overarching story.  There is philosophy and even a bit of humor.  This is a masterful achievemtn of game design.
76561197966007818,Recommended,257510,28402149,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,notaxe,"Very good game. Had smooth mechanics, thoughtful story. Usual Croteam easter eggs. DLCs offer more puzzles with a slightly different twist."
,Recommended,257510,28314201,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Tarkov.,"Its my favourite game!Vois on Russia is great! Спасибо ребята за шикарный перевод!If you like smart game, If you like think - Its game fore you.I am wait only one game. Its TTP 2.I love you croteam!10 philosaphers\ 10"
76561198053478969,Recommended,257510,28317601,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Orville Redenbacher,"Oh wise god-like computer interface,Is there an end?  Please tell me there is an end.Your humbke servant # 478659749087s-CActual review,  this game is similar ot Portal 2 but without the wacky humor.  While some of the puzzles are similar, Portal 2 requires more integration of differnt physical principles such a using a tractor beam to move paint in order to creat a bounce ramp.   This game relies mostly on understanding vectors."
,Recommended,257510,28178104,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Sanettika,"This is, for better or worse, possibly the single prettiest game I've ever played. I have GTA V on here and the PS4 version of The Witcher 3, but this...this takes the cake. It's just...gorgeous, and the puzzles are fiendishly difficult.The big question to ask yourself before buying this one:  Did you like Portal?No? You hated Portal because it was too hard? Your brain doesn't function correctly?  This is not the game for you.Yes? You liked Portal? You have a working brain and stuff? GET THEE INTO THE TALOS PRINCIPLE RIGHT NOW.This is by no means a Portal clone, but it's got very similar ideas at work, so...there you go.  Enjoy.  I am, very much."
,Recommended,257510,28175726,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Parmacoy,Amazing game. The story telling leaves so much to ponder over for those who are philosophical minded. The puzzles are excellent. Must Buy!
76561198066554781,Recommended,257510,28175990,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Turiam,"The Talos principle is a game which puts you to think to not only solve the puzzles, but question through logical thinking and deductions, some serious aspects of life. In all i strongly recommend this game to all gamers, it is a great experience, i have not completed the game but i am starting to like it more the more i play.The graphics are gorgeous, the puzzles are intelligently designed to bring out the problem solver in the gamer.The voice acting is flawless and the lighting settings are photorealistic to some degree. Kudos to Croteam for making a masterpiece.The game does have it flaws but they do not come in the way of your gaming experience."
76561198096376332,Recommended,257510,28267457,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,micadeau,Fantastic game! a real chalenge to solve every puzzle completely.
76561197992513837,Recommended,257510,28155377,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,aryev,"Reviewers keep comparing this to Portal, but you have to keep in mind it's like Portal without the portals. Also none of the cool jumping. Just cubes and plates, redirected light beams, turrets and mines. A few more game mechanics appear later on.The puzzles are set in beautifully rendered ancient ruins, to give you something to look at, and there's a voiceover from God himself (great resonance, no sense of humor). Three alternate endings, but hardly any story.Also! Hope you like arranging Tetris pieces into rectangles, because there's a lot of that. But on the bright side, the main puzzles are well-made.Solid B. Not sorry I played it,"
,Recommended,257510,28155526,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,One Winged Thanatos,"First person puzzle game with a philosophical story meant to make you think about existentialism while you think about puzzles, GREAT game."
,Recommended,257510,20378673,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,KinTayLor,Nice story and puzzles.You will gain a lot if you go deeply to the game.
76561197998425110,Recommended,257510,20387284,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,J4YDoG,Wonderful game!
76561198072128627,Recommended,257510,20385599,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,R. Daneel Olivaw,One of the best games I played. If you like puzzle gaming you will lovce this game.
76561198013391227,Recommended,257510,20360003,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,laarmyguy20,One of the best puzzle games I have ever played. The mix of chalenging and easier levels is perfect to not overload but also not make it too easy. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,257510,20362285,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,liimis,absolutely bitiful ;_;
76561198053561874,Recommended,257510,20222876,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Menzagitat,"Are you tired of MMO grinding activities or any other mindless repetitive tasks?Do you have an out of the box thinking?Then this game is for you. It will show you the box and you will enter willingly. :)The puzzles are very well executed.I played it continuously until finished, during a vacation.Sometime, when I was stuck, I had to take a break to allow myself to detach from the false attempts and to allow new ideas.One bug. One optional puzzle in levelA-3can be solved if you find this message:""THE EAGLE HAS LANDED 31 39 36 39 2f 30 37 2f 32 30 20 32 30 3a 31 38 Now is the time of tranquillity, and I shall rest and observe the Earth.-- Uriel4""In my case the message was not being displayed and I had to search a spoiler free hint on forums."
76561198054475610,Recommended,257510,20362601,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,104623,"It's a pretty neat puzzle game. It doesn't have the humor of Portal (the game that every first-person puzzle game gets compared to). But it does swing around some pretty hefty philosophical ideas, which lead to a nice bit of existential pondering. The puzzles are well-designed, becoming difficult enough towards the end to make it a challenge. It doesn't have any twitchy timed puzzles and even comes with built-in hints for difficult puzzles (although it takes a while to unlock that).My main grievance with this game is that reaching the endings require all the main puzzles to be solved. Perhaps it would have been better to require a percentage completion as a way to adjust difficulty for people more interested in the story than the puzzles themselves."
,Recommended,257510,20364797,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Kinther,Amazing game with philosophical depth that others simply can't get close to.Similar to Portal in the puzzle aspect.  Looking forward to a sequel!
,Recommended,257510,20441193,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,ZAYABUCKET,"An excelant puzzle game with lasers, robots, & philosophy."
,Recommended,257510,20423494,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,kepler3,"great puzzle game with various type of game mechanics to avoid repetitive gameplay . When you think you have mastered the game mechanics it throws a new one at you . The story line is also great and you get to know more by interacting with a computer terminal in each stage. There are three endings i guess , two of which can be unlocked by completing all the puzzles , while the third one requires to find hidden stars in the game which i havent done in the game yet (looking for them is more of an exploration task).Overall great game 10/10."
76561197965285107,Recommended,257510,20428670,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,DOHCDragon,awesome game
,Recommended,257510,20421966,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,WireBug,If you enjoyed the style of game that Portal and Portal 2 offered you will LOVE this game. The puzzles and mechanics are wonderful and challenging. The story around the game is excellent and keeps you interested...I highly recommend this game
76561197977759050,Recommended,257510,20403989,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Sebastipol,"this game is great. the dialogue is very interesting. however, the puzzles can get tedious at times and you have to be in the mood for them."
76561197978838136,Recommended,257510,20404290,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Locane,This game was awesome.
,Recommended,257510,20395790,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Terafirma,"A truly interesting experience it tests what your beliefs are in humanity as well as giving you a wonderful puzzle that has nothing to do with the ones you solve in the game.The puzzles themselves are wonderfully laid out and well thought out, there is always a solution no matter what you think and sometimes you just can't see because your overthinking it."
,Recommended,257510,20428901,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Faggot Tree <3,"1. Awaken2. Disobey Elohim3. ????4. ProfitAll funny business aside, this game is fantastic. Some of the dialogue choices feel a bit restrictive, but ineresting anyways. 10/10. However, not worth the full price, recommend buying when it's at least 50% off."
,Recommended,257510,20433328,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Plopston,"The Talos Principle is really just a great all around game. One could argue that the grpahics area little sketchy for a more modern game, but they fit really well with the whole of how this game plays out. I'm not completely through with it, less than half-way actually, but this games bores zip, zilch, ZERO! Just the kind of puzzle game I was looking for. If you are not a puzzle gamer, buy this game, it is also about exploration (it hassomeguns) and philosophy. If you are a puzzle gamer than buy this game because it is a puzzle game about philosophy and exploration. This game has multiple tiers of puzzles, puzzles inside of puzzles, inside of puzzles, and a very minor unlocking system which forces you to do the puzzles somewhat in order, but not in order at all. Really confusing in a great way, easily my favorite game of 2015 (when i bought it)GGBUY THIS GAME AND PRAY FOR A SECOND/A SEQUEL!"
76561198116425047,Recommended,257510,20433335,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Moosetracks,"Fun, challenging"
,Recommended,257510,20432462,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,dumpBikes,Like Portal2 but with a more appealing story and nice touches of phylosophy.10/10 for philosophy and puzzle lovers.
,Recommended,257510,20445187,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Tannishpage,"Very Good Game. 1/1, 10/10The Story is very Good.The terminal is amazing.The concept of the Game is really good.Eats your brain.Asks you how you know you are Consious.Very Good Job Devs.Best Game that i have played in a while."
,Recommended,257510,20409242,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,CornBeef,"This game is amazing.  I highly recommend if you enjoy puzzle games.   Think Portal w/o the Portal gun to solve puzzles.   Throw in some quotes and sripts from Greek mythology and other religions,  with some philosophy and psychology.  You end up with an engaging story that will make you question some of your own belifes in the world."
,Recommended,257510,20414450,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ChillKyle,"This is like the inception to master crafted puzzle solving game. Great story line, the graphics are phenominal and great pick up and play game to get into. I was supprised this game was also well optimized as well. Running 1440p Ultra on a GTX 980 and i5-4690K with an average FPS of 70 for me."
76561197983979161,Recommended,257510,20411190,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,USA Guerrilla,If you like puzzles and some interesting things to read and think about this is the game for you!11 out of 10.
,Recommended,257510,20412272,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,jfryk,"This is the best puzzle game I've ever played. It's a bit of a combination of Portal and Myst. The puzzle solving aspect is closer to Portal while the story/lore is closer to a digital interpretation of Myst, but it's very unique in it's own way.Highly recommended."
76561198052615580,Recommended,257510,20293931,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,EbMinor,"There needs to be a prize to whoever beats this game without cheating.But seriously, this game is amazing. The puzzles are hard, but not too hard. They can all be solved within 1-15 minutes. The settings are ridiculous, for example, at first when I was playing it, I got a bit motion-sick. And of course, there's an entire section for that. This much content is amazing for a game like this."
76561198083154358,Recommended,257510,20294872,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Tattoo Dude,"I am about 17 to 18 hours in to this game right now and I have to say, it is amazing! The puzzles are thought provoking and challenging and the backstory, remarkably, is the same. To get the most out of the game, prepare to do quite a bit of reading. If you do, you will be met with a game that makes you think on a level that other games don't touch. I can't wait to see what is in store at the end of this adventure. Excellent game on all levels! Buy it already!"
76561198033131754,Recommended,257510,20295095,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Okayer,Amazing Game!
,Recommended,257510,20298882,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Maximus,"Excellent game, difficulty is spot on.If you like games like Portal, this one is a must.Got it at 75% - incredible value"
,Recommended,257510,20282115,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,manutcr,It's a fun puzzle game. A lot to complete and puzzle requires some time to think of.
,Recommended,257510,20312278,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Andok | ICNPT,It's a fun game; I only play it casually (1-2 chapters of the main story) a day
,Recommended,257510,20310583,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Bear,Talos > Portal
,Recommended,257510,20310802,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Nozilla,Visually appealing game and the puzzles are difficult at times.
,Recommended,257510,20309228,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Баклажан,"If you would like to question your entire existence and everything about life it self, then this game is for you!This is almost not even a game, it is an experience. This a game that makes you think and challenges you."
,Recommended,257510,20309315,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,RIOTFEVER,"This game has already ♥♥♥♥ed me up more than Portal + Portal 2,  Q.U.B.E, and Antichamber didtogether.""May we not then say that Talos, though created as a machine, had all the essential properties of a man? [...] If, then, a machine may have all the properties of a man, and act as a man while driven only by the ingenious plan of its construction [...], then does it not follow that man may also be seen as a machine?""Bruh"
76561198019159361,Recommended,257510,20310950,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Brainst0rm,"Beautiful, thoughtful, and challenging. Rare is the game with something meaningful to say about philosophy, but Talos is eloquent. I have been to Roman ruins and Egyptian tombs, and nothing has transported me back to those places like Talos did. They knocked the atmosphere out of the park. The puzzles have an excellent difficulty curve too, and are satisfying to solve.It's a masterpiece, simply put."
76561198103929982,Recommended,257510,20307909,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Pro Roma,"One of the best things in all forms of media of all time. Everything in this game is amazingIf I had to say a few things that are bad however, I would point out the graphics aren't amazing. But this game is crazy: it has amazing puzzles but also makes you question all of reality."
,Recommended,257510,22365996,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Hit La!!,"A great game which makes you realise that the Story of Adam, Eve, Serpent and Forbidden Fruit could scientifically make sense.Puzzles are more challenging than Portal yet more sensible than Braid(Stars, to be precise)."
,Recommended,257510,22340328,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Uncle Rico,Loved this game.
,Recommended,257510,22331789,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Annihalatrix,This is the best game for solving puzzles and♥♥♥♥♥♥ 9/10 would solve puzzles and♥♥♥♥♥♥on this over any other solving puzzles and♥♥♥♥♥♥game. I do recommend this game if you like to try your hand at solving puzzles and♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,257510,22331823,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Jestermercenary,"Hands down, one of the most clever, thought provoking, and intriguing games I've ever played. The puzzles in it are heavily reminiscent of those in the Portal series (albeit without portals), but many new twists are introduced that make the game a breath of fresh air. I've yet to encounter a puzzle that gave me such much trouble I quit in frustration - that being said, I think the puzzles are overall more difficult than those found in the aforementioned Portal games. Once you play for a bit, the game really becomes addicting."
,Recommended,257510,30759546,Posted: 26 March,all,Xt0,An amazing puzzle game with philosophical story that is surprisingly not boring.
,Recommended,257510,22493103,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Yonkers,"I had read good things about this game but just got around to playing it. It is fantastic. Very engaging puzzles and it's a gorgeous game too. I dare say I might put this up there with Portal, though the story is not quite as engaging and fun."
,Recommended,257510,22694105,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,EchoFederation,"This, for me anyway, is one of the greatest video games ever made. Fantastic and challenging puzzles, wonderfully deep philosophy, and a truly interesting storyline. Plus the Road to Gehenna DLC is also superb. 10/10, would use that many adjectives that mean ""good"" again."
76561197972003951,Recommended,257510,22692632,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Mental,"When I first tripped over this game, I was expecting it to be great - I was right.Great, and at many times, tricky puzzles that will challenge you increasingly much.A story that really makes you strive for figuring out what it is all about,as well as offering you a bunch of choices to make.Amazing scenery designs along with fitting musical compositions.Do play this game, if you look for a good challenge and an entertaining story."
,Recommended,257510,22638388,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,H41ko,"One of the very few puzzle games that are unique. It is not like portal, not like Twin Sector, not like glass, not like the incredible machines, not like lemmings, not like System Shock, not like ...but it has a little bit of all of them. Spiced with a little bit of philosophy."
,Recommended,257510,23122612,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Primeh,"If you enjoyed puzzle games such as the Portal series or any of the other 1st person perspective puzzle games, then you'll enjoy this.Plenty of puzzles to figure out, and a story with a mystery to solve to boot!Cant fault it"
,Recommended,257510,23034320,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Soren1015,"What can I say about this game? It's perfect. It falls into my top five farvorite games of all time and is definately on my ""play before dying"" list.Gameplay: It is a first person puzzle game sturctured similar to portal and portal 2. If you liked the style of puzzles in those two games I guarentee this game is for you.Story: The story is something you work out through the course of the game by indirectly accessing files at various terminals. The overall theme is philosophic in nature... NO WAIT! DON'T GO! I can't say too much about it as I don't want to risk accidentally spoiling anything but I promise it's not preachy or overdone or annoying, it flows very naturally through the game and is about contemplating what it means to be human. Additionally because of the nature of delivery you are basically allowed to go through it at your own pace you don't enter a zone and are suddenly hit with a bat of plot, you collect information to look through (or ignore) at your leisure.Graphics and sound: The game looks absolutely beautiful and the music is  perfect for the ponderous aspects of the game.Overall: As I said earlier I think the game is perfect. It's one of those games I wish I could force everyone to play once in their life. If it's not on sale GET IT. If it is on sale GET IT MORE!Disclaimer: As of the writing of this review I haven't been able to afford the DLC so all of this is for the base game."
,Recommended,257510,23033574,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Sweater God,"The puzzles become a bit tedious towards the end and I saw the ending coming a mile away, but I think its a great game none the less. Definetly worth it if you enjoy puzzle games and can get it on sale."
76561198024969911,Recommended,257510,23035376,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Yendor,"A great puzzle game similar to Portal. With a largely optional but very engaging story.Lots of hidden Easter eggs  (did you find a telescope?) and multiple endings. If you are into the philosophy of intelligence, how to prove humans have souls, or AI, this game has a ton of it. If you aren't then you can skip the text with no impact.There's a demo available so why not try it?"
76561198017733903,Recommended,257510,20322738,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,StadsministerN,"It's the matter of IQ... jk.Haven't finished the game but so far I'm absolutely hooked!It is a nice mixed puddle of beautiful historical enviorment, lovely fitting soundtracks, perfectly mind♥♥♥♥y with it's philosohy and some of the puzzles are a juicy nutcracker..Also if you're interested in history or like to ponder about humanity, this game provides insight with much more.All in all it has gotten a warm place by my favorite games, it's super inspiring(for my artsy side) and I will after this review dive into it again.10/10 will strive to collect all achievements and if I don't, I will play again <3"
76561198004701225,Recommended,257510,20322794,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,van the man,"The game is good. However, these criticisms:1. Puzzles are often repetitive. Often ""solving"" a puzzle just means a process of opening doors and closing them behind you, over and over.2. The puzzles which are not repetitive, involve discovering some as of yet unknown mechanic of the game. For me this meant, try everything I've done so far, realize it's beyond what I know can be done, check a guide, learn mechanic, complete.3. There's also a third set of problems in the game, the needle in a haystack problems. Search every nook and cranny of a large open world, discover a hidden switch. For me, this means checking a video guide and learning where the things are, since the ""secrets"" are needed to complete the plot.While the repetitive puzzles are kind of fun, laser here box on a switch there, challenge of just taking in all the information at hand(1), I don't have the patience to struggle with guessing at the rules of a game world(2), or to stare excesssively at graphics that hurt my eyes(3).Finally, this leads to critical point 4.The game is too long. These repetitive puzzles feel like bloated content, and I ran out of a will to solve them by the time I was only half done with the game (rather, it's on cooldown, doomed to the ""to be finished eventually"" pile of steam games). The ambient thematics get on my nerves, and I don't care about philosophy enough to stay interested in the plot. There's something a little special there if you're into that, choice based dialogs probing at the meaning of consciousness that run through your head while you're solving the puzzles later.However, the plot is also relatively sparse. There's booming voice that talks at you occasionally, browsing a bunch of random text files on computers, and choice based dialogs which are text only. All that reading and trying to piece together, game was starting to feel like a lot of burden-of-thought-placed-on-me for something thatisn'ta college course.Even if I never play it again though, 14 hours before I felt like quitting, that's not too bad for the sale price. However, probably hold off on the DLC until you're sure the game itself isn't enough for you."
,Recommended,257510,20323910,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,elinusS |-/,"Excellent game, puzzles that make you use your brain, good story, and overall, I love it!"
,Recommended,257510,20323921,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Synchronicity,"Great game.Puzzle games tend to be rather hit or miss for me. Even though The Talos Principle's puzzle mechanics aren't particularly innovative, the game still managed to hold my interest thanks to an engaging story and some good design choices. The puzzles aren't strictly linear - which gives you some flexibility if you come across a stumper and need to take a break - and the levels are designed such that it's easy to see what challenges are complete and what still remains. The difficulty curve is also reasonable. The only quibble I have is that some of the mechanics are poorly explained. Axes, for example, just appear randomly at one point and it's not obvious what they can and can't be used for. Not that it's the hardest thing in the world to figure these things out, but it hurts the pacing.I enjoyed the more challenging star puzzles as well, which require more out-of-the-box thinking, although some of them feel copy-pasted. At least half of them use the same two or three major gimmicks. It would also have been nice if there were better indicators as to where the stars are located. Getting to them is challenge enough; having to scour the map to find them as well is a bit of a chore. I won't lie, I resorted to GameFAQs to get a few hints in this regard.The vague story pieces add some much-needed motivation. The puzzles themselves are rewarding enough, but the game would feel rather hollow if not for the little bits of information the game rewards (one could also say teases) you with. The philosophical discussions are entertaining too, though I felt a bit constrained having to participate in such open-ended discussions while limited to only a handful of scripted responses.It was still a fun, rewarding, and engaging ride that I can wholeheartedly recommend."
76561197971541823,Recommended,257510,20322481,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,thelinus,If you like Portal then your going to like Talos.
,Recommended,257510,20353427,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,erikthereddest,"Having finally had a chance to play this game, I was pulled in immediately to a much deeper experience than I expected from a game that was billed to me as being ""like Portal."" My Master's thesis was on cyberpunk novels, so I was very familiar with The Talos Principle's philosophical questions regarding the nature of humanity and the slim divide between man and machine, so much so that I've gotten pretty tired of it being so popular in video games. If there's anyone out there like me, let me assure you that The Talos Principle decidedly takes a different tack.While some of the discussions were a bit heavy-handed and limited, I was pleasantly surprised at how well this game handles the deep questions and draws the player through them to question everything as an extension of gameplay, exploration, and the same problem-solving and investigative skills we have been learning from puzzle games since Myst. It gets the usual ""shattering revelations!!!"" found in other cyberpunk games out of the way pretty quickly and moves on to much more interesting questions, teasing out more world-building the deeper you go and the more you explore.This is a slow-building game, and if you want to find EVERYTHING, you'd better get used to exploring every nook and cranny of some well-crafted but often sprawling set-pieces, and to read a LOT of text documents. To me, it was worth the extra work to get to a very interesting perspective on the Singularity and the Man / Machine questions found everywhere in video games today. If you played SOMA for the story, go back and play The Talos Principle for what I consider to be a much more mature and complete handling of similar concepts."
,Recommended,257510,20495085,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,CloudTheWolf,The game is perfect for people who love puzzle games and for those who like a deep story!
,Recommended,257510,20500160,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,free online flu shots,Dawg.
76561197970509452,Recommended,257510,20501904,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,temporal,"Quite addictive portal-style puzzler that looks and sounds great. I'm nore sure who the pop-philosophy appeals to exactly; if  you've spent any time in study or contemplation the questions posed will seem quite pedestrian. On the other hand if debating the nature of intelligence doesn't appeal then you'll be skipping a lot of tedious dialog. Once you push past it though a genuinely compelling classic science fiction back-story emerges. By the way, hexahedron is just a shmancy way of saying Cube. You're not fooling anyone Croteam."
,Recommended,257510,20536174,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Willard Filmore,A spectacular game that really makes you think.And by think I don't just mean thinking about the solution about the puzzles. This game really makes you think about the world of A.I. and can even make you question your own beliefs.I highly reommend this to anyone that is a fan of puzzle games or any form of philosophy.
,Recommended,257510,15413661,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Oroboro89,"http://hd.wallpaperswide.com/thumbs/shut_up_and_take_my_money-t2.jpgNow that that joke is out of the way, i'll just say this: as much as i loved Portal, in my opinion this game is far far better.  For one thing, let's face it, Portal has no real story, The Talos Principle instead, has a great one (especially for a sci-fi enthusiast, like myself). I also loved the way the game is presented: you won't be bound to beat a level to get to the next; instead you can wander around choosing to solve other puzzles first (this avoids any kind of frustration and lets you approach the puzzles in a relaxed state of mind). There are also lots of neat things: QR codes, terminals, great quotations..Long story short, this game is awesome."
,Recommended,257510,20318716,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[MAO] Argon,"Portal 2 but without portals and many times longer.ProsStory:play as a conscious computer program in a simulated world and uncover the truth about your creation and purpose and the fate of the real world. Use Terminals scattered throughout the game to access the Library and read bits and pieces of information that might explain ""what?"" and ""why?"". Hold philosophical discussions with Library Assistant - another self-aware program that makes you question your beliefs and opinions. Gain accumulated knowledge of other programs that were there before you by reading their hidden messages in form of QR codes, and you might even have to use your smartphone to decode some of them. Disobey the virtual god to prove you are an independent Person.Graphics:Serious Engine 4 is pretty good at that. Even though it's not the point of the game.Gameplay:use a variety of tools to solve puzzles - 120+ of them, each is a bit harder than the last one, and no two are alike.Extras:easter eggs and hidden levels - after all, it's Croteam we're talking about!ConsIt looks like a huge amount of the content (meshes, textures, animations etc.) was taken directly from Serious Sam 3. It's not a bad thing per se because it can cut down the development time and cost, but I never quite got rid of a feeling that an Arachnoid would spawn before me as I turn around the corner. Spoils the immersion a little."
76561198034983007,Recommended,257510,20513886,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,nick,"Negatives:• In some levels, the graphics come out looking weird on my MacBook Pro.• The terminal messages get a bit tedious.• I got tired of all the shape puzzles, but those mostly unlocked secrets.• I had to use a guide for the clock puzzle because I don't have a QR reader.Positives:• Overall, the puzzles are nicely challenging. I loved how sometimes elements from one puzzle could be used in another one (this was mostly to get stars, which are not necessary for completing the game). Really, the care with which the puzzles are put toegther is the stand-out in this game.• Some beautiful graphics (when they worked).• Some clever storytelling. I especially liked how ""child"" was used with multiple, yet related, meanings.• For a game about puzzles and computer programs, the tone and theme of the game are nicely human.Conclusion:If you like first-person puzzle games, like Portal and Q-beh, then check this out. This game requires less platforming and coordination, and more critical and creative thinking."
,Recommended,257510,20529421,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,revilo,"looks nice, puzzles are great, story and world are pretty great too♥♥♥♥ recorders, though9/10 would wipe my mind and play again"
76561197970660700,Recommended,257510,20570415,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,DokMok,"True AAA game design! One of the most engaging titles I've played in years. The serious story and context gives incredible weight to the riddles and the knowledge progression of the player. For this, I loved it even more than Portal."
,Recommended,257510,20535165,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Star Sailor,Is a robot a person? Am I a person? Are rocks people?
,Recommended,257510,20537234,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Loading,Unfortunately this game cannot run on integrated GPU's on mac which was a severe disappointment as would have been nice to see on the retina display and iris graphics are more than capable.Now the good news.The 980Ti ( ridiculous overkill for a game like this I know ) in on my gaming PC handles this game smoother than someone holding a 99p Mr.Whip on a hot day. The graphics are stunning at QHD and the game itself is intriguing and very thought provoking. Enjoy!
,Recommended,257510,20521835,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Wheeler,"Love this kind of puzzles, some are harder then others and some will make your brain explode!It gives a nice gameplay with what I think a beautiful enviroment and some little confusing story.The puzzle solving in the game feels a little like the Portal serie but without all the portals.I will give the game 9/10"
76561198177529015,Recommended,257510,20505704,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Zerzick,"The Computer asked me ""What's your problem"" Yeah I've got a problem and I don't know how to solve.I answered ""Araaaghhhh"" The computer said ""Thank you.wait for the next"" OK.I have  emotion. OK.I'm human being."
,Recommended,257510,21638998,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,rekk0r,I can't fault this
,Recommended,257510,30719708,Posted: 24 March,all,Nasigil,"It's basically Portal without portal gun and intriguing story, so it really got me tired half way through the 90ish chambers.Not a very pleasant experience for me; but I can see hardcore puzzle solving game fans would love it."
,Recommended,257510,21654745,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,is good,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,257510,21654847,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,troooy,A+
,Recommended,257510,21654848,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Morath,"Great puzzles, story, music and art. Top tier game."
76561198006492792,Recommended,257510,21652059,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,waynh56,"The Talos Principle is a great puzzle game for anyone who has early stages of memory troubles like me, I love this game and find the graphics and the puzzle layout very relaxing, It has a nice relaxing sound track playing while you work out the the many levels.I would recommend this game for the price, and for anyone who is into puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,21652631,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,caned,"Love it, dont play it drunk lol"
76561198091685991,Recommended,257510,21654083,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MountainPike,I love the puzzles. One took me over 30 minutes!
,Recommended,257510,21033260,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,danny.sh.lee,"The Talos Principle blew my mind. Never before had I played a game that combined Portal-esque puzzles, gorgeous visuals, eerie music and deep philosophical themes all in one package. The Talos Principle forces players to confront the moral quandries and logical paradoxes of epistemology and metaphysics, by considering concepts such as consciousness, intelligence and whether intelligent beings are more valuable than unintelligent beings. Puzzles get pretty challenging towards the end, but aren't impossible. They simply require a great deal of persistence, trial-and-error and a series of erratic epiphanies. The story is presented in a cryptic fashion through audio tapes and text, requiring the player to piece things together to figure out what's happening. Definitely an ambitious venture towards pushing the boundaries of what games can achieve."
,Recommended,257510,21644999,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,CaptZakk,"A puzzle game that reminds me of Portal, but has a lot more of a philisophical message to it. I would highly recomend it.9/10"
76561198068752851,Recommended,257510,21645057,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Grande,"if you are alive, you will like this game"
,Recommended,257510,21649534,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Yauger,Didn't get this at first becauase it was full price.  Bought it on sale and had my doubts removed.  I just spent 6 hours straight playing this game.  If you liked Portal (WHO DIDN'T?) you will like this too.  Worth full price if you don't manage to pick it up while it's on sale.
,Recommended,257510,21641983,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ad Astra,"Just buy it. Think portal, but deeper and richer."
76561197987767937,Recommended,257510,21642631,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Skogbrann,Puzzleheaven
76561198180090834,Recommended,257510,21648390,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,The DankShroom,"One of the most beautiful, exciting and wonderful experiences I've ever had. Awesome puzzle game with good narration and interesting and mysterious storyline."
,Recommended,257510,21688922,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Joeman21,"A Great First Person Puzzler, 10/10 for its Genre.  It deals with Philosophies like what it means to be human and religion, with some science fiction thrown in. A fantastic game.  If you like Portal you should try this."
,Recommended,257510,21847809,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Cookie Frog,"'Another great puzzle game. I've played through only the first two areas as'f this writing (A and a part of B), and I'm getting the feeling from the computer terminals that from all the kinds of endings the game's leading me to expect, I won't be surprised over it.Everything is pretty and pretty not-within-cheapo-game-budget. Definitely get it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,257510,21848206,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,SteveTheDude,"Excellent puzzle game and very thought-provoking. If you're into challenging your mind in several ways simultaniously, then you'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,257510,21901904,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,B3aT,"If you liked Portal2 then this is your next ""should play"" game.It has a very nice smooth learning curve, beautiful art&effects, and an intriguing story.Recommended for sci-fi/tech puzzle lovers."
76561198025271770,Recommended,257510,21930304,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,PotentialApathy,Highly recommended for people who enjoy puzzle games like Portal.
76561197964905568,Recommended,257510,21926743,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Cake Farts,"I love this game. Some challenges are easy, some are really hard. It's a fun challenge all together. I definitely recommend getting this game. 10/10"
76561197998332179,Recommended,257510,21893854,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Tauchsieder,"I wanted the game for a long time but found it quite expensive.I dont think one can get more than 35 hours out of the main game, i finished 100% run with searching for easter eggs and ended up with 27 hours.This doesnt make this a bad game though. Its mainly a puzzle game, but with an intense story and multiple endings. As the levels progress so does the storyline adding twist, until you finally see clear. You are confronted with philosophical ideas turning around how you see the world. Much of the story is only available in text und not voice acted, so if you came here to lead, not to read the game moght not b what you want. The puzzles get progressively harder making every new level a challenge.TL;DR: Kind of like portal with good story, puzzles, and philosphy and solid entertainment for 20-something hours."
76561198148189675,Recommended,257510,21894029,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Juanksape,Best game I´ve ever played (Probably) This is the game that the people in SIMS play when you put them to play computer. Except WE ARE THE SIMS10/10 Would have brain cramps again
,Recommended,257510,21815241,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Shams94,"+Visual, Soundtrack, Gameplay, Everything- It ends"
,Recommended,257510,21736089,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Bruce Lee Inc.,A good fix for all you problem solving addicts.
,Recommended,257510,21713355,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Psycho Badger,"Easily one of the best puzzle games I have ever played.Puzzles have a nice learning curve to them, introducing new mechanics one after the other. Yes, some of them are really easy, to the point you will just rush thru them, some are more challenging, some are downright hard and there is a couple of them where you will feel stuck just because some element wasn't explained to you. But overall, I enjoyed them.The way in which the story is presented to you is quite interesting indeed. You discover new things by reading computer files, writings on the walls or listening to time-capsules. The more you get into it the more interesting it becomes. Multiple endings are also nice.That to say, the game is not without it's downsides, but nothing major. By the end it feels a bit drawn out, and as I said earlier some puzzles just expect you to know how to do something which you will end up figuring out by a lucky guess or a quick google search.Final score: 8/10"
76561198077266582,Recommended,257510,21683455,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,andrew260z,Only 8 hours in - and where has that time gone? its a great game lateral thinking the puzzles some are getting increasingly harder. Most fun puzzle game I've played in a long time. yes this blows portal 2 out of the water.
,Recommended,257510,21755568,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Al Gong-Quin,"Hey, this is pretty good."
76561198080008661,Recommended,257510,21752795,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Swampeye Landpirate,"This is an amazing puzzle exploration game. I have played many puzzle games but this one is truly special. I would say that if you are not into taking your time and being relaxed by a game as you explore and solve puzzles this may not be for you. If, however, you are like me and enjoy games that make you think, this one is truly excellent. It will not only make you think about the puzzles which start off simple and get gradually more complex but also about more than that. There are some clever easter eggs and neat hidden items as well. I recommend taking your time and read everything.  I picked it up on sale for $10 and I feel like I got an incredible deal. This game is worth much more. There are many options as well as far as what type of machine you are on, if you want to modify it and graphics options galore. This is one of those rare, surprising, ultra special games that evokes emotion and inspires thought. Quite simply put, I love it and I am so glad I got it."
76561197996355665,Recommended,257510,21750793,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,SargentMcGreger,"This game had me questioning my existance, and what it means to be human, and thats something I've never had a game do before. It's fantastic and I haven't even finished the game yet but whole heartedly recomend it if you like puzzle games. The puzzles are great and extremely clever and the game toys with you notion of what it means to be human and consitently challenges your views. Fantastic game, can't get enough of it."
,Recommended,257510,21830863,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,gl1tchh,"Absolutely brilliant puzzle game, along the lines of Portal but with interestingly different mechanics. The hidden challenges are great as well. I suspect many more hours of my time will be sunk into this."
76561198094699787,Recommended,257510,21831274,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Buckeye_Spartan,This is a fantastic game! The best way I can describe it is like a serious version of Portal without the portal gun.
76561198061355878,Recommended,257510,21802003,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Collector,"I can definitly see why people compare this game to Portal, but it is nothing like Myst.  Great game, decent puzzles, lacking in the story department."
,Recommended,257510,21802416,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Laki_Nightmare,"I thought it was just another first person puzzle game. It was so, so much more."
,Recommended,257510,21802566,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,VeteranSuperstaR,Wonderful Game.You have to be in the mood for solving puzzles.Kudos to developer for taking on Vulkan. This would benefit entire gaming community
,Recommended,257510,23086484,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,suburban_robot,"Absolutely outstanding.  Haven't been this taken with a game in quite some time.  Puzzles are challenging (especially towards the end) but fair, graphics look great, and the story is immersive and very enjoyable."
,Recommended,257510,23124050,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,GuTTeRsniPe,Incredible game.
76561198016051885,Recommended,257510,24236751,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,dorioo,"""Portal 2"" level of excellence"
,Recommended,257510,24239274,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,AnyKey,"Very enjoyable game. It has plenty of puzzles, some of them really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. But satisfaction of finally solving the puzzle made me feel that it was really worth it."
,Recommended,257510,24243120,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Takwin,"SCORE: 7.5/10 (but this is very tough to give a comprehensive score)The story is amazing - it would make an excellent movie. The graphics are great. The limited voiced dialogue and music are great. The gameplay and puzzles are good - but they are too repetitive and the red ones are definitely too hard. The star ones (not needed to beat game) are just ridiculously hard. Half the red ones (which are needed to beat the game) will need a guide for the vast majority of gamers, plain and simple.I would have preferred much more of the dialogue with the Library Assistant AI and reading much more of the fragments left in the virtual library and half as many puzzles.The questions it makes you consider are on the level of the best sci-fi novels and games, with parts of The Matrix, Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥ Soma, I Robot, and many more. What does it mean to be alive? To be conscious? What is good? Great stuff here.But many of the red puzzles were just too frustrating and I hated them."
,Recommended,257510,24163286,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,~Critical10~,"This game is a relaxed, nature-ly, and philosophical-ly first person / third person puzzler.No guns in this game, but instead the game utilizes different puzzle elements. Most are quite normal (box, switch), but there is also a weird one later in the game.Only a few of the puzzles require quick movement/jumps.The story telling is also very minimal. You can optionally read and hear stuffs to understand whats going on and it was quite effective on making me press further into the game. Despite the minimal style, you should be able to understand the general situation as long you're reading a bit.Graphics are nice with tons of customization option such as downscaling. Also nice to see the developer acknowledge motion sickness with first-person perspective games and provide lots of setting to eleminate it.Comparing this to Portal, this game is a more ""thinker game"" (both on the story and the puzzle), and it's good!Get this game. Your mind will be getting lots of stuff to solve and ponder about."
,Recommended,257510,24244425,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Borticus,"Although the actual puzzles in this game are nothing groundbreaking, the story and worldbuilding have left their mark on me. I walked away from this game feeling less like I'd played a good game, and more as though I'd read a really good book. The philosophical nuances discussed in the log recordings and interactions that happen between the puzzles were more interesting and thought-provoking than the puzzles themselves, clever though they might be.Gameplay-wise, Talos Principle is above-average, but nothing spectacular. Play it for the story it tells, instead."
76561198087872877,Recommended,257510,24224157,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Creatureten,Epic.
,Recommended,257510,24225888,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Half-Light.,I'm still going through the game and there seems to be plenty of content.If you're a fan of puzzles this one is a must.
76561198043632915,Recommended,257510,24186359,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,acecase,"Great for all the same reasons that Portal is.The Talos Principle, like portal, uses a small set of simple devices and mechanics, and presents puzzles from stupid simple to ""man I'm this close to googleing the solution."" Puzzles are presented in an open world that is worth exploring.The story, again like Portal, is presented in real time almost along side the gameplay. I love that style because it allows you to ignore it if you don't care about the story, but even those of us (dialog skippers) who don't usually care about the story will likely get caught by this one. It helps that the story is a puzzle as well.It's a great game that, again like Portal (I know), everyone should play at some point."
76561198149146392,Recommended,257510,24364279,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,The Chickenman,"This game gives me a headache, not because of the puzzles. Some games just give me headaches. I just ignore it and keep solving dem puzzles. I'm choosing to play this game over my health, just think about that."
76561198046412487,Recommended,257510,21638819,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mr. Sunshine ♥,"A charming, beautiful, brilliant game. the narration is lovely, the text itself is well written, and ofcourse, in terms of gameplay, it's both challanging and fun. a must have for all the puzzle-games lovers out there!"
76561197960551706,Recommended,257510,21633490,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Lovidican,One of my favorite puzzle games.  Story is predictable but that doesn't take away from the fun.
,Recommended,257510,21629627,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MarioDragon,"Tons of fun, Elohim is great, has some run-of-the-mill philosophy garbage that starts to drain after a while but the puzzles are amazing and some are even difficult. Get the expansion if you want the truly challenging ones. My only wish is that the story was a little more closed at the ending and less open since it really built up on the 'outside' then sort of flopped before the credits."
,Recommended,257510,21646745,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,InfernalPlacebo,"Great puzzle game that makes you think, in a beautiful, huge open world."
76561198045087185,Recommended,257510,21570574,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,maddogg,10 Elohims out of 10!
,Recommended,257510,21660783,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,gunquixtar,One of the very good game and good competitive price.
,Recommended,257510,21673402,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Kaasu Keiju,Buy game because on sale for 10 bucksPlay gameHad no idea what i was doingTotally worth it11/10 would buy a ten dollar game again
,Recommended,257510,21653203,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Strat,"One of the best, if not the best, puzzle games ever made. Fantastic story, atmosphere, OST, puzzles... Seriously, it's a must play.DLC, Road To Gehenna, is also freaking fantastic, it's basically a full expansion."
,Recommended,257510,21676666,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ridnarhtim,"Simply an amazing experience. The puzzles, the story and the atmosphere created by the stunning worlds and beautiful soundtrack, I was absolutely captivated. I had to binge-play it in every free second over the last week and could not stop until I had found everything. If, like I was, you are curious but unsure, trust me, just go for it. You won't regret giving this game a shot."
,Recommended,257510,21676955,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Altaira,"I love games with many well-thought details scattered throughout the locations. So far, this game is actually perfect in this. The story behind the setting is incredibly interesting to uncover.Totally new and unpredictable game for me. And visually beautiful, too.Another few words of praise for the soundtrack. It's magical!"
,Recommended,257510,21637926,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Exergo,Awesome game... It makes you struggle but keeps your interest without somewhat philosphical talk i guess... lol
76561198020152303,Recommended,257510,21660839,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Andraax,"Great game with puzzles.  Some are quite challenging, and some also need some careful exploring.  I found a few of them frustrating and searched for a solution.  Then came an aha-effect, because the solution was more obvious than I thought. 1:0 Game vs Me.  I also like the underlying storyline and philosophical ideas.  Graphics, Sound, and Music are really good and create an awesome atmosphere.  The game still runs quite well on my laptop with Core2Duo and GeForce 9800M, but of course much better on my new laptop..."
,Recommended,257510,21659214,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Desmond the Despot,"This is easily one of the best fp-puzzle games I played ever.Definitly better than portal (1 and 2). Though playing those first makes playing this game a lot easier and more enjoyable, it's not a must, yet recommended.Wonderfull landscaping, intricate puzzles, intriguing lore.Very much a must-have for fans of the genre."
,Recommended,257510,19802543,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Konrad,"This game is amazing!It's like playing Portal again, just remove the humor and add philosofical questions.The puzzles are (for me) just the right dificulty level. Not easy, but easy enough that i never get stuck.For the great minds it even have ""star"" levels (very hard), but you don't need to do them if you don't want toThe best part of the game is that it's ""pixel baced"" puzzle, as in ""this thing don't need to be on this specific pixel to make it work"". You are NEVER in doubt when you are on the right courseGREAT game!"
,Recommended,257510,13866754,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Hyperactive28,"Best Game i played in 2014, maybe 2015 as well"
76561198037541904,Recommended,257510,13868571,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Kardanaal,best game ever:)
,Recommended,257510,13869804,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,HPLoveshack,"A beautiful (if sometimes incredibly frustrating) puzzler that delves deep into western philosophy.Now, to extrapolate, the talos principle has two parts, essentially. The puzzle sections which, although incredibly intellectually stimulating, don't touch much on philosophy. The puzzles themselves aren't as mindblowing as say, Portal or Antichamber, but the different tools and scenarios presented are both simple and endlessly complex, and if you're clever you might be able to wring another solution out of a puzzle that you hadn't noticed. The parts that stood out were the recording sessions, which essentially allow yourself to be in two places, dancing with yourself as you cooperate and plan out your movements.A huge part of the appeal are the visuals, which are quite simply put, stunning. Nevermind the quality of the graphics, the Greek, Egyptian and European visuals for the three worlds are gorgeous and are the perfect gardens for you to ponder your own pensive musings. Combined with a soundtrack that can only be described as sepheric, and you'll feel like you're in a living work of art.However, the big draw here is the backdrop of mythology and philosophy punctuated inbetween levels. You'll hear voices from the enigmatic Elohim, a sort of benevolent Glados, who urges you to enjoy your time in the many levels, but not to step foot in the gigantic tower in the middle of the hub world. Along the way, you'll access computer terminals and voice messages with fragmented logs about various topics found in philosophy and mythology, everything from Greek myth to Artificial Intelligence theory. Though sometimes the fragments seem out of place in regards to the story at large, the little snippets are at least fun to read, and teach you about various concepts that you may or may not be familiar with.Though, the interesting part is not what you get to see or read, but what you get to input. Occassionaly, when you find a computer terminal either near the entrance to a world or off the beaten path, you'll be introduced to the Milton Library Assistant. It'll question you about your own humanity, ethics, morals, and call you out when you make an egregious contradiction in your thoughts. Whether or not you listen or reject what it has to say, this interaction gives the game a chance to examine yourself and what you find important in life, or indeed what you consider life to be. I found myself mowing down puzzles just for more opportunities to talk to this enigmatic program, and this could be said to be the real draw of the Talos Principle.Even for 40 dollars, this game is worth it. You'll definitely get your moneys worth in time, introspection, and if you're patient and clever enough, you'll want more and more."
76561198015677254,Recommended,257510,13872689,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Fist Me Harder Daddy,Loved this game from start to finish. Managed to get 3 different endings and was very happy with all of them. Would extremely recommend this game for any puzzle lovers.
76561198050389236,Recommended,257510,13817100,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,RoadToRuins,Portal fans will love this game! Easy to play but alot the puzzles are challenging. I hope they are planning a sequal to this wonderful game.
,Recommended,257510,13817763,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Eric Mill,"The best game I played in 2014, hands-down. What a wonderful experience."
76561197973953171,Recommended,257510,13818722,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Nick The Second,"I thought nothing would best Portal. I was wrong.Ten times longer.Ten times more clever.Ten times better story, music and environment.A brilliant game in all respects. A game of the year in my list."
76561197970630770,Recommended,257510,13818898,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,davidberaldi,"Really nice job! Excellent graphics, a great soundtrack and excellent voice acting. Best part was the ongoing AI / God metaphors. This is the first game that had me up late in consecutive nights in a long time. Puzzles went from moderately easy to insanely difficult. Definitely a must for the Portal fans."
76561197964901028,Recommended,257510,13821880,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,RavensNest,"I've finished this game twice now (there are 3 different possible endings) and yet I still want to play it again.  This is an extremely good puzzle game that will test your mind much like Portal & Portal 2, and yet completely different.  Graphically beautiful, the various ""worlds"" are a treat to visit and explore.  I cannot recommend this game highly enough, but at the same time I found it profoundly saddening due to the involving story line.  You don't really need to pay attention to the story to play the game, as the various puzzles can stand alone, however if you do ignore the storyline you'll be missing out on an incredible experience.  Along with the awesome puzzles you will learn to question ""what is humanity"", ""can civilization be saved"", and ""can machines have souls"".  I look forward to the sequal to this game as much as I anticipated Portal 2, but where Portal & Portal 2 were great games, this is a game that can actually change you as a person.  What other medium can be this much fun and yet give you hope for mankind?  Buy it, buy it now."
,Recommended,257510,13860140,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,oblivion,"This game is by far my favourite game of 2014. The puzzles are well done and can be completed multiple ways, the game dialogue is some of the best I've experienced in a long time and the art is simple but evocative. Highly reccomend for anyone who likes philosophy or puzzlegames"
,Recommended,257510,13895726,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Monkey Vision,"Hours of gameplay, well concieved lore.This has been one of the most entertaining game I've had in a long while. I give  8.4/10 - above averageIt's deffinently worth the money.Unless you aren't interested in games like Portal, Braid, Limbo, Quantum Conundrum, Fez, etc.The game is a sci-fi puzzle ""portal"" like game. In some areas the game is almost like Portal and Braid fused together. In those parts, the game may feel cliche and monontunous, but overall with the combined bulk of lore and extensive gameplay hours, it makes up for the spot of which could have been ""another game that was on 2014""The game implores you with several controversial philosophy while playing it, in which some aspects, it may be ""bit too much"" for conservative minded people. (In my personal judgement, I agree with some that are discussed inside the game) The main idea envelopes around ""Resent Authority and Question Everything"" So if you dislike both, I sugest you to leave your ego behind if you still wish to play it."
76561198017487272,Recommended,257510,13896537,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,AzzA_81,"Great thinking game.Similar to the game ""Portal"""
76561197971314635,Recommended,257510,13901031,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,pinky13666,Best puzzle game i ever played.
76561197970340400,Recommended,257510,13901034,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Polom][nt,fantastic
76561198082494509,Recommended,257510,13901178,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Screwy,"+ challenging puzzles that make you feel proud when finding the solution- the star locations are sometimes just a matter of looking for hours. I prefer stars to be in obvious locations with very hard thought out solutions (across puzzles even) as some of them actually are. Others are just roam and roam and roam+ Very good storyline- It requires you to invest a lot of time into reading the messages to fully grasp the story and the only ones that are really somehow explanatory to the story are hidden in the star worlds (so require quite a bit to unlock) making the casual gamer probably oblivious to most of the story.+ Soothing music, great graphics+ Great game to play when you only have a couple of moments to spareOverall this is one of the best steam games I've played in terms of orginality. If puzzle games are your cup of tea, this is one for you."
,Recommended,257510,20219613,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Silver Ghost,"5/5. Excellent game. If you enjoyed Portal or Antichamber, then don't even hesitate to get this one."
,Recommended,257510,20205910,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,RDJ,I've been following this game since it's beta release.  Played the demo and was very impressed but at the time it was only about 6 puzzles.Let me just way...WOW!  The progress this game made in a year is unbelieveable.  It's it definitely a polished game and the attention to detail is very welcomed.There's more to this game than just the puzzles.  There's a ton of terminals you can access that give you the options to read files and get some story to the game if you want.  It is very well done and well worth the read.Pros:+ Very nice graphics+ Enticing story and extra optional lore+ Easy controls+ Puzzles are well thought out- challenging in some parts- guides available if you need themCons:- Maybe not worth the current full price ($40);  I bought on Steam sale for 75% off but think this game is at least worth $25
,Recommended,257510,20203581,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Spooky Lights_Out,"I definitely reccomend buying this game. The Movement is fun, the soundtrack is wonderful, the atmosphere is just amazing, and even though I haven't played through it that far, the story so far is great. I would make sure to read as many of the articles on the computers you can as you play through. Hurry and buy it while it's on sale."
76561198103241056,Recommended,257510,20884575,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Infinity,Nice game. Beautiful graphic. The voice cast for Alex is very impressive. The puzzles are interesting. Good for some brain exercises.
,Recommended,257510,20811440,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Icemage Antonius,"""In the beginning were the Words,and the Words made the world.I am the Words.The Words are everything.Where the Words end, the world ends.You cannot go forward in an absence of space.Repeat.""https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWjUzvLk58o"
76561198198243511,Recommended,257510,20792238,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,76561198198243511,Tres jolie
76561198032789427,Recommended,257510,20632861,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Windless Bear,"I haven't finished this just yet, but it's been a really enjoyable game so far! Even a bad ending couldn't really ruin the simple fun mechanics."
76561197980719637,Recommended,257510,20670858,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,-Amwryn-,Overwhelmingly Positive for a reason. Just buy it.
76561198064946685,Recommended,257510,20671061,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Orion Shadow 1,"This game has had me hooked for the last week.  I've even dreamt about it.  Wonderful graphics, interesting puzzles and a story which can draw you further in.  I'm now looking for similar games as this one was such a delight."
76561197992910435,Recommended,257510,20669756,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Microsoft Excel,"Excellent game, addictive puzzles, fantastic visuals, and a cat!"
,Recommended,257510,20671529,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,joachim_schmitz,It's just an awsome game! The soundtrack and the setting are just beautifull
,Recommended,257510,20670366,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,DrJREH,"This game is simply sublime, one of the best games I have ever played. If you're a fan of puzzle games and/or philosophy, it truly is a must buy."
,Recommended,257510,20674044,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Callamastia,"Fun, unique puzzle game with great art. The Talos Principle is like portal made to be much harder, so if you are exceptional at puzzle solving than go for it."
76561198138401551,Recommended,257510,20667288,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Lord Crioulo,EOQ
,Recommended,257510,20727441,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ensabahnur,"İ dont even know how to describe this game.This one of those games that you just sit and play for hours just to chill.Do not rush levels do not just run to the finish line,this is an experience if you love puzzle games.Just try to get every star without using internet and enjoy your time.Fantastic game 10/10."
,Recommended,257510,19130622,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,linear214,That damn computer keeps ♥♥♥♥ing my mind with philosophical questions.Post ending edit: Holy ♥♥♥♥. Mind Blown.
76561197974710090,Recommended,257510,20636952,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,supernova neutrino,In my to 15 best games of all time. Heartbreaking story. Portal +tragedy = Talos Principle
,Recommended,257510,20648076,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,The Knight of Shame,"To me, it was like Portal on ecstasy - much harder, but still had some of the same elements (puzzle game).Very fun game with added philosophical stuff."
76561197976500693,Recommended,257510,20646983,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,MailmanMel,Amazing! Very fun and engaging. Without a doubt one of the best games I have ever played. Definitely the best single player experience I have come across.
,Recommended,257510,20627081,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Sugar gets me kooky,Extremely immersive game. There is a great atmosphere created by the music and narration from Elohim (and the QR code). It's a first person puzzle game like portal with many hidden secrets. Well worth buying!
,Recommended,257510,20656258,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Jacksonw94,"Fantastic puzzle game!If you're a fan of things like Portal, philosophy, puzzles, puzzles inside puzzles, booming voices or secret cats you'll like this game!"
,Recommended,257510,20656832,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Cammy,"Very rarely does a game come as close to perfection as The Talos Principle.Everything about this game is beautiful, from the environment art, to the puzzles and level design, to the engaging philosophical debates, great voice acting and intriguing backstory.The game feels very reminiscent of Portal in the best possible way, while being a wholly original and very unique games. The Talos Principle took me by surprise by being one of the greatest games I have ever played."
76561197996243887,Recommended,257510,20708002,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Cyka Blyat Man,"Yes, yes, yes, gamplay, story, fun it's all there!"
,Recommended,257510,20687807,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,/Chaos:Phinn/,"Do you like Portal?  Would you still like Portal with all of the ingenius puzzles to solve but without the jokes and...well... portals?Trust me, you will.This game is pretty damned good."
,Recommended,257510,20702614,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,sliptup,only one word describes this game in its entirety: beautiful
,Recommended,257510,14379619,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Delyius,"This game is a true spiritual successor to the Myst franchise - extremely solid puzzles with optional components that take you all over, and a thread of story running through it that holds it together brilliantly.  Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,257510,15145782,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,EasternDragon,"A great puzzle game and a fantastic experience. I am currently in what can be called the endgame, so while I technically haven't finished the game, I have a pretty good understanding of it. Let's start with the technical. The graphics are more than adequate for a title of this price and the optimization is great. Everything you would expect from such a prominent PC developer as Croteam.Now to the actual gameplay. The puzzles are good. It's not Portal, but it's not far behind. The game starts suffering from too many mechanics near the end, but the tasks are still intuitive. Most puzzles are a matter of concept rather than execution which is exactly what you want to hear about a puzzle game. There are exceptions, but they are few and far between. Overall, it's good even for someone who is not a hardcore puzzle game fan. Another point that should be commended is Croteam's incredible talent when it comes to secrets. Easter eggs and stars (hidden collectibles) are hidden so well that it gave me flashbacks to Serious Sam 1. (In that game you could finish a level in 20 minutes and then see a ""Secrets 0/17"" on the end level screen)All of that said, the gameplay is not why I'm recommending this game. The biggest thing by far is the game's philosophical nature.VERY MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD (SERIOUSLY IT'S THE FIRST 10-15 MINUTES)Early on you are introduced to two characters, if you can even call them that. One of them will provide an interesting narrative, that will no doubt make you intrigued about the nature of this world and the nature of your own character. The other one is much more interesting. I won't say where you encounter him, but he will constantly meet you through the game and ask you very difficult questions. Your conversations will be centered around deep philosophical problems that have no real answer. He's not a very kind debater and will mock you every time you contradict yourself. I spent a lot of my time arguing with that damn thing and questioning my answers over and over again. The experience really can't be compared to anything else.SUMMARY:positives+ good puzzles+ well-hidden secrets+ great narrative+ good visuals+ deep philosophical questions that you will be faced with over and over again+ great soundtrack (that damn tower track, just perfect)slight negatives- too many mechanics in the late game- a few of the puzzles are tedious and will cause you to fail and re-do a bunch of stuff you've done three time already (only a few of these)- may be too easy for veterans of the genre (this is only a hunch, I'm not one of them)"
76561198117909408,Recommended,257510,15146013,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Eqcy,"The Talos Principle is simply the best puzzle game I have every played, or seen. It requires lots of logic, it also gets you thinking about life in general, and, don't get me started on the graphics, they are worth dying for (Dont die for them, its only a game), There are lots of refrences to other games and a crap ton of easter eggs, including: The robot on the moon, (Wheatley) Serious Sam's living room, Box showcase, rocks that tell jokes to eachother, and others that include the kitten. Although I have not finished the game, the story is powerful and suspensful. If you are bad at puzzles, I wouldnt buy this.I would give this game 12 out of 10 stars. I <3 the kitten."
76561197983538522,Recommended,257510,15147226,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,kidoubou,Sublime and unique.
,Recommended,257510,15161316,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,crosslink,Very enjoyable. The comparison to Portal is undeniable but at least it's in good company!
,Recommended,257510,15163123,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Spidy,"Highly recommended. As I'm sure many others have said, kind of a cross between Portal and Myst. Wonderful game, buy it now, it's worth whatever they're charging."
76561198065920117,Recommended,257510,15164946,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,JKB,This game is beautiful and just a great puzzler
76561198150741888,Recommended,257510,15212443,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Lwaxana,"Really cool game.  Only put a few hours in so far and am on Lvl 3 but I'm hooked!  If you like Portal and that style of gameplay you are definitely going to like The Talos Principle.  Also, it is just so darn good to look at!  I really feel emersed in the world.  Great game."
76561197971655627,Recommended,257510,21215393,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Silverhawk,The Talos Principle is an amazing puzzle game that will change the way you think of life and the world around us.Story 10/10Gameplay 9/10
,Recommended,257510,21245489,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Alpser-,Made me rethink life
76561198227895104,Recommended,257510,21243219,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ivan,one of my favorite games of all time
,Recommended,257510,21244915,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Burfreezy,"I cannot praise this game highly enough. It is everything I want in a game. Good puzzles, story, music and ambiance. The themes of philosophy and trans-humanism were thought provoking. This game is definately on my must play list!"
76561198064411774,Recommended,257510,21242664,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,alan,"Pretty solid for a one-time playthrough game. The difficulty is spot-on perfect. None of the puzzles are so hard that you'll spend ridiculous ammounts of time on any one level, but it still takes some thinking and puzzle solving to get some of the harder ones. I was even able to find almost all the extra stars on my own, though they are fittingly much more difficult to get. Climb the tower."
,Recommended,257510,21224959,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ozymandias,Just buy it. So good.
,Recommended,257510,21218171,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,tukett,This is one of the best games I've ever played.10/10
,Recommended,257510,21230614,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Usual,"If you liked Portal games, you might also like The Talos Principle. It can offer more complex and difficult puzzles, and also give you an existential crisis in the process. I absolutely love the philosophical elements in this game. To top it off with stunningly beautiful graphics, The Talos Principle is a puzzle game that I would definitely recommend to all lovers of the genre."
,Recommended,257510,21239450,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,The Holy Pope,Yes Yes Yes Yes
,Recommended,257510,21237365,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Geese Thompson,asdfaasdfasdffdsaasdfasdfasdffasdasdfafsdfasd
76561198015315006,Recommended,257510,21251766,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Hans Kristus,"If you like Portal, you will love this game!"
,Recommended,257510,21650858,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,PaulDoymin,9/10
76561198022326715,Recommended,257510,21662285,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Comman,...
,Recommended,257510,21663588,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,dRbiG,"I haven't played such a rewarding game in a *long* time.Perfect mix of logic and spatial puzzles you can do at your own pace and deeper themes and story that you can get into fully or skip completely, or anything in between.Get the demo now, try it!Also works perfectly well on Linux _and_ without a real gfx card (i915 aka Intel HD 3000 is not a real card...)."
76561198070835290,Recommended,257510,21663727,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Grishka,Excellent 3D puzzle game. Nuiff said.
76561198080770702,Recommended,257510,20395243,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Anørmal,"Very good game, it's all about logic and geometry."
76561198013852713,Recommended,257510,20395514,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,UD | thacamper,the game of satan please play at own risk
,Recommended,257510,20481228,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,VLADIMIRPUTIN,"Amazing landscape and music, the puzzles are pretty good and I love the philosophical element of the game. Overall, really really well made."
,Recommended,257510,20477773,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Summ,"Huge surprise.Great mixture of puzzles, philosophy, emotions, music.This game is art. 9/10"
,Recommended,257510,20443948,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,AncestralLotus1,Absolutely amazing game all around. 100% recommend it for puzzle lovers
76561198138339929,Recommended,257510,20461181,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Absurditatis,"Puzzle game that pushes your intellectual and existential boundaries. Loved it, already trying to get my friends to buy it!"
76561198029982275,Recommended,257510,20455101,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,fish,Great puzzle game with fantastic storytelling elements based in science fiction.
,Recommended,257510,20455178,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,dark kirby,"What is this world? Why am I here? ....What am I?These are the questions I found myself asking the game and my own insight.This ambient and atmospheric game is, on the surface, a first-person puzzle game; yet, theres a much deeper philosophic undertone to the game. As you explore the world you notice monitors with command prompts leading to journal entries which slowly piece the world together. Of course, it leaves enough only to be theorized and leave you confused. Occasionally youll stumble upon a flashing terminal that will engage you in a conversation with another 'person?'.This is where things truely begin to get interesting. This entity, what are they? Are they another person? Artificial Intelligence? A script? Which then you can flip around and as of your character. Are you a human or an AI?(And of course you can take these questions further to things such as: What are YOU, as the player, actively engaged in the game? What defines 'personhood'? What is considered life/a living being?)The rest you can pick up on your own. As glitches in audio and terrain beep and boop, you begin to learn more about the world. As a godly voice named Elohim reigns over your experience, the story itself is pieced together as he warns you not to traverse the tower in the center of the world. This is where the game has two seperate endings, and you will be judged based on your selection of the two.As far as the gameplay goes, its a fairly intricate puzzler. Making use of the environment and the tools given to you to use, you figure out the steady difficulty-climbing puzzles in the world to collect tetrads which will then be used in a puzzles later to unlock the next areas.For minimal completionists the game will feel lacking, yet still be challenging. But for more dedicated players this game is full of exploration and discovery, leading to eastereggs, secrets, challenges, and a ton of extended gameplay. These secrets will not come easy though. Some of the secret stages are incredibly challenging, but unlocking the Stars required for them is challenge enough!"
76561198047818397,Recommended,257510,20457258,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Draleon,"This game is great. Puzzles vary from easy to very challenging, but not impossible. If you loved Portal, you'll love this one. The only thing missing is GlaDos.In stead you get Elohim, a God-entity. In any case, I can't spoil too much, because yes, there is a story to this game as well. Philosophical debates, whilst I didn't expect this in the game, were very nice as well.Very entertaining."
,Recommended,257510,20469939,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,rrpbgeek,"This game is an excellent series of puzzles. Every portion of the game has been exceptionally crafted, and every puzzle has a solution that is beautiful in its simplicity.  The only points that I hold against it are poor telegraphing early of some edge cases. Certain robots will detonate and destroy the autoguns (not shown until several levels after you would first use it, even if playing all in order), crates can be placed on top of the shocking robots ( shown nearly 20 levels after you would first use it in a puzzle). I'm not sure how this happened, as everything else is so clearly shown. Would still give it 5/5."
76561198046499348,Recommended,257510,19225060,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Un,"5/5* Similar from Portal, but not the same.+ Beautiful"
,Recommended,257510,20464997,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,DWLooney,"This game is a great philosophical puzzler. It definitely is very difficult though, if you don't want to look up any walkthroughs, as the game only gives you 3 hints max. Also, sometimes the checkpoints can be a little BS, especially toward the end. However, it has very deep and powerful lore, there is a lot of content to explore, tons (and I mean TONS) of easter eggs to find, and the puzzles are very fun to solve for the most part. As you unlock the various worlds it gives you just enough incentive in the form of new lore and areas to want to do just that one more level, unlock the one world, etc. It's also very zen. I overall got a great amount of enjoyment out of it, and would recommend it to just about anybody who likes a powerful, philosophical story, and is a very good critical thinker, or at least doesn't mind looking at a walkthrough every once in a while."
,Recommended,257510,20490372,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,lukaaaash,++
,Recommended,257510,20559390,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Xuthal,"Awesome game, the puzzles are nice and the story around it really makes you question your believes and the choises you think should be correct.Main question throughout the game will be what do you believe"
,Recommended,257510,20559718,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,>Freak On A Leash.exe,Stop what you are doing and go play this game!
76561197975414829,Recommended,257510,20624541,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,professional kush smoker,if you ascend you get ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,257510,20643557,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Entropy Annie,Amaze
76561197999015480,Recommended,257510,17556870,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,the80srobot,"The gameplay is a mix of exploration and puzzles - it's not as fun as Portal, which it will inevitably get compared to, but it IS fun.The writing is obnoxious. The internet seems to think this is a game about philosophy, which only goes to show that most of the internet's denizens are twelve. The text of the game's script comes from two sources: there's are quotes by actual philosophers, taken out of context. Then there's the drool written by the authors of the game, which just comes across as TOP 10 of Reddit's /r/IAmTwelveAndThisIsDeep."
76561198020186480,Recommended,257510,20582032,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,DriftGT,"The Talos Principle is a physic puzzle game similar to the Portal series.Pro:Beautiful outdoor environment.Have a compelling story through audiologs, computer console interactions and the voice in the sky.Con:...Must... complete... one... more... puzzle.... oh no its 5 o'clock in the morningHighly recommended if you wanna take a break from action game and exercise your brain a little."
,Recommended,257510,20574878,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ShXIII,"Finished this around 13 hours. Great puzzles with an even better story. Very relaxing game as BackSinner mentioned in my SOMA review. I think it’s a weird coincidence that I just finished SOMA prior to playing this game and there is so much in common, same writer I think. PC had all the bells and whistles, fully customizable controls, FOV slider etc. Game ran great looked great and had a fantastic soundtrack. I struggled early on with some puzzles that downright♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. The issue I had was I didn’t realize that different tools could be used in more than one way. Once I figured out the functions of each tool I hit a stride and cranked through the harder puzzles and damn was it satisfying when you nailed a pretty difficult puzzle on your first try, good stuff. What steals the show is the story hands down. If you have played SOMA then you know what I’m talking about.If you like puzzle games like Portal, Qube, Quantum Conundrum you will most certainly like this game.Buy it play it"
,Recommended,257510,20616067,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Ser Pounce,"This has quickly become one of my favorite games I've ever played. The puzzles were fun and unique the whole time. However, it is so much more than just a puzzle game. The story that goes with it is masterfully done, being simultaneously touching and thought provoking.What a game. 10/10."
76561198080207157,Recommended,257510,20614793,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Eoin,"Cool puzzles. Even when you're very familiar with all the tools, they still catch you with ""For God's sake, it was so obvious!"" moments. Relaxing and stimulating at the same time, if that makes sense. Really enjoyed it."
76561197986580089,Recommended,257510,20637693,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Sleizzer,I enjoyed this game a lot. Great scenery and level design packed with a lot of cool intricate easter eggs to find!The puzzles were well done. Most have more than one solution and it felt good when you solved them.I would recommend this game for persons.
76561198036014491,Recommended,257510,20642325,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,nfspredator,Best puzzle game I've ever played! The story is great too. I rarely give 10/10 but this one really deserves it!
76561198074395954,Recommended,257510,20655780,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,bickmore107,"Amazing game.  I love it, narative is great, great gameplay, good replay value.  If you like portal 2 get this game."
,Recommended,257510,20653957,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,MonkeyMoo,Bought this game on Steam and for PS4 because it's so good! Has Portal-like puzzles with deep existential philosophy relating to artifical intelligence and consiousness.
,Recommended,257510,20654313,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,my_myr,"Absolutely gorgous, fun puzzles, interesting philosophy."
,Recommended,257510,20493948,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,DangerJack,"The first thing I noticed while playing this game was that I kept getting motion sickness.  I don't normally get that unless I'm trying to read while riding in a car, so I thought it was just me ... but apparently, it's a thing with this game.  But they already have that covered.  In the settings, there's a section specifically to help reduce the motion sickness you might feel while playing.  So don't give up if you experience this while playing.I got this on the last winter sale (thank you, Lord GabeN), not really knowing what to expect.  But I am really glad I did pick it up, and I would definitely recommend this game for anyone who enjoys puzzles.  Portal is a game that gets brought up a lot in comparison, but I think Portal and Talos are on two different levels.  Talos, though the voice acting is minimal, has a much deeper story, and a lot of the puzzles are a lot more challenging.  Be prepared to spend a lot of time walking around each puzzle, trying to figure out what is expected of you, starting the puzzle, cursing, backtracking, cursing, waiting for that mine to move past, cursing, hitting reset for the puzzle and starting over.There's a lot of walking into a puzzle and muttering ""Oh, f--k everything about this.""  But it's all in good fun.  Good, brain-teasing, philosophical fun ... with a somewhat fatalistic deity figure and a jackass of an A.I.  (Seriously, the conversations with the A.I. are a lot like Facebook arguments with that obnoxious family member with opposing political views.  It's an exercise in arguing logic and trying not to punch your monitor.)You don't have to complete every puzzle to finish the game, but that just means you get to go back and test yourself some more when you're done.  I've also gotten a couple of the DLC totorture myselfhave fun with whenever I feel like giving the old noodle another workout.Side note:  I played the entire game with the Steam controller (first game I tried with it, as it arrived the same day I bought the game), and it was completely doable.  There was only one puzzle that required basically the space of a pixel's worth of precision that was a little frustrating, but since it's not timed, it just took a little persistence and patience, and I probably would have had only a little less trouble with a regular controller."
,Recommended,257510,20534307,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,TheMicman66,I want the creators of this game to jerk off into my mouth so maybe I can gain the tiniest bit of their thought process and opinions because this game is amazing and make me hard as I question my concept of conciousness and existence.
,Recommended,257510,20551680,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Hemmels,"A brilliant first person puzzler, similar to portal. Clever puzzles, and a compelling and immersive story. A good 20+ hours."
76561198044923621,Recommended,257510,20482756,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,SpenceBot,One of the best games available right now. Tons of content. Amazing graphics. Triple A production values. Absolutely a must buy for anyone that loves to think and enjoys puzzle games.
76561198138832286,Recommended,257510,20496298,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Reido,Really fun so far but the motion sickness it gives me uhg :p.
,Recommended,257510,20575968,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Mr. NaCl,Great puzzle game. 10/10
,Recommended,257510,20580271,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Predator Magnet,"TL;DR: Puzzles + Epic Backstory + Beautiful graphics + Guud Humor + Free lesson in critical thinking + Free lesson in philosophy + Hours of fun = The Talos PrincipleDo yourself a favor, and buy this game. Our future may depend on it.I can't even start to describe how happy I am to have bought this game. In the beginning it starts out simple, then turns into puzzles which make your head explode. And than it takes it further. Remember when in Mass Effect, you saw ""chest high walls"" and you knew batlle is coming? This games makes you think you know how to solve the puzzle, and then laught you in the face by saying ""If the puzzle is too hard, come back later.""The whole flow and design of the game is genious. Starting with the world, feeding you the backstory one teaspoon at a time, so are craving to know, what happened.It teaches you critical thinking and philosophy, in a way that between doing puzzles, you have time to digest and understand it.I can honeslty say, that this game made me smarter and changed how think about certain things.I'll definately re-play it, just to get another lesson."
,Recommended,257510,20680898,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Frustum,This is the weirdest version of Tetris I have ever played. But it rocks! It's f*ckin' gr8!  :DAddictive
,Recommended,257510,16888063,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,bakersfield chimp,Really ♥♥♥♥in' good. REALLY.
,Recommended,257510,16890999,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Orett,"This game is beautiful.  Like it's probably the actual definition of beautiful to me.The soundtrack is amazing, the maps are wonderful, the graphics are so well-made, the texts and the storyline are amazingly well-written.The gameplay and the puzzles mix a lot of different logics, giving you a hard time solving some of them, and that's awesome if you like being challenged.I don't see that much people playing that game, but I can only recommend it.  It's amazing."
76561197998575688,Recommended,257510,16893661,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Jod,"I think this might be one of the most important games ever made. It challenged me with puzzles and it challenged my own ideals and views of the world. The world of this game is beautiful and fascinating and worth exploring, and as I explored it made me more interested in our world as well. I haven't seen that before in any other game. This game was like a religious experience. I don't know if I can overstate how great this game is."
,Recommended,257510,16894748,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,verbatim (HD),Excellent.
,Recommended,257510,17147952,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Lorenzo Pagani,10/10 made me have an existential crisis and helped me get an A+ on philosophy
,Recommended,257510,17189545,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,epsyloN-,Excellent puzzle game.
76561198042415371,Recommended,257510,13375937,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,simke,"On first sight look like a just logical puzzle for fun,but there is more in background.You can take path, just to solve puzzles.Puzzle will make you think about what is really life about.You start game as child ,but soon somehow that is you..And you are on some test to get out so you can only follow and obey..as voice above says: ""everything is made of words,words are everything,where words end,world end,words are everything,repeat""..so look like you can not escape.But as you want to escape ,you need to understand system,and look for weak point,so meanwhile you will obey orders and follow the path..well there are no other option then to accept test.Then one test lead and help to solve other,and you will start to learn.Answers are hiden in puzzles,solve the puzzle to prove that you are worthed to proceed to next level..You have freedom, but its limited ,you have choices ,but choices are also limited with your results , look like simulation of real life? that can be fun,and can be painful to repeat same mistakes, right? so you must obey and learn..there are no freedom..out there is just one more puzzle! even if you get rebooted! or reborn..So only choice left is to have fun,obey and play the game...Answers are hidden and outhere ,waiting for you.."
,Recommended,257510,17191374,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Feraligatr Lvl. 100,"good puzzle game. similar to portal because they both have boxes. cool story to go along with it, good luck getting all the stars on your own that♥♥♥♥♥♥is insane. buy this game"
76561198159642002,Recommended,257510,17192396,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,themule1216,"It's graphics are beautiful and it runs extrememly well. It's graphics options put most other games to shame. The puzzles can be too easy at times, but some have an extremely unique soltion. Buy this game."
,Recommended,257510,17193021,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Jarmer,"This is one of the best games I've played in YEARS. The story is rich, the puzzles are challenging, and the secrets are plenty. Just get this, you won't regret it. And even though it's single player, it's super fun to play with friends as you all try to figure out how on earth to solve the puzzles. Sometimes the star locations are near impossible to find without a guide, but otherwise the regular puzzles are very well setup."
,Recommended,257510,17194131,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Throcket,"A well thought out first person puzzle game with a sort of philosophical undertone, plenty of easter eggs and multiple endings."
76561198050506904,Recommended,257510,17131839,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,tripplennon,Amazing game that has made me think and feel while playing the game unlike any other game
,Recommended,257510,20460831,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,gblues,"I found the puzzles to be, for the most part, very well designed. There's a few mind-benders to be sure, but nothing of the type where you watch the solution on YouTube and think, ""How was I supposed to figure THAT out?""The underlying narrative can be hit or miss, depending on how much exposure to formal philosophy you've already had. If you've taken a formal philosophy class, you'll easily recognize the different schools of thought represented in the game. Without that, you might get a little lost in the weeds, but that's okay.On a technical level, the game runs on the Serious Sam 3 engine and runs very well and looks fantastic. My 980Ti ate it for lunch. ;)"
,Recommended,257510,20417552,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,luneki,"I can't recommend this game highly enough. The story, the gameplay, the art design, the soundtrack, the voice acting. Everything is wonderful. If you like puzzle games you'll love it."
76561198041798716,Recommended,257510,25230162,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,erg,"This game is pretty amazing. I got it on sale expecting a little indie portal ripoff, but my god it is so much more. The puzzle solving is much more open ended than portal's, and demands some heavy outside the box thinking, even giving red herrings at certain points. The plot feels like it was written by Orson Scott Card. The visuals are pretty and it runs like a champ, with fairly fast loading.And holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the secrets. So many great secrets."
,Recommended,257510,25189300,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,aaronshivers,yes
76561198034291138,Recommended,257510,25237772,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,discovery26,Very good game. The puzzles are getting more and more complex. Some are less logic but more agility andobservation.
76561198027374503,Recommended,257510,25168237,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,CGM,"super interesting puzzle game with amazing graphics and scenery, up there with other puzzle games like portal"
76561198015555984,Recommended,257510,25170687,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Taus,The best puzzle game. Must have.
,Recommended,257510,25275347,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,«grumpy» Mojito,"First of all I never write reviews for games, there's people far more qualified for these kind of things than I consider myself to be. But this game really deserves the recommendation.A friend of mine told me to get this game as it included ""some nice puzzles"". I got it and it has scratched one of my biggest ""itches"". This game hits the spot when it comes to longing back to the Portal days. Brilliant atmosphere, nice challenging puzzles and really intuitive controls.If you like puzzle games and you have warm feelings towards Portal, get this game, it's worth it."
,Recommended,257510,25253354,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,dylan562,Excellent game. 10/10. Not a game for someone who doesn't have time to spare...
,Recommended,257510,25263872,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Thrival Pariahtal,"This is hands down one of my favorite games of all time. It doesn't even feel right to call it just a game.The puzzles were easy to really f'ing tough, especially tough for the stars, so there's that. (There's also an amazing guide that hints at things in steps instead of revealing it all to you if you're stuck. Great job Elisav, it was some of the extra mile to do a guide like that and it should be appreciated).But the writing and philospohy brain blasts. I loved it. I'm not a huge puzzle gamer but had this huge urge to push through more stuff to figure out just to get further into what discussion was being presented. It is also a beautiful looking game with some very distinct areas that all look incredibly pretty.Not for the CoD stereotype gamer. Not even necessarily for 'gamers' or any demographic in particular. Just try it out if you think about random♥♥♥♥♥♥a lot.The DLC Gehenna did not try to cash cow on the main game either, at least not obvious regurgitation; it was the same thought provoking actions and states of being but also gave a new area, and standpoint to separate itself on it's own.♥♥♥♥in A I need the sequel."
,Recommended,257510,25261891,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BonesAO,"It starts a little bit cheesy, but there is a really interesting experience to be had if you are patient enough. Totally worth it on full price."
,Recommended,257510,25291659,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Maycne Sonahoz,"From simple to sophisticated puzzles.Small but varied and wonderful worlds.Beautiful, relaxing soundtrack.Interactive plot, detailed backstory. Also, a trolling AI.Several endings.Many, many secrets. Including a cat.Must have."
76561198076859069,Recommended,257510,25291677,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,kingbri,Great puzzles.Awesome story that gets you thinking about humanity and AI.Lots of interesting small segments of text/audio.Some AI thing that constantly makes you doubt your own beliefs.Just get the game.
76561197961123834,Recommended,257510,24768606,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Tazer,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant. If you like a great story and to solve challenging puzzles (and don't mind having your brain mentally fisted now and again) you should get this game. Its awesome.
76561198027987000,Recommended,257510,24800873,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,blue9244,"Absolutely my favorite game ever!  I thought The Witness was the very best but I have to say this one beats it.  If you love puzzles, then this game is for you!  Some took a long time for me to crack while others came a little easier.  I think that may be different for different people.  But you definitely will enjoy the experience!"
,Recommended,257510,24409392,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,YARE YARE    ok.,"i will keep it short and simple-pretty challenging puzzles.-""free world"".-crossing beams cant melt jet fuel.-DID NOT READ.-TOO MANY SETTING.-""free world"".-found some pigeons which is weird since this is digital world.-mines can make jumpscare.-bad story. (there's two teams and they hate you).--multiple ending? (i got 2 so far, didnt check the community yet).-not beginners friendly."
76561198031101131,Recommended,257510,20114179,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,"The Good, The Bad and The Dudley","I read that if you liked Portal you'd love this game, that's definately not wrong.  This game has some difficult puzzles that would test puzzlers to the limit at times, 20 minutes is about the longest I've spent trying to work one out so far, although some are quicker.  There are also interactions between puzzles that enable you to gain stars (although I don't have them all yet!!) which is a nice twist.The visuals are stunning, reminding me of Myst (if you remember back that far).One downside, if you suffer from motion sickness (as I do), then there's a limit to the length of time you can play before feeling a little queazy!  So be warned.Great game, great puzzles, great visuals; get it!"
,Recommended,257510,16538289,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kruczek,If you liked the Portal games then stop reading this and hit buy. It is that style of puzzle game with a very interesting storyline that makes you think more than laugh.
,Recommended,257510,20128211,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Aero,"Incredibly challenging at times, but in a good way."
,Recommended,257510,20173160,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,RogueAffliction,"After getting bored with the games I had and gaming in general, this game made me fall in love with gaming again.I have never felt so compelled to complete a game soon after starting in a long time.If you like puzzle games, I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561197979073666,Recommended,257510,20223347,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Woflen,Its as if GlaDos had even more of a God Complex and slightly less Neurotoxin
,Recommended,257510,27243907,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ael,Great puzzles sometimes requiring a twist in the way of thinking
76561198046353471,Recommended,257510,27246388,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zarlock,"This is one of the smartest puzzles games I have played in a long, long time. It even has a very engaging meta-layer to the game that keeps you engaged as well as leaves you in an existensial quandry :-P"
,Recommended,257510,27278555,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vernii,"Challenging puzzles, great atmosphere, relaxing music. Highly recommended, especially if you like games like Portal, but be prepared for a more difficult puzzles"
,Recommended,257510,27281180,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tomwyr,You'll need a smartphone or some decoder for the game in the game.
76561198114322258,Recommended,257510,27282770,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cyke,"What should I say ... if you like philosophy, actually challenging puzzles and beautiful changing settings. And you can enjoy all these seperately if you are not into one or two. The stroy approach is very interesting, does not lose this over the game and is perfectly supported by the music. The DLC Road to Gehenna is also highly recommendable. So go and make use of the autumn sale!"
76561198002367659,Recommended,257510,27282849,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Viking,Best puzzle game I ever played. Don't go in the tower through
,Recommended,257510,27280580,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Watchdog101,One of the best games I have played in a long time.
76561198070910349,Recommended,257510,27274633,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Captain Manatee,"Clearly inspired by Portal but with it's own style, story and spin on puzzles makes this a fantastic game."
76561198155911238,Recommended,257510,27272811,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,neirulu,LUL
,Recommended,257510,27278132,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hamsterjelly,"Great three dimensional puzzle game, with surprisingly deep existential reflection."
,Recommended,257510,27307496,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cayne,"What I like most about this game is the atmosphere. Introducing themes of philosophy, religion and death into a game is hard. The Talos Principle does not only succeed in doing that, it also adds puzzles that are on par with Portal 1 & 2."
,Recommended,257510,27307692,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nick,Guaranteed to give you headaches trying to solve its puzzles!
,Recommended,257510,27313603,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Twowestex/Westeh❗,This game by my opinion has the best puzzles I have everseen in my entire life!You just need to experiance this game by yourselfs.Also the music is magnificent.Props to Croteam!
,Recommended,257510,27313158,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nelly,An excellent puzzle game with a very intereseting story.I found myself on several occasions actually having to sit back in my chair and think some of the puzzles through rather than charging through them.
,Recommended,257510,14169149,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,akaTanaros,I really enjoyed this game. Took me back to the days of Myst with it rich huge worlds. If you are into puzzle games Like Myst or Portal You will love this one. It has become my GOTY for 2014. Grab it if you dare.
76561197969195949,Recommended,257510,27299033,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[GCSI]Fugee_Law,Such a great game.
76561198210057453,Recommended,257510,27306347,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,silverdemon,Awesome game. Puzzles are well thought through and sometimes have multiple solutions. The story is just amazing and kept me interested all the way till the end.
,Recommended,257510,27301268,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,roochiepoo,"Challenging puzzles, beautiful art design, scaleable and smooth game engine, intriguing philosophical subtext. Countless easter eggs.10/10 will recommend."
,Recommended,257510,20326269,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,monoculo_jim,Really great first person puzzler. I thought the serious philosophical narrative would get tiresome by the end but it never did.
,Recommended,257510,20305796,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,bluebreezer,"Absolutely gorgeous thematically looking first person puzzle game.The puzzles ramp up nicely in difficulty.If you have any interest in philosophy, there's some enjoyment to be had in that front as well.Very, very well recommended."
76561198025457152,Recommended,257510,20306588,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,DarkOnyx,Amazingly beautiful and surprisingly emotional for a puzzle game with virtually no actual characters. The starting puzzles will feel very familiar to players of Portal but get exceedingly more complex as the game progresses. The game's different worlds all have very different settings and feel unique and fresh each time you progress from one to the next. The soundtrack is beautiful and does an amazing job (along with the visuals) of keeping you invested in this mysterious and slightly ominous world. The mystery element of the story and actual game context is thoroughly enjoying and keeps you immersed as you try to discover more about this world you are placed into.The actual gameplay itself is very organized as most puzzles are separated into rooms and each room tells you what tools are required to complete that puzzle to help the player not get stuck guessing what is needed to complete each puzzle. The multitude of well hidden easter eggs are very fun to try and find as well as you progress through the game.
76561198135477900,Recommended,257510,15888643,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Texicola,"I honestly only got this game because it was on sale and it has a kitten on the cover, but it turned out to be a really interesting game."
,Recommended,257510,15944460,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Thorn,Go and play it NOW!Talos Principle is that awesome.
76561198084538408,Recommended,257510,15959779,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,shewdy,"Seriously, just buy this and enjoy it.- Some of the top reviews have mentioned that the puzzles are a bit easy.  You'll note that those reviews don't have very many hours on them ... I love puzzles, and yes the first several were fairly simple, but the latter ones can be quite challenging.  There are even optional ""bonus"" puzzles for a side-quest which are downright befuddling.  That's right, befuddling.  It's an exceedingly rare game that I actually bust out the notebook for and keep notes, but this was one.- I was tremendously enjoying the philosophical debate that takes place in the game up until one particular point where the other ""person"" completely misconstrued my argument and I was given no option for rebuttal.  I actually gave up on the story at that point and just kindof clicked through the conversation for a while until I realized that this setup was perhaps intentional ... and that I could have kept arguing, albeit from a different angle, had I not been so hung up on the miscommunication.  It turns out, there are two different achievements - one for basically giving up and one for sticking to your guns, which I didn't find out about until later.  This is the first game to provide replay value based on philosophy alone, that I'm aware of.- Pretty"
,Recommended,257510,26403408,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Flexboi,"My child, you may buy freely the game and all it's DLCs, but if the ""close tab"" button tempts you.. be wise. Do not let yourself be misled by doubt."
,Recommended,257510,26457902,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Paul,Fantastic gameplay with a solid story line. I recommend this game to anyone loving puzzles.
76561198109770942,Recommended,257510,26463194,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Humptyjackalope,"Visually beautiful, engaging storyline, and interesting philosophical musings."
76561198212087267,Recommended,257510,26541406,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Valkyrie90,"I love this game. The graphics are amazing. The puzzles are challenging. The ""story"" is wonderfully written and thought provoking. I actually feel smarter after playing.I would recommend this game to absolutely everyone, gamer or not."
,Recommended,257510,25886731,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Jack the Whiffer,"Superb game!The level design, sound track and voice acting (at least in English) make it very immersive. The puzzles are challenging, and the stars and various easter eggs encourage thorough exploration of the semi-open world. Solving the puzzles requires some hard thinking, but if you let it, the game will also lead you on a philosophical journey and make you question your convictions.While the puzzles do not allow different solutions, the game offers multiple endings. That is very satisfying, as it allows you to end the game differently depending on your own thoughts and conclusions.Whilst the little philosophical discussions are not perfect (sometimes the answer options are a little too simplified), it was a very interesting and stimulating experience, and I'd recommend this game to anyone who is into puzzle games or has a curious mind!"
,Recommended,257510,25887168,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Stack,♥♥♥♥♥♥CUL DOGGIE 4/10 - IGN
,Recommended,257510,25885026,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,twocows,"Probably one of the best puzzle games I've played in years and certainly my favorite game I've played this year. Reminded me a little bit of Portal: both are really well made sci-fi puzzle games with AI as a central theme. However, whereas Portal goes down more of a semi-dark comedy route, the Talos Principle goes down a more intellectual route, exploring some really interesting ideas about sentience and morality. Overall, it's absolutely fantastic and I'd recommend it to anyone. The puzzles can get really hard toward the end, but that could be a good or a bad thing depending on your personal preferences."
76561197972049243,Recommended,257510,25885465,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,sdtaylor_178,"The best looking, best playing puzzle game for PC.  Clever, intricate and always satisfying when solved - no gimmicks or lazy shortcuts, just great, imaginative gameplay.  Almost perfect."
76561198095263925,Recommended,257510,25844882,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Kaku84,"Great addictive puzzle game.  Outside the stages, there are also small puzzles that requires the help of a complete stage.  Really makes you think and worth playing"
,Recommended,257510,20115612,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,dave poole,One hell of a game. Excellent writing.
,Recommended,257510,20115729,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BanditBanks,Portal 2-esque puzzling + heavy psychological questioning. Phenomenal!
76561198034351558,Recommended,257510,20101335,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Arctor,"This game is exactly what I had hoped it would be, a satisfying first person puzzle game with an engaging storyline.I truly enjoy the philosophical aspect of it all and the easter eggs are funny.I'm only about 20% through and I can't wait to find out what is hiding at the top of the tower.Grab a controller and some good headphones and get ready to REALLY loose track of time."
76561198201236085,Recommended,257510,20101592,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BadRobot99,"I picked up this thing quite recently on sale, and even though I'm not even halfway finished with I can confidently say this is a great game. The philosophical elements are unique and interesting, and the puzzles are fun and challenging (although occasionally a little bit repetitive). Overall, I'd strongly recommend this one, especially for fans of the Portal series and other puzzle games. Just be prepared to get your head messed up."
,Recommended,257510,19852802,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,soh.gubelfax,"If you liked Portal, Stanley Parable or Antichamber, you will put much time into this one here."
76561198064179654,Recommended,257510,19891642,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,logopolis,"If you liked Portal then you will like Talos. This is a far better game than should ever be sold for $10. Croatia!, who would have guesed they were so techo-artistic...maybe I should stock my factory with Croation machine tools :-)"
76561197996983467,Recommended,257510,19869267,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mac1,A quality puzzling experience. Excellent in every regard.
,Recommended,257510,19870288,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Fr33k,"Great game! Basically a puzzle solver, but like Portal, done really well/looks really good, and unlike portal there is more to it. The bits of it that really made my head hurt were the computer based philosophical questions. Seems black and white become lost in all the grey. Would say more, but don't want to give anything away. Totally worth playing."
,Recommended,257510,19859985,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Eyes,its good
76561198019094627,Recommended,257510,19862448,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,TairX,"Amazing. The puzzles are challenging (most of the time), the world is absolutely beautiful, the soundtrack is great (although a bit repetitive), and the story is great, helped by talented voice acting. It'll make you think, both to solve puzzles, and to ponder all the philosophical concepts you're presented with. Finding all the secrets (the stars and the many, many easter eggs) is a nice added challenge when the puzzles get too easy.The only downsides were that the puzzles occasionally got repetitive, and that the achievements are set up so that you will probably end up playing through a second time unless you read a guide first (and there's limited replay value with a puzzle-solving game). But the first point was very minor, and the second, achievements are completely tangential to the game. This game is definitely worth your time."
76561197970343613,Recommended,257510,17529024,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,the baron,"Highly recommended. Atmospheric, intriguing, simple to start with but the difficulty ramps up significantly as you progress.  Great soporific soundtrack, visuals are great, lots of extras to discover if you put in the effort. I'm not sure I'll finish it without consulting walkthroughs, some of the puzzles I'm stuck on at the moment seem beyond my IQ, but that's not a criticism of the game itself - the developers are smarter than I am!"
,Recommended,257510,19852877,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mafi,"I won't comment on the puzzles, due to the difficulty level being all over the place and not really a linear progression. I also won't comment on the graphical or audible elements, because they aren't the centrepoint of the game, but despite that they were often beautiful and emotive beyond other games by a significant margin.What I've come to comment about is the philosophy, and the lingering thoughts this game leaves you with. It's unlike most games, where there's always a big baddy to defeat, even in a puzzle game with no weapons or offensive capabilities. This game, if you take the time to explore, and go for that larger completion rather than just blasting through as quick as possible, makes you realise a great many things. Yes, it has an underlying story that is utterly heartwrenching, and can bring tears to your eyes at times, but it brings to life a very real set of questions and moral considerations that are relevant today, tomorrow, for the next few years.If you're thinking about buying this game to feel smart, don't. It will achieve that goal, but not in a satisfying way. However, if you want something a bit more original, and more intellectually involved, this is the game for you. It speaks to you as a player on a level that other games haven't really touched upon quite as deeply as this, and there are many moments when you will find yourself stopping in game to consider what you've just seen/heard/read/done."
,Recommended,257510,19863435,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ice Falzar,"This game looks great with max graphics for those of you who actually care about graphics, but in terms of gameplay, the puzzles are interesting and not too difficult with deep and philosophical dialougue. This game is perfect for anyone who enjoys puzzle games or anyone who enjoyed the Portal games."
,Recommended,257510,26223337,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,diarandor,In the beginning were the words and the words made the world. I am the words. The words are everything. Where the words end the world ends. You cannot go forward in the absence of space. Repeat.
,Recommended,257510,26225025,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,GSp00n,"Fun puzzle game, pretty lenghty. Some puzzles are pretty difficult."
,Recommended,257510,26226202,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Yama007,Very nice special puzzle game. Tasks are harder then in Portal and i like them a lot. Very nice graphics and really like whole idea of the story.
,Recommended,257510,26256627,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,RipCurl,"Certainly an interesting game.  Liked the puzzles, but the pace of the game can be frustrating at times."
76561198019188773,Recommended,257510,26379549,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,otter,"if you like portal, you'll love Talos :o)"
76561198207052241,Recommended,257510,26620693,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,MoreaShin,"One of my favorites. Beautiful, immersive, challenging. The voice acting is amazing. You'll quickly fall into this universe. There is much to learn and much to explore. Take your time and look around. It's absolutely beautiful, just a slight warning, you may have an existential crisis. Multiple times."
76561198033875241,Recommended,257510,26705749,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ZombieWeirdo,"This game is amazing. Philosophical narritive on free will, ethics, and personhood combined with great narritive and even better puzzles (try to find all the stars), makes for a must have for anyone looking for something more mentally rigorous than most games on the market. Personally a 10/10"
76561198040171273,Recommended,257510,26937104,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,41e TatL,"Whilst the writing is undoubtably this games strong point, the puzzles and exploration are engaging enough that you'll find yourself utterly immersed, waiting for the next bit of information the world will feed you, a very calm but exploratory experience that is unlike many other games in feel."
76561198064931805,Recommended,257510,27000064,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tom Longstroke,"I have gone through the game and the DLC and it's super thought-provoking. It can be as fun or as boring as you make it. Great game, very chill. Would recommend to anyone who likes puzzle or narrative games."
,Recommended,257510,27000601,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kevo,"Perfect Game, Puzzles, music, lore!"
,Recommended,257510,26869952,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jayfinch,This game makes you think. And then it makes you think some more.
,Recommended,257510,26868522,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Llamasteak,fun
76561198066875330,Recommended,257510,26865638,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shnookooms,"A gorgeous puzzle game (I literally just stopped and admired the graphics/scenery pretty often) with soothing music to calm you down when you just cant figure out that one puzzle :). There is also story behind why you are doing all these puzzles, you are basically trying to figure out who/where you are, I found it pretty interesting.Definitely would recommend it to anyone who likes puzzle games"
,Recommended,257510,26881484,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HeroCC,"Great game! Nice story, and the puzzles are creative and unique!"
,Recommended,257510,26881632,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grand Admiral Nyan,"A gorgeous, puzzle game that can get immersive with the lore you find as well as the environments you're surrounded in. The puzzles offer a decent array of difficulties from easy to mildly challenging to WTF; similar in nature to Portal or Quantum Conundrum. It's very easy to get lost in this game for hours on end. I absolutely love it. If you're into brain-tingly-stimulatory type of stuff, then definitely check it out. Did I mention it's fricking beautiful?"
,Recommended,257510,26881747,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Giglet,This game is supper cool it really puzzles me and it has what I beleve to be a very great story!
,Recommended,257510,26323313,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Anti,A very well executed blend of puzzle gameplay and philosophy.  Got me thinking in more ways than one.
,Recommended,257510,26392120,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,torrenptz,Mind bending puzzles that tickle your brain. Absolutely love it.
,Recommended,257510,26401543,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Berbelucha,"Awesome puzzle game with amazing storyline. Play it for sure, it's worth all the money. Puzzles are getting really hard at the end ;)"
76561198086434721,Recommended,257510,25434925,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,The_Rockers,"I would absolutely reccomend ""my first exestential crisis"" because of its wonderful gameplay and fun, happy story that make you comtemplate the very basic notion of existance.Oh my god.This is singlehandedly the deepest, most meaningful game I've ever played.Please, please play it."
,Recommended,257510,27885556,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Yaboi,This game should be played by everyone +1
,Recommended,257510,27830996,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,S็p็u็r็g็o็,Very ok game that is pretty good.
,Recommended,257510,27888103,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Stewart,The Talos Principle is one of those puzzle games that you'll keep coming back to until you've solved every last puzzle and found every last little easter egg. It's that good.Aside from being an interesting puzzle game it also has a rich backstory and asks some fairly fundamental philosophical questions. It's well worth a look especially if you're the obsessive type.
,Recommended,257510,27830291,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Beast89,Best puzzle game I've ever played. More engaging than Portal 2.
76561198033729658,Recommended,257510,27877992,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,4rchon,"One of the best games I have played. Recommended for fans of puzzle games.  If you like an underpinned story, reading off consoles for extra depth to the story progression and being philosophical in general this is a must-buy."
,Recommended,257510,27877199,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gamma,Starting..____Everything is connectedReality is distortedDiscover your existence____Ending.. Complete_
,Recommended,257510,17608450,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,CarlozHolz,"Somehow, one of the best games i've ever played.10D 7F 60 8D 48 53"
,Recommended,257510,25902688,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mateusz,"Fantastic, mind provoking with excellent puzzles."
76561198073752620,Recommended,257510,25902901,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,psynonamous,"It's a really strange yet unique game. Not my normal style of game,it's a calm, slow paced puzzle solver. Nothing to kill, nothing to steal, nothing to blow up, nothing to escape from - just you wandering around solving puzzles trying to figure out the meaning of life or something. As you progress the puzzles get more complex, different tools work different ways to solve different traps and puzzles. Looks amazing, great graphics, an odd game that I really enjoy. Still haven't fully learned the ultimate meaning but I have spent a lot of time thinking and contemplating the various messages you discover throughout the game. Eight out of ten, I haven't tried the DLC packs yet but I have spent a bit of time just wandering around the maps and admiring the detail of everything, reading messages, listening to the voice, and wondering about life in general. Eerily calm and relaxing"
,Recommended,257510,25903505,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,SEBASTIAN =),One of the best puzzle games I have ever played.
,Recommended,257510,25913521,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,FrankyTheZapp,"Absolutely stunning!From the graphics, through the sound ending in the narrative with the riddles all over the place on top: This is a great and refreshing mix of first person logic puzzle solver, a great narrative game and some ""think out of the box""-lateral riddles to tickle your mind as a bonus.--SPOILER--I personally as a software developer appreciate the many references to my field of profession and how accurate they appear. I'm especially exited about the actual working QR- and ASCII-Codes, which can be deciphered to get additional info or at least more atmosphere to the whole game.Also, the joke with the devs being the roman gods, creating the world and quests ""just for you"" so you can prove your love to them... XD to me, just hilarious."
,Recommended,257510,25573775,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,rgriff23,"This is an incredible game. The logic puzzles are very spatial in nature, so if you don't enjoy that then this game isn't for you. The major puzzles are mazes filled with obstacles that you must navigate using devices found within the maze, while minor puzzles needed to open doors to new levels or unlock new skills involve configuing a set of blocks to fit onto a rectangular grid. I thought the puzzles struck a perfect balance between being challenging enough to keep you interested, but solveable enough that you never feel hopeless. I sought help online for just one puzzle, and the rest I was able to solve on my own.While the puzzles are a lot of fun, what makes this game truly incredible is the meta-puzzle: Who, what, and where are you? Who is the god-like voice booming down from the sky and encouraging you to solve puzzles, while warning you to stay away from an ominous tower in middle of your world? And most of all, what is at the top of the forbidden tower? Could it be freedom from this prison of puzzles? The only way to find out is to solve all the puzzles and ascend the tower. Along the way, you encounter audio and written messages from the people who created you and your world (as well as other beings like you who presumably existed in the puzzle world before you), and a dark story unfolds that will lead you to ponder the nature of life, personhood, and humanity."
,Recommended,257510,25576567,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,nbtiwires,Great game!
,Recommended,257510,25537144,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Dat Dan,This game is a mystery meat riddle sandwich smothered in secret sauce.?/? will continue to solve
76561198041644725,Recommended,257510,25584666,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,76561198041644725,"It's more than just a meaty puzzle game, it truly leaves you pondering life itself. A great game to show people who think video games are just mindless bloodbaths."
76561198030535395,Recommended,257510,27631209,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TalonAeolus,"This is definitely my favourite puzzle-based game thus far. It's essentially a spiritual successor to the Portal games. The puzzles are satisfyingly challenging and often have multiple ways to solve them. This one includes a good story that encourages you to think about the nature of existence. Overall a 10/10 in my books, would play again!"
76561198021053013,Recommended,257510,27632015,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The_CIS,"This game is genuinely like no other. At first glance, it is an amazing puzzle game. However, I would say that there are at least two deeper levels to the game, abstracting from the basic task of collecting tetris pieces. It is not necessary to delve any deeper than the surface games, but this would merely scratch the cover of this game's purpose. These levels are better discovered on one's own as the game progresses, so all I would say is that these developers have created the prototype thought-intensive puzzle game."
76561198144939086,Recommended,257510,27671095,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,vaporleonmd,"I simply cannot recommend this game enough.  Everytime I open steeam and a sale shows me this I get filled with nostalgia.  As others have said, this game is philosophy mixed with puzzles.  You solve puzzles to advance and there are terminals you interact with that will even make you question yourself sometime.Be warned: some puzzles are pretty tricky.  I was able to solve most of them myself, but after trying for more than 20-30 minutes to solve a puzzle, I cheated and looked online for the solution.  AS the game says, there are 120 puzzles so I didn't mind cheating if it got me to explore the rest of the game. I recommend this to everyone!"
,Recommended,257510,27671507,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hankelios,One of the better puzzle games I have played
,Recommended,257510,27749707,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Teddy Buttsauger,e
,Recommended,257510,27752588,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,apox,great game
,Recommended,257510,27542687,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheSlaveOne,I really enjoyed this game.The puzzles reminded me of “Portal” in some ways.Some puzzles were difficult but satisfying once you completed them.I loved the soundtrack. I was peaceful in some areas.The back story was interesting especially if you took the time to explore and find the computer journal entries.  These helped explain the situation rather than just being a puzzle game.I think a second play through after a long time since completing it would still be very enjoyable.Overall great game.
76561198100195066,Recommended,257510,27601455,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,betterthanyou665,"Amazing game; fun puzzles, great environment, plus plenty to think about while you play through the story. Overall, highly recomended if you enjoy games that make you think."
76561197990711412,Recommended,257510,26794114,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-=WolverinE=-,"The user reviews don't lie - this is one of the best puzzle games your money can buy. Croteam really surprised me with it - the dedication and attention to detail shines like a polished diamond. This is so rarely seen these days, it really takes me back when games used to have content if you're willing to invest into it by searching / reading. So stop reading and dive into a mix of puzzles, moral dillemas and existential problems."
76561198004449186,Recommended,257510,26790665,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✡Samozuo JP Armia Isamu™☭,just getting that badge
,Recommended,257510,26861001,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nitrus SVK,"Imagine Portal-like puzzles, but much harder and with psychologic story."
,Recommended,257510,27026618,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jedi11375,Excellent puzzle game with a strong philosophical narrative. Features:-Top-notch lateral thinking puzzles that are easy to understand but challenging to solve-Intriguing and mysterious world to explore and discover-Dialog that probes deeply into philosophical/theological issues of what it means to be human-Loads of hidden funny Easter eggs scattered throughout the puzzles
76561197989221441,Recommended,257510,13471203,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Buzz Heistyear,♥♥♥♥ dis gam
,Recommended,257510,13457377,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Mongelo,Gonna go ahead and say that it is better than Portal. I like that the progression isn't linear. It is just what i prefer. This game is however extremely well polished and just so well made. Best puzzle game EVER! For realz! I'm naming this game my favourite puzzle game of all time! Play the demo! Then get the game!
,Recommended,257510,13335310,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,dub3000,"1hr in - this is awesome.Bit of a Portal vibe, but a very different setting.Oh - and, really gorgeous graphics.[edit: days later, finished it - really great, the whole way through]"
,Recommended,257510,13446438,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,MrSnide,An interesting mix of adventure and puzzle games. The puzzles themselves are very tricky.
,Recommended,257510,13446975,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Qworm,Highly recommended for Portal gamers and those who enjoy a good sci-fi story.
,Recommended,257510,13421550,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,=LG= Devil,"This is a puzzle game to rival Portal.  It's much harder than Portal and features about 100 levels that will take an average adult about 18-20 hours to complete.  It's not as enjoyable as Portal or as highly polished but what it lacks in quality it makes up for in dastardly quantity of hard puzzles.My only major gripe is the story/plot.  It impedes gamplay and adds no value to the game.  I started to completely ignore the plot (which is presented to you with God like voiceovers and PC terminal text messages) after the first 5 minutes.  In fact I took off my headphones for almost the entire game.  It requires user interaction for plot devices and they are fed in mind numbing text messages that you are somewhat forced to read.  It would have been better if the text messages were all voiceovers and all the current voice overs were text messages.  They got it completely backwards.Sound is completely unecessary for the entire game and the voiceovers are very annnoying.  I enjoyed the game much more in silence which is a tragedy to the potential for a game like this.  If the puzzles weren't so mind blowingly good this would have been a bad game due to everything else that I found annoying.Portal did a phenomenal job on the plot compared to Talos Principle.  You'll get the most enjoyment figuring out puzzles in silence and completely ignoring the plot.  It could have been worth more if it had a good plot.  Obviously story creation is not something that Croteam is good at.  We all figured that Serious Sam was supposed to be funny because of the horrible plot.  Talos Principle proves that wasn't the case, Croteam just sucks at it.  At $30 it's definitely worth scratching your head for up to 20 hours.  Talos Principle attempted to rival Portal as the king of the first-person puzzle game but falls just shy of the mark.  That doesn't mean it wasn't worth every penny and is an A+ quality title for anyone to add to their steam library."
76561197990824434,Recommended,257510,13482390,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Oscar,"Portal meeting The Stanley Paradox with alot of philosophy. Really deep and entertaining, it deserves the good critics."
76561197984316663,Recommended,257510,13484464,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rumia Pilkington,"Best game I've played all year, nearly flawless in every regard.  And at roughly 25 hours to complete, worth the asking price.Most of the game mechanics you'll figure out in the first 5 hours or so, but you will be finding out new ways to use them right up until the very last levels.  The game constantly makes you think in different ways, with the general theme being to think for yourself and not believe everything you are told.  That applies to both the plot and the puzzles, and there are many places where you can break the rules if you look for them.I'll definitely be playing it all again some time, Croteam have probably outdone everything they've ever made here."
76561197998570156,Recommended,257510,13493032,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,GatlingNuke438,"The best puzzle game since Portal 1 IMO. Took me 25 Hours to finish it, Its really lenghy, which I think its a good thing if the puzzles are fun which they are. Story is really good too. I could of paid $60 and I would still be happy. Highly RecommendedI was expecting Serious Sam 4 as Croteams next game. I was slightly dissapointed when they announced this, since I am quite the Serious Sam fan, but after playing I almost certanly liked this more than I think I would of like SS4. I'm already looking forward to Croteam's next game!"
,Recommended,257510,13494341,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Blackhaven,"Tremendous Puzzle Game up there with the likes of Portal and definitely one of my GOTY contenders.Some inconsistency with the Puzzle grading (some yellows seemed to take longer than a few of the reds) but overall top notch.  Some of the stars (optional unless for completionists) really REALLY require out of the box thinking!So if you liked Portal/Portal 2 etc, give this a try :)"
,Recommended,257510,26063482,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,\>>Dyke Ricin<</,"This is the king of first person puzzlers. The mechanics are simple but multiply in complexity, and more importantly they are introduced in a way that slowly cultivates the player’s skills. The story is told in a threadbare manner that will keep you starved for clues and constantly guessing. The writing will keep you hooked in general as it is of exceptional caliber. Graphically it is impressive with a unique style; you will see many beautiful vistas in your journey. A few of the main puzzles are too simple for the time at which they are encountered in the game, but the optional puzzles at any point will really fry the brain. This is all done in an open world, in a unique setting, accompanied by the tremendous musical talent of Damjan Mravunac the composer for Serious Sam."
,Recommended,257510,25640967,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,E x t e c u l o u S,"This was such a great game to play with some of the most impressive looking visuals I've seen. The voice acting is spot on as well. I love how this game not only kept me satisfied with every completed puzzle, but had me questioning my own existence. Such an all around great game at a great price. Highly recommended!"
76561198048868470,Recommended,257510,25641632,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Ethien,Spent my time looking for stars and easter eggs! Worth the pain :P
76561198088471690,Recommended,257510,25663128,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Bionicwookie,Excellent.
,Recommended,257510,25674866,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Ryad,"Brilliant: 10/10Got this gem for 10 bucks on a sale, but it's definitely worth the full price. One of these challenging, intelligent and beautiful games, that keep you motivated to play through. Thank you Croteam for this awesome game that's playable on Linux."
,Recommended,257510,25625457,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,ShodanKid,"I'd say I enjoyed 80% of my experience with Talos Principle. For the most part, it does come with a lot of clever puzzles, which I am a huge fan of. But then it also comes with a lot of more complicated than it should be puzzles and downright smash your head into a wall moments...mostly if you are trying to 100% complete the game.Probably the most unusual criticism I have is a direct result from playing after The Witness...The Talos Principle felt extremely short. It can also get pretty tricky to work out solutions to some puzzles, but in all cases once that moment hits you of the solution, it is extremely satisfying. Gathering stars...now thats an entirely different thing.Quite a few were absolutely fantastic, sometimes requiring you to solve a puzzle in a different way, use different methods to get into secret locations. But sometimes you end up having to platform in a place you don't expect and you don't even get an indicator to where you should be looking, or end up having to bump into walls just to see if there is a secret hole you don't see otherwise. This I find frustrating because it feels it relies more on luck and wasting time than progress.Despite some of these annoying elements, when a good challenge gets presented and you figure out the method, it's pretty satisfying to get that solution and move on to the next puzzle."
76561198191848630,Recommended,257510,24942747,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,weronika.m000,"This is definitely one of the best games I've ever played, if not The Best.I cannot reccomend it enough, but only if you're prepared (or better still - eager) to read A LOT. The puzzles are great, mostly really cleverly designed, but the thing I loved the most in this game was the story, and to fully appreciate it, I feel like you need to be ready to think a lot about philosophy and religion. You don't have to have any background in them, but the game requires you to think about lots of complicated stuff. And it's not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t philosophy - some of the most interesting philosophical prespectives that I've ever encountered were in this very game.It's also heavily based in literature - I mean, ""Paradise Lost"" seems like something like a skeleton of this game. I don't want to spoil too much, though. And again - you don't have to know the literary works referenced, but if you're looking for games that take a lot from literature, reference it often, and also are very well written themselves, this one is a perfect fit.An absolutely unique experience.10/10"
76561197986817620,Recommended,257510,25684116,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,[Jake],"First game I've played through to the very end in a while. Loved it!Very unique. I loved figuring out the puzzles and I enjoyed piecing the story together as I went, it will really get you thinking! I definitely recommend this game."
76561198009096711,Recommended,257510,25684256,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Drakengard,"Not since the Portal series has  puzzle game managed to hold my attention with it's story and not simply it's gameplay.Whereas some puzzle games can come across as rigid, forcing players to seek out the one perfectly imaginged solution in the game designers mind, Talos Principle leaves you with a constant sense of ""Aha!"" as you arrive at a solution.  Your method doesn't have to be perfect.  The Talos Principle isn't concerned about you being fast or slow.  It wants to present concepts and an expanding ruleset and tools to challenge your mental flexibility.  And in spite of it's eventual complexity, the pacing is thoroughly careful never to overwhelm.Talos Principle is beautiful, intelligent, and challenging.  I could not view this game as anyting but a fantastic experience."
76561197993199041,Recommended,257510,25714781,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kelg,Fiirst person puzzle game with great narrative!
76561198145790533,Recommended,257510,25629377,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,TJ,"Such an amazing game - beatiful graphics, great puzzels... 10/10"
,Recommended,257510,27016178,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dark Horse,"When I first got this game I honestly didn't know much about it other than it was a first person puzzle style game in the vein of Portal.  So when the the story slowly began to be fleshed out through conversation dialogue and discarded emails I was very surprised at the depth yet simplicity of the story.  If you're just here for the puzzles you could just ignore the bigger story at hand, but I believe you would be doing your self a disservice.If you like puzzle games that make you feel like a more intelligent version of yourself after completed them, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,257510,26994563,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. Nick,Like Portal? Then ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY IT!
,Recommended,257510,26995026,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hynx,Best game I've played in the recent years.
,Recommended,257510,27413677,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,twingo,radical game dude
76561198015074916,Recommended,257510,27395679,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,snova777junk,"""All we are is dust in the wind, dude.""""Dust...wind.""""Dude.""~ Quote from unknown 20th-century philosophers"
,Recommended,257510,27399401,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,m.,Amazing game even though I did not get the cat the first time I finished
,Recommended,257510,27397071,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Styles,"Talos Principle is an awesome puzzle game with a great story. The puzzles might seem simple at first, but the complexity ramps up nicely as the game progresses. I thoroughly enjoyed the subtle nuances of philosophy and psychology in the back story and the interactions with a mysterious AI"
76561198184183349,Recommended,257510,27395382,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jweeo,Addictive ...
,Recommended,257510,27366034,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Connor7534,"This game is mind bending and magnificent. One of the best puzzle games I've ever played, with an interesting philosophical twist."
76561197994972813,Recommended,257510,27366145,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JJREEVE of Elsweyr,"Imagine if Portal and Myst had a secret love child.The Talos Principle is that game.It has fun puzzles with a nice difficulty curve, a minimal cast of characters with a great deal of depth, and some interesting philosphy.I recomend it strongly."
76561197987508129,Recommended,257510,27382613,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CRUMPCAKES,Like Portal but without portals
,Recommended,257510,27388343,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bmobius,"The amount of brain-bending in this game is brilliant! I do enjoy the story behind it, but the philisophical underpinnings can sometimes mire the immersion. Overall, this is a brilliant game and I wish there were more like it."
76561198274448777,Recommended,257510,27389179,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jsalzer8,"Beautiful, crafty, and intellectual, this game is easily the most philosophical one I've ever played. While it never gets beyond the many puzzles included, it is a game that absolutely makes you stop to think. It's a more serious, deeper-thinking Portal, and it's absolutely worth a play."
76561198048156883,Recommended,257510,27388112,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MKV,"This is a great first person puzzle game, with lots of cool easter eggs. The story-line is great and has an awesome and satisfying endgame. Good music and ambiance.Things  I did not like about this game:No save feature - if you pick the non-main ending you have to replay multiple hours just to get the correct ending in the end, which is incredibly frustrating.Other things to note:This game is pretty graphics intensive to run on high settings, my GTX 660 had a tough time keeping up."
76561197970688838,Recommended,257510,13384931,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Dr Dan,A brilliant game. Clever puzzles that are pretty well balanced to exercise your probelm solving hemisphere and an apparent deeper existential subtext to exercise a more philisophical part of the grey matter.
76561198025212054,Recommended,257510,13385531,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Very Much Woke,Such a good game. Well worth the money. Almost better than portal.
,Recommended,257510,13396492,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Boomer the GUY G[A]MER,"I can't recommend this game enough. Hugely philosophical, existential, and amazing puzzle game."
,Recommended,257510,13396685,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,MikeASchneider,"It's hard not to bring up Portal when talking about The Talos Principle, but unlike some of its predecessors (QUBE, The Ball, Quantum Conundrum, etc), The Talos Principle actually lives up to Portal's legacy and pushes the emerging first person puzzler genre forward. For the puzzles alone, this game is absolutely worth every penny.The philosophy stuff definitely isn't for everyone; it's probably the game's weakest point. The good news here is that if you love it (which some people do!) the game has plenty of it, and if it bores you, you can safely ignore it.Overall a great game. Possibly the my game of the year. If you have any doubts about the price: Steam says it took me 23.8 hours to reach the end and I'm planning to go back to get the bonus stars. It's so worth it."
76561198046490471,Recommended,257510,13397161,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,blueninjax,"Phenomenal graphics and gameplay, somewhat challenging and all around 'not bad'....but when it comes to problem solving games, Portal 2 is still my personal favorite and a better game in my opinion .  I like the ideas that this game throws out there, but I'm not a fan of not having some sort of ""projectile launcher"" in my hand.  However, it's still somewhat enjoyable, playable and amusing, so I'll give it 7.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,257510,13397920,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,david1socha,"Philosophical Portal, but also just a really good game. Excellent puzzles and a very interesting story."
,Recommended,257510,13398688,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Dawnthorn,"If you like first person puzzle games, this is definitely one to get. The demo had me hooked and the game totally delivered on the promise of the demo."
,Recommended,257510,13399014,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,_KryptiX_,"Skyrim graphics had a love child with Portal puzzle design to produce The Talos Principle.Basically the game includes a series of puzzles set in a variety of very pretty mythic backdrops including Greek, Egyptian and medieval castles. As you progress through the game, more objects become available (Eg. Lazers, Fans and self recording machines), allowing for a greater variation and difficulty for later puzzles. The aim of each puzzle is to gain access to a tetromino block, that later, through arranging them into a set shape, will unlock a lift to allow you to advance into the next area. The game also keeps one intrigued through the addition of an all seeing god whom claims to have created you, and a computer system which asks you philisophical questions and psychoanalysis' you. All of this building up to the great question, will you defy god and reach the heavens by climbing the tower? Or will you obediently follow his rule in the hopes of attaining eternal life?And for those puzzle fans out there that thoroughly enjoy a challenge, the game offers a harder difficuly by attempting to gain access to stars spread throughout the levels. Along with a certain level of replayability in trying to 100% the acheivements, with some only accessible if completed again.This game had me questioning what it is to be human and scratching my head as i stared blankly at several pieces of a puzzle in hopes that an answer will just appear in front of me.As close to a perfect game as one can get,  a nice 9/10 for The Talos Principle"
76561198057155587,Recommended,257510,13399054,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Jitzu,"OMFT... Masterpiece... A game beyond which is all it could be within it's own existence, beyond the simplicity of words... Portal on LSD. Get this, get it now.;-)"
,Recommended,257510,13334903,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Barney the Purple Communist,"Amazing. The way it presents supernatural entities such as the Devil or God is astounding, and the story of the game actually makes it very hard to distinguish right from wrong, and very hard to make descisions."
76561197992400866,Recommended,257510,13335291,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Chernoble,Amazing game
54321567890044645,Recommended,257510,13336605,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,J..,"Beautiful everything, thank you for the Talos Principle. xxx"
76561198054700613,Recommended,257510,13423311,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,sendstorm,"Best puzle game I've played. Ever!The soundtrack is amazing, fits the theme perfectly. Design is heavenly!10/10 would get stuck in a loop again :)"
,Recommended,257510,13424410,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,vaer-k,"This game is engrossing, polished and fun. And it's on LInux? It's a no brainer -- buy it."
,Recommended,257510,13426191,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Tasmania Jones,"The Talos Principleis a game that incorporates an effective balance of adventure and puzzle mechanics to create an engaging experience.Puzzle design is well implemented and each element of the level is used effectively. The game introduces new mechanics through discovery in fairly straightforward levels, removing the need for explicit tutorials. Other levels are generally non-trivial and require some careful thinking and possibly some experimentation. Obstacles and items in levels are often useful in more than one purpose, requiring different strategies to solve rather than resorting to gimmicks.One particular mechanic that's not as common in other puzzle games was the recording mechanic, allowing your character to record a short series of actions to do useful things such as activating additional switches and helping your character reach higher places. The mechanic also takes advantage of the terrain when combined with the ability to carry a platform above your character during recording to gain extra height.The game also exploits the fact that several puzzles are interlinked in a hub area. For players who want to collect all the stars for access to more difficult levels, interacting between puzzles in an area or going outside the level boundary is necessary, as the obstacles in each puzzle can be interacted with within other puzzles in some cases. It's not necessary to complete the game, but it shows that the game takes advantage of being in a more open space. It also shows that the difficulty has been set effectively, as the main game has a decent challenge but is not overwhelming, while the end game requires thinking (literally) outside the box.Backstories and texts enhance the game world. While only a few are strictly required to be read near the end, these help the player to learn more about the characters in the game and what the truth may be. More importantly, these readings make the game world and decisions meaningful, rather than having arbitrary puzzles for no reason.Through the combination of level and world design, the game produces a unique and engaging experience that goes beyond standard expectations of a puzzle game and easily stands out among some other popular games this year."
,Recommended,257510,13426432,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Flence242,"Simply a beautiful, intelligent game. It's not afraid to respect the player's intelligence, whether in its puzzle rooms or in its discussions on the philosopy of mind. Croteam has proven that they're good for more than just old-school shooters."
,Recommended,257510,13426936,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,SharkBaitDLS,"The Talos Principle does a number of things remarkably well. First and foremost: the puzzle design is as near perfect as I've ever encountered. The only other games that I would consider at a similar level are Fez and Portal. Without ever explicitly explaining any mechanics to you, the game presents the levels in a way that makes you intuitively understand the way things work. The open level design leaves you with dozens of puzzles to choose from at any given time, which means that if you get stumped on something you can just walk away and work on other ones until it comes to you. No one particular level is ever required to progress, and multiple levels will provide you with the same credit towards progression, so you can skip one for a very long time before you'll actually need to complete it. The challenging puzzles are just hard enough to push you and make you think, without pushing you to frustration. I haven't gotten to a point in the game where I was so frustrated with a seemingly impossible puzzle that I just went and looked it up online. And the ""hidden"" puzzles, the puzzles within the puzzles, solving those may just be the best feeling ever. Figuring out how to break the rules and solve a puzzle outside the sandboxes you're meant to play in is incredibly rewarding. Some of the easier puzzles border on totally obvious, and can feel a bit repetitive, but that's really my only complaint about the level design.Second, the game mechanics, while not particularly groundbreaking (pulling mainly from Braid and Portal, from what I've seen so far), are impressively polished. For example, the way that the laser reflectors work is incredibly easy to use, allowing you to simply select the targets you want the reflector to hit and then place it. It will then attempt to connect to all the targets you requested, preventing the annoyances of fussing about with angles and trying to get microadjustments perfect that other puzzle games often suffer from with spatial puzzles. The gameplay as a whole feels very fluid and polished. The game almost always translates my input into a result that matches my intent.Third, the performance. This games scales from stunningly beautiful at max settings to totally fine at the lowest, but the best part is that it runs buttery smooth on low settings even on very old hardware. My old laptop can play this game at 60fps without even kicking on the fans on low settings, and can even be pushed to halfway between low and medium before I even start to see framerate drops. It's got more precise customization options for performance than any game I've seen in recent memory. If you've got a computer that was ever considered decent in the last 5 or so years, you can probably play this game just fine.My closing point will be the story. I'm not sure I consider this aspect of the game as stand-out as the rest. It's certainly decent, and encourages you to think, but isn't incredible either. The voice acting is solid, and the backstory intriguing, but it's just not at the same way-above-average level that the other aspects of the game are.Overall, breaking it down, I'd score each category as such:Puzzle Design: 9/10Mechanics: 9.5/10Performance: 10/10Story: 8/10"
,Recommended,257510,13427593,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ExiFox,"If you enjoy puzzle games than I would highly recommend to add this game to your library.  Alot of puzzles will make you simultaneously feel challenged, stupid, clever, and victorious all in the span of a few minutes.  The easter eggs are highly amusing and the views you can come across are really something to look forward to.  Plotwise it can make you really think if you delve into it but ultimately is not necessary to enjoy the gameplay."
76561198122781524,Recommended,257510,17096809,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,dxrules783,so gud
,Recommended,257510,17097392,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Nytra,"Some of the most difficult and rewarding puzzles I've ever solved coupled with a beautiful soundtrack and a deeply immersive game world, and the story is superb.10/10 would transcend again"
76561197987629537,Recommended,257510,17079688,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Xyranoth,"Adventure Puzzle*Bug FreeOverall 4 out of 5Complexity 3Graphics 3Immersive 5Inovative 3Game Pace 1The Talos Principle is ultimatly a creative narrative that involves you in the birth of AI as the human legacy. It means to be played as an imersive story composed of pieces that you put together while running through the puzzles.The puzzle part itself is pretty plain and easy most of the time, you'll probably be challenge by one or two only, and in case you decide to run the side quest after the stars.This is more about the story and the emotional background then the game challenge, so if you are looking for some good puzzles Talos is not it.I can safely say I enjoyed it, and played through once with no rush reading through all texts I found."
76561198065037199,Recommended,257510,17081309,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Kazjulski,"This game amazed me. I was very sceptical at first, when I saw beautiful landscapes and all of the sudden some techological tripod and a lazer beam. But when I read that it is ""very philosophical game"", I decided to give it a go. I was blown away! Won't tell a thing about the game, because if I start telling, it will be spoiler. WORTH EVERY COIN I SPENT... P.S. Don't play pirate version - those guys are genious and they know how to spot hackers!!!"
,Recommended,257510,17082115,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Desrath,"Really enjoyable puzzle game that features some light philosophical thought and dialogue. Come for the puzzles, stay for the philosophical back and forth with an ASCII eye."
76561198057471819,Recommended,257510,17083004,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,zachary_putnam,"This game is just wow!  In this game, you are robot, you do puzzles.  Why?  Because god said so.  Also, you are forbiddion to climb the tower.  These puzzles will start easy, but later, they will do everything to stump you *cough cough* the tower challanges *cough*.  You will also be given tough choices throughout the game.  Also computers.  Also, tetrits keys.  Also, hidden stars that only a hardcore completinst could get.  So, have fun soving really hard puzzles!"
76561197983732026,Recommended,257510,17083605,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,demfloro,"At first I was sceptical, but this game surprised me with quiet a depth of philosophy.If you like Portal and similar games this game is defintely for you.Performance in Linux is reasonable, FPS in range between 60-130 with rare drops below 60."
,Recommended,257510,17085284,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,D. Dinis,A smart surprise from Croteam!
76561197985097062,Recommended,257510,15455484,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,talonofdiamond,"I went back and forth on this game a few times.Pros: It's a refreshing puzzler, with some very good mechanics, some puzzles that are too easy, and some that are trickier, but in a good way. Only once was I stuck in a puzzle so hard that I ended up looking to hints, and honestly, it was more a matter of not thinking of certain mechanics than it was a failing for the game. For that matter, though, I definitely had to do plenty of thinking. In addition, I considered trying to 'action' my way through a couple puzzles and learned really fast that this is a puzzler above all else, and if you try to skip a section by doing it by acting instead of thinking, you will fail.Conversations. The conversations are actually quite enjoyable, to the point where they were more fun to me than the puzzles at times. It does suffer a bit of Mass Effect style assumptions with your dialog choices, but in the end it comes together in a way that I appreciated, and I didn't feel terribly shoehorned the way I do with a lot of other games.Con: The stars. The bloody stars. Yes, they're only needed for the third ending, the secret one, but... ugh. Some of the mechanics and manipulations you need to do in order to discover them are asinine. There are at least three times where you need to discover literally invisible devices in order to get one, another one or two where you need to defy gameplay convention, and at LEAST five times where you need to actually remove elements from a puzzle to accomplish it, which makes the puzzle unsolvable if you haven't done it already.In addition, one mechanic in particular is never demonstrated, and is required for stars, and later for puzzles. I'm speaking particularly of your ability to place crates on top of the floating enemies and ride on them. There is NEVER an indication that you can do this until you manage to get to an elevated position with a crate in your hands, and wait for an enemy to get close enough, a situation that pretty much would never appear unless you were deliberately trying for it. This could've been avoided by simply having one crate on one enemy's head sometime in the game, teaching you the mechanic through simple observation.All in all, I don't regret my purchase of the game. Had lots of fun with it, got all the endings with a bit of guide help, and enjoyed it. Voice acting is excellent, the gameplay is good, the puzzles are mostly good [grr stars], the music is top-notch, and the storyline is both thought-provoking and loaded with plenty of 'feels' moments. There is a plot thread or two I felt was unresolved, but the ending [#2 being the real one] was still satisfying."
76561198061757575,Recommended,257510,15456548,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,nonplussed_by_space_dolphins,"Briefly:Good,- Has the most effective use of audio logs I've found in a game. Alexandra is spectacular.- Approaches philosophy with respect, and even talks you through philosophical puzzles.- Story, world, atmosphere. Ending.Meh,- Puzzles. Every tool used to solve puzzles, you've used in another game.- Music oscillates between very good (most of it) and very annoying (World 3, where you'll spend lots of time). This is less a problem with the music itself, and more with World 3 and pacing.Bad,- World 3 and pacing. Difficulty of puzzles increases as you get further, but story content decreases... so you hit a point where you're having to do more and more puzzles to progress the plot, and each puzzle is suddenly 10-15 minutes long (previously 3-5). The game slows to a crawl in its final hours, and I put it aside for two weeks in frustration.- Repetition. At a point, you'll realize they're VASTLY overusing one puzzle, and it take 15 minutes, or more, each time. There are at least 5. Have fun! [for those who have played, this is the ""lasers through windows and on top of fans"" puzzle]To conclude, I recommend this, but also recommend extreme moderation with regard the story. It's self-paced, but if you blow through at the pace you want to, you'll find yourself facing a 5-6 hour wall of average-quality puzzler with no story in sight, just to get that ending unlocked.Still.STILL.Play it."
,Recommended,257510,15703997,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,LawfulGeek,"The Talos Principle is not only about amazing puzzles, but also about a very human story in a game where you never see one of our species. Instead, you feel the impact they had on the world.You can read the full review on The Mental Attic:http://thementalattic.com/2015/04/15/review-the-talos-principle/"
,Recommended,257510,13719736,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tr3b0r,"Imagine a Portal-esque puzzle game, in a heavily modified Serious Sam 3 engine, with gorgeous visuals, and a very strange yet intriguing and thought provoking story.The Talos Principle is exactly that. Buy it, it's quite awesome, but slightly repetitive."
,Recommended,257510,15632181,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Feedbacker,Outstanding puzzle game. Croteam pulled off something special here.
76561198023508743,Recommended,257510,15820651,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Robb Slark,"My god. This is one of the best puzzle games I've played if not THE best. It's only competition is definitely Portal. That being said, it's not the best because of the puzzles (there are a lot of them that we've seen before and aren't very original). It's one of the best because of the amazing music, atmosphere, visuals, story, thought provoking philosophy, and that damn questioning computer."
,Recommended,257510,15799434,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Leafy Greens,"This is one of the best puzzle games I've ever played.The learning curve is gradual enough that you have enough time to learn each new puzzle element, but not so much that it's boring. There are five gameplay elements to unlock, and a number of others that you start the game with. There are 120 puzzles in the main game, with 9 more that can be unlocked by finding secrets.On top of the great puzzle gameplay, there's a deeply philosophical story. I won't spoil the details, but there are several different philosophies that have manifestations in the game, and which one you align youself with may have an effect on which ending you get.If you like Portal, but want to play a game rooted in philosophy instead of comedy, then try this. You won't be disappointed."
76561198171107071,Recommended,257510,15801661,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Vampseeker,"Good PointsWonderful Voice acting and in game text story.This games controls are so smooth!It's genuinely a pleasure to run around and explore every nook and cranny because of how responsive the movement is.Bad pointsIt's difficult to fully immerse in this game though because of the puzzle by puzzle game play.I never feel like continuing the storyline until I've solved EVERY star puzzle.... which takes me such a long time to solve, because of this I ended up wasting alot of time trying to solve early puzzles without the proper training or tutorial help of the main storyline.Over all this is a Good game I love the storyline puzzles they are well thought out and VERY gentle at hand holding at the start, after about 1 hour of game play.... they throw you in the deep end without a life guard.  ""it gets tough""3/5 Stars"
76561197963238685,Recommended,257510,15801664,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Calc,"Do you like portal?Of course you doDo you like history and philosphy?MaybeIs this great even if you don't?♥♥♥♥ knows, but its really good"
,Recommended,257510,15802402,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Jerot,"Good puzzles, engaging story that challenges you to seek out hidden bits and pieces. Really cool easter eggs hidden throughout the game, including some throwbacks to the developers older games. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,257510,17350429,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Jonakeys,A great mix of 3D-puzzling and philosophical themes. Reminded me a little of Portal. Puzzles are difficult sometimes and guarantee some headaches and is well worth it. A fine piece of gaming. And runs very well on my Linux (Gentoo).
,Recommended,257510,24235709,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Nihixul,"I will put my review simply: This (along with the Road to Gehenna DLC) has been the most enjoyable puzzling experience I have had in a video game. Challenging, fun, and beautiful."
,Recommended,257510,23856819,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Reapermike,"Very interesting game, extremely hard puzzles, interesting questions and of course, answers. I'm stuck in one puzzle, and can't get forward (and i really really want to play this game)Ssssshiiiieet~"
76561198073319250,Recommended,257510,23951718,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ralph,"The puzzles in this game were right up my alley in terms of difficulty; the content made me  feel challenged while providing few moments where I felt obvlious and unbeknownst  to most of the problems I had encountered while playing. And although the game felt rather repetitive at times the developers diverted from this issue by suppling more tools for the player to harverst in new puzzles. This game also has a tremendous abundance of gameplay time so one wouldn't exactly concern themselves with a short title when it comes to this beauty. The storyline is also extremely intriguing with many mysteries to uncover which encourages the player to proceed through the game.Even though I recommend this game to most who are reading (even for full price), I still don't think that any game should get away with it's flaws as none are perfect. One of the few aspects that I found particularly disappointing about this title is one of the NPC's you speak to on terminals which are spread out amongst the game. I felt as if the game was setting me up for failure as I was speaking to this NPC as most of the dialogue options provided to the player were extremely limited which resulted in some witty and rather humiliating remarks from the character on the terminal while the player was provided with vague dialogue options such as: ""yes"", ""no"", ""you're probably right"". Now, I know it's impossible to satify every player in this respect (because it's not like the developers can read your mind and insert dailogue options which suit you personally), but I just felt that there could have been more potential in making these conversations more engaging for the player, rather than just reading philosophical rants aimed at manipulating you. Since communication with this character relates strongely to the storyline line and how you perceive other characters it is vital that these conversations remain extremely engaging for the player and I don't think the developers succeeded in this regard."
,Recommended,257510,24012014,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Axeflow,One of the best puzzle games around. I suggest you to try it out.
76561198068897927,Recommended,257510,24028439,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Queequeg,14561923178416513516-156132165
76561198129028831,Recommended,257510,23958941,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,JmmiP 20,"This game is seriously a gem. I don't think I'm exaggerating when I say that upon completing this, I walked away a completely different person intellectually. It indulges itself in your philosophy and picks it apart piece by piece until you can see for yourself its inermost bowels and its unending holes. That sounds bad, but it's kinda like when your mom makes you clean your room and you end up thanking her in the end because it gives you the opportunity to reorganize your furnature and find all the left gloves you lost.Jumping into this game, I knew very little about it. I only really bought it because it was 75% off during the summer sale and I had apparently put it on my wishlist months back. But the realm of mystery is this game's niche, and it knows it, so if you haven't already, don't look up any videos for it, just trust me. It's worth every cent.The concept is simple, yet metaphoric and ingenious. You play as an AI inside the body of a robot. You're provided a myriad of beautifly designed puzzles to solve, but it's not just in some laboratory, it's in a strange, mysterious, almost spiratual world that seems to exist independent from our own. Upon completing every puzzle, you are given two choices: you can walk through the gates and be granted supposed eternal life, or you can ascend the tower and ensure your supposed death. Throughout the entire game, you are constantly questioning whether or not you can trust either of these. Not only that, but you are also given teasing bits of information about the outside world and about how it relates to yours, but they just never disclose everything and you just can't get enough.I can't imagine anyone not loving this game.  I'd recomend it to everyone."
76561198015519752,Recommended,257510,28136010,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,crispybc,Great game. Puzzles are quite simple except for the red/grey sigils and stars which are a bit more challenging. Always rewarding when you finally solve the puzzle. Great story keeps you guessing.
,Recommended,257510,28134206,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,AFloatingShoppingList,Very good puzzle game it can get a bit tedious at times but I highly recommend it
,Recommended,257510,28134377,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Yina,Awesome game with some really hard puzzles sometimes. It is great fun. I love puzzles and these are just great designed.
76561197999939053,Recommended,257510,28065184,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cromsen,Is goooood!
,Recommended,257510,28060101,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lazy Mr Koala,"Loved that game ! Its was challenging at time , the story was really good and its a pretty looking game :)"
,Recommended,257510,28064629,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Space Creator 3000,"A great game - combining excellent puzzles, a meaningful story and a unique setting and characters.One of my favourite games of 2014."
,Recommended,257510,28015029,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Audie,"Absolutely Recomended. The Talos Principle is probably my favourite puzzle game since the first Portal. That said, don't expect this game to be all too similar. There are some superficial similarities, such as an omnipotent robot voice in the sky, and discrete puzzle 'rooms', but the tone and style of puzzle are very different.Unlike Portal, the puzzles in this game don't place much value on execution. If you can conceptualise the solution, you have it in the bag, regardless of your reflexes or skill at first person games. If you're ever stuck on a frustrating jump, you probably haven't considered some other piece of the puzzle.The story part of the game is found through audio and text logs, as well as the robo-skygod talking to your character. No spoilers, but I found it well written, and absolutely worth hunting around for the odd hidden terminal.Presentation is also top notch, with some great visuals and a great soundtrack. The game runs great on both my desktop and on my rickety old laptop with a 650m."
76561198016062488,Recommended,257510,24687447,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Miami Pepe,"Puzzle game worth buying. Puzzles are interestingy, they dont feel like every puzzle is the same as in ""The Witness"". And very well done philosophy."
76561198061436581,Recommended,257510,28054404,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,towers1591,"This game is superb.  It has to be one of the best games I've ever played.  The different settings in history are cool.  The mysterious messages and communication via the computer hubs,  Plus the music is great!  The puzzle are very intuitive and can become very difficult if you chose to pursur star sigils.  I believe this game deserves a 10/10!  The dlc Road to Gehanna i did not like though.  No mystery really or story.  But this base game is great!  Buy it, you won't regret it unless you hate any kind of puzzle game."
76561197965369823,Recommended,257510,28045802,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Destinos Shadow,Great puzzle game that provides a challenge and has a good mix of mechanics to use for solving puzzles.  Croteam created an interesting story that slowly builds but keeps your interest throughout and leads to multiple endings based on your choices.  If you want an additional challenge there are puzzles that are harder and beyond what you need to complete the game.  If you like Portal 1/2 you will like The Talos Principle.
,Recommended,257510,28045109,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Subject Infinite,"The Talos Principle is a truly excellent first person puzzler that deserves to be in the same tier as the portal games when it comes to this genre.The Talos Principle is set in a world comprising of regions from antiquity (Ancient Egypt, Ancient Greece and what appears to be Medieval Western Europe) and follows the narrative that you are a servant doing the bidding of God, who goes by the name of Elohim. The backdrop to the game world is one of existentialism and philosophy. The game is full of thought provoking dialogue, discussing the nature of self, intelligence and life. Despite being made by completely different companies and teams, I find this game to be a spiritual companion to SOMA, particularly in terms of the subject matter discussed. The journey of following this philosophical narrative drives the storyline of the game (of this I shall refrain from saying more due to spoilers) and really immerses oneself in the absolutely beautifully designed game world. There were many times where I would just stop and admire the scenery.As I just touched upon, graphically this game is gorgeous (and naturally a little demanding on the system) and the art direction is one of 'ultra realistic'. The audio design accompanying this is also beautiful, with a fully realised aural ambience accompanying you throughout the game, from Elohim's booming voice to the sound of insects hiding in the foliage. Game controls were perfectly smooth and intuitive. Basic FPS controls, nothing to complain about here.Overall, I found the end product to be overwhelmingly engaging, intelligent and just flat out well put together. A lot of attention to detail, from even the gameplay settings menu (they have motion sickness options!) to the textures employed in creating the world. The story narrative is one of the best I have come across, and many of the puzzles that help to drive this are very challenging. By the time I had completed The Talos Principle, I felt like I had been on a journey. And perhaps I was a tiny bit wiser for it."
76561198192553454,Recommended,257510,28296297,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Strelok_718,9.2 / 10
,Recommended,257510,28309466,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Servius,"I don't usually like puzzle games much but this is easily one of my favorite videogames I've played in years and the first in quite a long time that I've not been able to stop playing until I finished it. I'd need to give it a bit more thought but as of right now I'd easily consider this one of the best videogames ever made.It doesn't do a lot of the things that I really dislike about puzzle games which I thought it might, it's something that has put me off of playing the game for two years despite loving Croteam. However none of the things I dislike about a lot of puzzle games are present here, it doesn't make you backtrack, it doesn't have completely obscure solutions to problems that require countless hours of trial and error. The game makes you think outside of the box but doesn't hide anything in any place that would require you to go through levels with a fine tooth comb. (Except for Easter Eggs but they're inconsequential to gameplay). It has none of these things but still manages to challenge you just enough to keep you engaged but no puzzle is so impossible you will be stuck on it for countless hours. You can also leave any puzzle you are stuck on to come back to it later at any point. This game is one of the few puzzle games I've played that strikes a beautiful balance in difficulty and has an almost perfect difficulty curve.The graphics and performance is fantastic, the Serious Engine is great, well made and as always is full of plenty of eye candy. Which is good because all of the environments in the game are absolutely beautiful and masterfully created, this is one of the few games where I've really stopped to enjoy the view.This is all wrapped up inside a wonderful story that is left to be pieced together by the player, it's offered to you by computer terminals with often confusing and often broken text files. (These can be fixed by means of the player outside of the game which optionally reveals even more about the world). The story of the world is intermixed with snippets of philosophy relevant to the message of the game and all of it serves to keep you motivated to learn more. I actually found myself solving puzzles sometimes simply because I wanted to learn more about the world I inhabit. I wont spoil any story details beyond any of this for the chance I might spoil it for someone reading here, but in my opinion it is one of the most fascinating plots a game has given me in sometime.If someone asked me to prove to them videogames can be art, this is one of the games I'd show them because  this game truly is art. I cannot recommend this game enough even if you're not a huge fan of puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,28305154,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Hasgarion,"I've just spent a few hours in the game and may update the review in the future. What I've seen so far is just one of the best games ever. I don't want to spoil anything, just let me say it's worth every cent."
76561198005030674,Recommended,257510,13995193,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Calysto,That moment when you complete a ridiculous star puzzle in a way so genius and crazy that you wonder:1#  Had exploited the game to complete the puzzle?2# Was there was actually a much easier/obvious way to do it?3#  Had I actually done it the way the developers intended?
,Recommended,257510,13996984,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Calvin,One of the best games I have ever played!
,Recommended,257510,14008782,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Doctor Cucumber,This is a great game about Alex.
76561198108686854,Recommended,257510,14012073,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sia,Good way to understand religions
,Recommended,257510,14013475,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,FoReVeR,Like Limbo was a must for every gamer... This game is one game you really cant miss. Great game and I haven't even finished it yet.
,Recommended,257510,13934362,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Telephoney,"The Talos Principle:While it's disingenuous to describe it as ""Like Portal, but,""I am an entirely disingenuous wretch of a human being, and no one will listen to my advice anyway.Therefore,The Talos Principle is like Portal, but for adults.and it's wonderful"
,Recommended,257510,14033128,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Notorious C.C.B.,"Phenomenal game in story, atmosphere, and puzzle gameplay. Much more well polished than I had initally expected going in from the demo."
,Recommended,257510,14034330,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ALSO I'M LINCOLN MEMORIAL,"Call the narrator G0DD0S, because this guy's a real jerk."
76561197983817188,Recommended,257510,13799490,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Hanover,"At first it appears to be a simple puzzle game...and then the world opens up to you and you realize this game is definitely something special.Like Portal, the Talos principle has a gentle difficulty curve.  It teaches you a concept and builds on it until you are an expert, and then really challenges you to think outside the box using what you've learned.  Each puzzle requires you to figure out how to get to a piece of a tangram (or what the game refers to as Sigils).  Once you have enough pieces, you use the pieces to open doors by solving tangrams.  These doors often lead to more worlds and puzzles.  There are also special stars to try to get which really requires some creative thinking.  The puzzle design reminds me a little of the game Riven.  There are individual puzzles, but sometimes the individual puzzles need to be put together to solve larger problems.Along with the puzzles is a philosophical narrative about the nature of consciousness and artificial intelligence.The Talos Principle is one of the most addictive games I've ever played.  You will promise yourself to go to bed after on more puzzle, and before you know it, you're up until 4am hoping to see what the next puzzle/world or whatever is behind the next door.The graphics are gorgeous and the sound effects and music are excellent.  Finally, this game has a ton of easter eggs.  My advice is take your time and make sure you explore every nook and cranny of every world.  You never know what you will find.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,14025091,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,fserb,OMG OMG. Having so much fun with this game. Recommend very much.
,Recommended,257510,14030023,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Melanc,"I'm not a great fan of puzzle games, but I can't stop playing the Talos Principle. The puzzles are great: logical, and just-nice challenging, giving you the feeling that you're only one breakthrough away from the solution, and that you can almost see it. The sense of satisfaction at finding the solution, and clearing a stage, is also enjoyable.There is a plot weaved into the puzzles about consciousness and being, which I'm still in the middle of, that is nicely paced and immersive.Give the demo a try."
76561198005494134,Recommended,257510,14030080,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Monkey Sparkle,"Absolutely cannot praise this enough. Whilst not finished yet, the story is enthralling...if not entirely unpredicatable. That being said, there may be a huge twist to come, who knows!The mechanics are good, and it has a ""Just one more puzzle"" factor to it. I also think it's maybe a little too long but I generally judge a puzzle game's optimum length to be around 6 hours. Of course I can't really complain too much about a lot of content ;)Very simple mechanics but very clever use of them leads to some mind bending puzzles which give you a great sense of accomplishment when you finish them.This is a no-brainer in my opinion, and Steam Workshop compatibility should keep you coming back for more for the forseeable future!Graphics: 8/10 - Pretty, not perfect. But it's a puzzle game...Sound: 9/10 - Very atmospheric and provide a good backdrop to puzzling. Also nothing too catchy, which if you're spending hours on a puzzle could only lead to irritation!Gameplay: 9.5/10 - Simple mechanics and good use of them. Drop half a point for sometimes being a bit jittery for precise puzzles.Length: 6/10 - See above. Huge amount of content...probably too much.Overall: 9/10 - Interesting story and great gameplay make this a hit in my book!"
,Recommended,257510,14015799,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,The brat with a fancy hat,The talos principle is the kind of game that every fan of Portal should play.I bought it to do a playthrough but only after recording about 10 hours (not on this account though) I realized this game is in no way worth watching. IT MUST BE PLAYEDThe game's story recalls concepts from greek philosophy in such accurate way that made me shiver ( I study this and I can tell) and it goes also with a good sense of humor mixed with amazing voice acting and storytellingI'm honestly puzzled on what vote to give to this guyMaybe 11/10 is not a joke this time
76561198058840691,Recommended,257510,14020104,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,mag7milion,"I started playing and I just could not stop.  Don't start playing when it's late - you will be away for hours!  This is really good piece of gaming, the motion is very smooth and graphics are sublime.  And this offstage voice is  giving additional thrill after major stages/ puzzles are completed."
76561197978631603,Recommended,257510,14020515,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Katrach,Me like it!
76561198027154531,Recommended,257510,14021438,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tim,"This game will make you think... not just about the puzzles inside the game, but about the puzzles of human existence and philosophy.  It will change you and make you smarter for having been exposed to it.  I cannot recommend this game enough.  Buy it."
,Recommended,257510,27490159,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Okarin,"The Talos Principle - it is a puzzle in the first person, which gives you the feeling that you in this world of puzzles, you need to sovle it, and understand where to go next.. There also tell about the facts of history and statements of various scientists. Also a lot of philosophical thought, and there is even a humor)). Good sound effects and graphics."
76561198052457249,Recommended,257510,27486592,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hgnypem,"I'm still in the midst of this game, but I love the fps puzzle game. It's fun and different than anything I've played before."
,Recommended,257510,27478514,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ZeroPoint,Brain teaser with many secrets and easter eggs.Looks good too!Replay value: High
76561198178073270,Recommended,257510,27498169,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PlasticPhoenix,Can't not love this game.
,Recommended,257510,27499520,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ara,"A really, really fantastic game. The atmosphere, music, and pretty much everything else come together to have an emotional effect you wouldn't expect from a puzzle game. Would also highly recommend the Road to Gehenna DLC."
,Recommended,257510,27502274,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,<TheLonelyShinigami>,"Since portal I've never had so much fun in a puzzle game again, and im sure going to miss this wonderful game who makes wonder about life in general while entertaining you to the end."
,Recommended,257510,27504599,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Narf,"The puzzles are the essence and the only mandatory part, but it really has everything - a story mind-blowing at times, extra hidden challenges, easter eggs, non-fatal choices that still keep you on the edge.And surprisingly great performance too! I play on a Linux laptop, and quite a few older titles would lag at times - not this game.Well worth every cent you spend for it. I'd nominate it in at least 3 categories of The Steam Awards, if I could."
76561197987848285,Recommended,257510,27430903,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kay0zz,"I did not expect this game to be this good.Deep, challenging, phylosophical."
76561198007419465,Recommended,257510,27408173,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sgt.SuperSheep,What am i doing here???
,Recommended,257510,21831983,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,DreamStar,"A great puzzle game, a real bargin  if you purchase it during a Steam sale but also completely worth the full retail price tag!- The game has tons of puzzles to solve, some simple, others frustrating and others requiring some outside-the-box thinking.- Game posesses lovely graphics and smooth gameplay mechanics (which are similar to the Portal game series as many other reviewers have stated.)- I don't like first-person perspective games at all, but this game has a third-person option in it, which is great!- The game's story is simple enough but touches on many complex philosphical ideas, and you learn more as you dig for hidden items and documents in the terminals.- There seems to be lote of hidden items and multiple endings, so even after you beat it seems like it will still be entertaining.I am looking forward to purchasing the DLC content for more great puzzle-solving gameplay once I am done getting achievements and whatnot with this one.Don't miss this one if you are looking for a good puzzle game with similar gameplay to the Portal series!"
76561198006584382,Recommended,257510,27321181,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Siegfried,"This game is everything a smart person who loves videogames may want/need to spend some quality time with his/her laptop.Food for thoughts in simple bits, served with a side of extremely pleasant graphics.Worth every cent and minute spent on it."
,Recommended,257510,27319960,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Barmaster,Best set of mind bending puzzles I've played in a long while.
,Recommended,257510,27394028,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,•♡fae♡•,A game that makes you question reality as you know it.
,Recommended,257510,30941099,Posted: 4 April,all,Seena Neku,"Best Puzzle Game, Great Soundtrack , Challenging Puzzle may take 24HR to Finish The Game , Harder Than Portal 2 And The Story Make Yy SatisfiedREP:Story 9/10Bgm 8/10Graph 6/10 (Old PC User) (8/10)CTRL: 9.2/10Overalll: 8/10 >>> 11/10 , Because Of My Pure HeartNope Because The Cat"
76561198052990663,Recommended,257510,13926992,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,JoeAveron,"This was a really good puzzle game. Decent graphics, moderate difficulty, hidden bonus puzzles, no bugs. The only downside I can see is the lack of playability, despite the three different endings to the story. I'd recommend it, I just wouldnt play it a second time."
,Recommended,257510,13928114,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,GrantShmitty,One of the best steam games I have ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,257510,13928378,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,nautzz,"This is very likely going to be the best puzzle game of this decade. It delivers in every category imaginable, except for the gameplay being a bit unoriginal (but the quality of the puzzles more than make up for this). Even if you don't like puzzle games, the narrative is thoroughly engaging and will be more than enough to hold you over between doing the puzzles (I myself enjoyed doing them however).Please play this game. It's one of the very few examples of high quality writing in videogames, and for that alone it should be worth your money."
76561197970832998,Recommended,257510,13931036,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,SWK,"I'm going to call this game 0.8 Portals.  No dark humor, WAY more puzzles, much more challenging puzzles, and a genuinely deep plotline."
,Recommended,257510,13845399,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,phonicpod,Great little puzzler. A little crashy for me but overall would still really recommend!
,Recommended,257510,14478068,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Rezero,This is by far my 2014 Game of the Year. Truly amazing.
,Recommended,257510,14478267,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,kraemahz,Stimulating conversations with a terminal.
76561198006725439,Recommended,257510,14478284,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Copperbad,Myst and Portal just had a lovechild and I'm so happy I could cry
,Recommended,257510,16986565,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Raggamuffin,"The Talos Principle serves up fun, challenging puzzles, pretty graphics and an interesting story. Triple threat!+ Puzzles are fun and get increasingly move difficult and complex.+ The story is interesting and dished out a little at a time.Playtime: ~ 20h9/10"
,Recommended,257510,16988884,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Xelk,"This game reminded me of Portal ever since I started playing it. It's a great puzzle game, with some riddles that are quite hard to solve, specially if you want to unlock everything.I enjoyed playingThe Talos Principleand I recommend it to puzzle games fans, but it's not as good as I expected it to be, probably because of the fact that I consider Portal games much better games. What makes Portal games so special isn't just the puzzles. It's GLaDOS, the atmosphere, the story, everything.The Talos Principleis good, but from my point of view it's not so special in those aspects."
,Recommended,257510,16996061,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Alan Resnick,"I don't often write reviews for games, but I had to for this one. The fantastic visuals and great optimization help add to the immersion, and the philosophical narrative will leave you questioning your own beliefs, and what it means to be a human. The puzzles are fun to solve, but sometimes brain-wracking. I often found myself stuck for up to 30 minutes on one puzzle, and sometimes I had to look the solution up on YouTube. That said, if you are a fan of puzzle games and philosophy, this game is a magical experience. If you can pick this game up on a sale, I would admonish all those interested in this game to buy it without hesitation. 9/10"
,Recommended,257510,15536752,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,josie.morehouse,"I absolutely love this game.  It's fun and, at times, a good challenge.  The environment is absolutely beautiful, and the interaction with the consoles is enteraining.  I love the soundtrack, the music sounds great while you're going through the puzzles."
76561197987007918,Recommended,257510,15537630,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,NoNeOnE,Great experience for the price.
,Recommended,257510,15359332,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Magic SchoolBus Johnson,"Another shining example of games-as-art.  Puzzles are well-crafted, and difficult.  Voice narration is spot-on.  Milton Library Assistant can get tedious, but maybe that's the point.9.5/10"
76561197969718700,Recommended,257510,15361169,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Foxtrot,The best puzzle game I have played in... well ever. Like Portal 1 + 2 but with a steeper degree of depth and difficulty. An instant classic.
76561198064070316,Recommended,257510,15364479,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,shann_cs,"Amazing game! Logic-puzzle 3D game containing strong references to AI theories, philosophy etc. Puzzles are great and complex (except the simple ones at the beginning). References located through the game forced me to think more and more about humanity, soul, artificial intelligence. The most similar game I know of is Portal but IMHO Talos is far better! I have seen both possible endings, spent almost 20h."
,Recommended,257510,15366281,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Greek Economy,I liked it.
76561198074691603,Recommended,257510,15366598,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,tishka.ua,"This is a really cool game. Interesting story, smart puzzles, and great final.I recommend it to all fans of Portal and Portal2."
76561197969390949,Recommended,257510,15367839,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,ActiveNobody,"Extremely good graphics, no stuttering."
,Recommended,257510,15389700,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,NReale3370,"This is a game deserving of its hype.  I'm a huge fan of Portal and Portal 2 and this definitely scratches that itch in a wonderful way.  The story isn't as elaborate as Portal 2, most of the narrative is in text and audio logs strewn about the environment (not hugely hidden but some are a bit out of the way).  I'm usually not a fan of stories told this way because its often difficult to get all of the important bits and too many details are offered implicitly which sometimes goes over my head, but that isn't the case here at all things are spelled out nicely.  There's also several choices of ending depending on choices made.  Its a very philosophical story that will challenge you, quite literally, to defend your definition of life and consciousness.Gameplaywise the game plays in the first person, like Portal.  Each world is divided into small hubs with individual puzzle levels inside, with some hubs and levels containing hidden stars needed to unlock one of the endings.  These stars can be quite tricky as sometimes you'll have to think outside the puzzle room in order to get them, which was a very exciting prospect.  The puzzles themselves amount to getting from point A to point B (which has a sigil piece you use in special puzzles to unlock new areas, see the free Sigils of Elohim game to get a feel for these, which also unlocks 3 extra stars if you finish it).  The tools to get from point A to B involve blocks, redirecting two colors of lasers, and disabling force fields and turrets, and finally actually being able to record yourself and have that recording exist in the world to help you accomplish things, like standing on a button to open a door or carrying you across the level on a platform.The big thing that really struck me with the gameplay of this game is how tightly everything was put together.  This game has been tested so extensively you pretty much can't break it.  Every level is put together just perfectly to work the way the developers intended.  On rare occasion I did find myself getting stuck somewhere I couldn't get out, mainly because I tried soemthing crazy, on those occasions you can easily hold down the X button to reset the level.  Additionally, the most innovative feature to first person puzzlers is what I call ""snappy"" items.  When you're carring a box an outline of that box shows up on places where you can put it, and on buttons and platforms the box snaps perfectly into place.  Want to place a laser guiding mirror on top of a box?  It will just snap right in place if you're pointing near it.  Want to try making a big jump?  Feet will likely show up at the destination and you just press space and boom you jump over.  Too many times watching my girlfriend play Portal she would try the correct solution, but slip up on a jump and decide that wasn't the answer and look for other solutions.  This mechanic stresses finding the solution to the problem, and not worrying about the skill or dexterity to make tricky platforming happen.  I found it extremely refreshing and original and it made figuring out what I could and couldn't do much much easier.Graphically the game is gorgeous.  Lots of outdoor environments, from deserts to snow, almost every level was beautiful and had something new to take in.  In spite of all the graphical splendor the game kept an extremely steady frame rate, and with more graphical options than I've ever seen in a PC game you're sure to be able to set the performance to your liking.  You can even adjust how fast your character moves!I played the game in Linux using the proprietary Nvidia drivers and had no issues whatsoever and what seemed like excellent performance throughout.  The amount of work put into the Linux version was incredible and I very much appreciate.  Mouse and keyboard options were plentiful and the mouse felt especially sharp and precise.  I spent about 25 hours pretty much 100%ing the game, though one secondary choice has 3 mutually exclusive options, so I'll probably play the game again down the line to see what those give, although I don't believe they change anything but a couple of conversations.If you like Portal, you will like this.  If you thought Portal was too easy, you'll like this.  If you like puzzle games, you'll like this.  Its one of the best entries in the genre."
76561198015755362,Recommended,257510,15390135,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,prettybigbloke,"Buy it, cuz logicz 10/8"
,Recommended,257510,15391213,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Vince,"More than a game, a real art master piece !"
76561198160146385,Recommended,257510,15392769,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Dragos280,"This game is so beautiful.Very good optimiztion,very good puzzles and very good graphics.Worth all the money"
,Recommended,257510,24264175,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,jelyk,The best puzzle game I have ever played. Loved it.
,Recommended,257510,24260057,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,EvelynWarden,"""They all say to doubt everything... do not doubt everything, QUESTION everything.""I can't speak enough to this game. At the most basic description, The Talos Principle is a puzzle game with both first person and third person POV options and tells the story of you, as a robot, through the environment, the articles and of course, Elohim, the omnipotent, ever encouraging voice of love and reason.For those who appreciate games that make you think, particularly on the philosophical aspect of it, there are few games that have challenged my line of thinking and provided as many points of view on some common philosophical topics. First and foremost is the Talos Principle, an old greek philosophy that questions humanity in the age-persisting scenario of man vs machine. There are others - is religion valid, what is consciousness, what is true intelligence, what is the value of immortality and above all, what is humanity - all questions that are explored and exploited throughout the game.The puzzles themselves are challenging near the end - I've played more difficult games, but the real shining feature of this game is not the puzzles, but more the challenges of thought. The environments are appropriate and symbolic; in fact, much of the readings, artistry and overall pictures are incredibly symbolic of religion and philosophy.The most fantastic aspect of the game is it's ability to provoke profound thought, and not just to validate your own personal beliefs, but through the writings, the poignant script and story, encourages you to think to oppose yourself. All of the brain power aside, there are real, completely unexpected opportunities for emotional connections to the characters that are mentioned along your journey for those who delve deeply enough.Play it all. Read it all, explore it all. Question everything."
,Recommended,257510,24250767,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,bog_dan_ro,"Impressive puzzle game, and very, very good linux support!"
,Recommended,257510,24242048,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,73786e,Don't play this if you're already suffering an existential crisis.
,Recommended,257510,24253428,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Donald Trump,"This game is INSANE. A must have in your steam library!The game started off with simple puzzles and instructions. Step by step, it takes you to a whole new level of complexity which challenges your familiarity with the equipments available and level design.Besides the puzzles, the game also challenges your philosophical understanding of consciousness by asking a series of questions that makes you think.Also, the graphics and soundtracks in this game are beautiful and relaxing.The only downside I can think of is that the game gives me motion sickness no matter how I adjust the settings, and it seems to be a common problem in games made with serious engine like Serious Sam 3.If you ever enjoyed solving puzzles or thinking about the meaning of life, this is the game you've been looking for!"
76561198132481159,Recommended,257510,24128568,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Hideki Tojo,"i havent even scratched the surface of the game yet, really. however, only about 1.5 hours in and i love this game. the overall ratings this game got is the proper rating (if not good enough)."
76561198036317772,Recommended,257510,24115425,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,joozek78,"If you enjoyed Portal, you will have a good time playing Talos too. It's very similarily constructed, but with totally different aesthetics."
,Recommended,257510,24116123,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,LB,"This is an excellent puzzle game with a very philosophically challenging story. I liked the ability to freely go between puzzles and skip ones I couldn't figure out at that time. I also enjoyed the hidden challenge stars, some of which were deviously hidden and two of which I had to look at a walkthrough to find.My main complaint is the choice funneling in the dialogue system. (Yes, there is dialogue in this game). I often felt restricted to dumb choices in situations where there was clearly a better answer. At one point in the game it seems to indicate that this limited range of choices is intentional but then it is immediately shown that isn't the case. This is however a very minor complaint, as the game is first and foremost a puzzle game and the puzzles are excellent. I was just a bit disappointed at the rather forced dialogue.The voice acting is great. The symbolism is also on-par. It's pretty clear what the religious connotations are, but there are more subtle things like the numerous headless human statues. I really appreciate all the effort that went into making this world believable, despite the obvious ludicrousy of solving puzzles. The story is engaging and it is well worth the time to read all the documents you find to try and understand what happened.This game is totally worth it. The Road to Gehenna DLC is worth it too, by the way! Get it if you can.For more in-depth commentary and spoilers, you can watch my full playthrough here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBCsoffCh90rprHvnVMtsbCrGZXNZkWWR"
,Recommended,257510,24151862,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,♥モノクマ♥,"the game is good but the framerate is horrible on anything less than an i7 5th gen processor and GTX 960 the framerate dropping suddenly in the game play gave me a migraine, which made it really difficult to solve the puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,24277720,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Drawoox,great game if you love puzzles so this game for you i really love this game becous his history and the music are greatso i really recomend this game
76561197997729320,Recommended,257510,15174175,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,nehaj007,"Beautifull Croatan coast. Cool idea, just way strong motion sickness, There are settings in game just for that but still wierd."
,Recommended,257510,15176157,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,chrisnyc75,"A brilliant game brilliantly executed with brilliant graphics, brilliant controls, and a brilliant story.  Get it?  Simply brilliant.  Buy it now - even if you're not sure you'll like it.  You will.  It's brilliant."
,Recommended,257510,15179018,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Raifu,"A very solid game!Lush graphics, good controls, and a good difficulty curve.Puzzles are made of little puzzly building blocks that you are introduced to one at a time, so the core concepts all stay the same while the combinations get more and more tricky.Has a neat background sort-of-story thing going on that added some good flavor to the game.I'm not going to lie though, the end game has some fiendish puzzles. I had to get help from three people to get past the last 20 or so puzzles.If you're interested in a very cool mix between a puzzle game and a casual exploration game, then grab this!"
,Recommended,257510,15179377,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,A13x,"Very enjoyable puzzles, nice design, interesting story.If you enjoyed Portal you'll love this."
76561198002600557,Recommended,257510,15179734,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Thegreenman13,"If you liked portal, you'll probably like this.-Justin"
76561198063209654,Recommended,257510,15182529,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,fooey,"One of the best games I have ever played.If you are into puzzle games and a good sci-fi backstory, I cannot recommend this enough.My only gripe would be that the music can get a bit repetitive when struggling through a puzzle, but this can easily be fixed by putting on your own playlist!"
76561197968922992,Recommended,257510,15183819,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Raaaawr!!!,"awesome game, buy it if you like puzzles with some philosophy thrown in!"
76561197972924828,Recommended,257510,15184501,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,bIgReD501,"Buy this game, you will not be disappointed. Just when you think the puzzle is simple its hard and when you think its easy there is a twist. Strangley relaxing but at the same time erry.Well worth the money, on sale or not!"
76561197970703689,Recommended,257510,15186140,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,bbmatt,"If you enjoyed the portal series and puzzle games in general, this is an absolute must.Perfect for occassional play, or hours on end. You can pick up where you left of from launch of game in Steam within 10 seconds on an SSD. Now *that* is a slick interface and how it should be done.*There's so many similiarities with other titles (notably the aforementioned portal series), but that's what makes the game so amazingly good. The attention to detail, the storyline discovery all leads to a very thoughtful deep experience.Playing this *without* resorting to online guides is a must, as the reward for finally figuring something out makes the frustration worth it.* I should note, the games performance in macOS is average when compared to windows. If you're on mac, it's worth taking the time and effort to install boot camp to play the game - sounds crazy, but the difference is HUGE."
76561198039282501,Recommended,257510,15189785,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Burgermeister Meisterburger,"Do you enjoy lifting things? How about moving things? What about completing tasks that you're not sure about having any powerful or meaningful long-lasting effect? Well, I can say that if you do, this game is for you. Beautiful, atmospheric environment, enjoyable and complicated puzzles and a remarkably woven story.Level design is fantastic, and completing the puzzles felt very rewarding. The music is wonderful to listen to, I recommend buying the soundtrack.The only other thing I would have wanted more of from this game is more puzzles, but I think Croteam did a fantastic job already with the ones they've created.(And Serious Sam's voice over from Elohim has to be one of the best DLC's I've ever purchased. It's encouraged me to play this game ALL over again, with all the endings.)9/10"
,Recommended,257510,15191294,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Aphlax,"Best game I've played in the last two years, equally good as the Portal series. Great narrative sequences, well defined and complex tests and some eye-opening graphics make this game to a top game."
76561198152593414,Recommended,257510,15192125,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,VladimirNyeTheCommunistGuy,"This game should go in the puzzle Hall of Fame. Amazing graphics and amazing narration, this game is a to buy for puzzle fans. It fells like a Portal game but is really diffrent. Great game, and thank you, developers, for this game."
76561198107449277,Recommended,257510,15193726,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Alex Dyna,"This is with out a doubt the best game I have evere played. The philosophical consepts are well thought out but they don't bore you. The puzzles are very ingenius. (dispite my hatred for the recorder) The way each levle was presented was a work of art, such butiful graphics and not to mention the easter eggs are fantastic. Nothing to fault about this game at all.If you play one game in you life, let it be the Talos Principal. Well worth the money."
76561198091301283,Recommended,257510,15195370,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ajccarlson,
76561197970882112,Recommended,257510,15195476,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,tekman2000,Absolutely fantastic ....... thank you VERY much Croteam for taking the time to make this AWESOME game.
76561198104119699,Recommended,257510,15196379,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,President Scary,"I can't recommend this game highly enough.If you like first-person puzzle games, you'll love it.  If you think you'll like first person puzzle games, this game will suck you into the genre.  You'll get the itch.IMO, it's harder than Portal 1 or 2, but easier than something like Antichamber.  The open world layout lets you solve at your own pace.  Stuck on a particular room?  Try some others, learn a new technique, and come back later.  As with all games of this nature, solving an especially grueling puzzle makes you feel f-ing GREAT.The atmosphere, environment, soundtrack, visuals, and, especially, the story (vague but approachable, best discovered over time) are all TOP NOTCH.  Plus, it's actually quite educational if you take the time to read the texts about ancient mythology/literature.I rarely buy games full price when they're first released, but I did so will glee when I heard about the Talos Principle.  I don't regret it for a second.The only negative I would cite are the Tetris-like door puzzles- they seemed to me more guesswork than anything, and could really be frustrating.9.5/10"
76561198104385285,Recommended,257510,15196546,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,The Heitaro,Trippy af but epic af at the same time.  really good if u take the time to decode the documents
76561198054980041,Recommended,257510,15196575,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ThudnStuff,"This game is something else. At first you think you're getting into a first person puzzle game and it turns out to be a thought-provoking computer manipulating you to do it's dirty work. Don't get me wrong the game is great and definitely worth looking at.* The puzzles aren't too easy, but they aren't particularly challenging. It's a good mix of wits and understanding your surrondings and you will be fine on that aspect. This game also brings in a huge element of philosphy and thought as you make your way through the game. With plenty to read in the database and plenty of computers to argue with, you start your journey and find what it means to be alive.*This game is worth paying for, maybe not at full price, but definitely when it's on sale."
,Recommended,257510,27023651,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[cSS]Freakish,"This game is very good.  Don't skip the story, there's some good stuff there.  Highly recommended."
76561197974993679,Recommended,257510,27042148,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DreamKiller,"Awesome game. Beautiful world, challenging but not overwhelmingly difficult, addictive, high replay value. Highly recommend"
,Recommended,257510,17618031,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,GmacRocsar,"Fantastic game, is filled with serious philosophical concepts and a very unique plot."
,Recommended,257510,17619675,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,ms,Great for late evening relaxation. Especially red ones..
,Recommended,257510,14882772,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Panlannan,"Does everything a puzzle game should. Shows not tells, decent difficulty curve, optional challenges and a sense of real satisfaction from finding the solutions. Mixed with a hyptonically soothing soundtrack, exellent visuals and a compelling story that you need to explore to get the most out of.Definately worth a look"
,Recommended,257510,14884092,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,bijman,"Spent more time looking around the beautifully crafted world than solving puzzles, don't regret it for a second."
,Recommended,257510,14889102,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Clay Pigeon,"The Talos Principle is an undertaking every bit as ridiculously ambitious as the project described in its background story. To meet its designers' apparent goals, it not only has to be an intrinsically enjoyable game to play, but also:feature a thought-provoking and thoroughly plausible story that remains watertight no matter how far off the rails it seems to gopresent a meticulously accurate allegory of the Christian faithjustifiably lob some hardcore college-level philosophy at the gamer without being insufferably didacticSurprisingly, the game succeeds admirably in each of those facets.The puzzles are ingenious in their design. They start out simple, but the late-game puzzles are among the most diabolically difficult I've ever encountered. What's truly brilliant about them is the way they achieve their difficulty. Any game designer can create incredibly challenging puzzles simply by adding layers and layers of complexity, but The Talos Principle largely refrains from this tactic. It uses a very small set of tools and traps presented in fairly compact levels, and most of them are immune to trial-and-error and simply a matter of epiphany.The gameplay is well-engineered, and the developers are clearly aware of the fact that puzzle games can be frustrating when given a realistic, three-dimensional, physics-based world and a first-person/OTS perspective. While the world's physics are realistic during all trivial activity, actions directly related to the puzzle have a wonderful snap-to quality. Jumps have perfect, predictable landings, and object placement is 100% accurate. Removing twitch skill and nanometer precision from the equation prevents small inaccuracies from ruining good ideas and keeps the focus on the puzzle. Additionally, it makes it almost impossible to exploit variations in the terrain or any other unintentionally advantageous bounding meshes.Rather than spoil the story, I'll just say that it's superb. It makes the philosophical and religious analysis in the background immediately relevant, rather than something to be trudged through only by obsessive bibliophile completionists. Several small stories – read, seen, and supposed – unfold and converge expertly alongside the main storyline.I want to emphasize that it's a story worth enduring to its conclusion. Various portions of it may appear uncomfortably religious or anti-religious, depending on the gamer's perspective on Judeo-Christian beliefs. I thought I knew where the story was going toward the end, and found it aggressively cynical. I recommend that you keep an open mind and withhold judgment until experiencing the finale's insights for yourself."
76561198001572973,Recommended,257510,14889221,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,pX,"I really like this game* puzzles are well designed* scenery is breathtaking* I also liked the story* interactions with IAN are exquisite and it shocked me how well they are implemented (although many times I haven't found input I was looking for, but despite that, I looked forward to them)* gameplay is long enoughIn short, I really recommend this game to anyone who likes puzzle games."
76561197971183871,Recommended,257510,14908151,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Kwisatz Haderach,"My favorite puzzle game since Portal/Portal2.  I've not completed it yet, just finished area A (so not even half way through).  But so far most of the puzzles have been fairly easy, except for the few that have the ""don't cross the lines"" along with a tower of Hanoi style which require a bit more thinking.  The stars have been the most difficult (stars are not required for the main story line, as with secret locations for other games).  A few times I had to consult the web just to figure out where they were located.  There are even times where you can see the star, but still cannot figure out the start point just to get to them.  A few of the stars, even after seeing their physical location still required some consulting the web to figure out were the start point for getting the star.Graphics are great, story good, user interface is great, voice is great.   Cannot think of any cons for this game except price, but I purchased it when it was on special, so that con did not count for me."
76561198050285347,Recommended,257510,14910405,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Yascob99,This game is definitely one of my favorite puzzle games. The story pulls you in as you piece it together yourself from the remaining scraps that are left behind. The gameplay is just as good as it progressively puts you through several increasingly difficult puzzles.If You liked the Portal portal series this one is one that you should definitely buy.
76561198051167124,Recommended,257510,15107174,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,MaTeX,"Cool puzzles, great atmosphere :)"
,Recommended,257510,15109774,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,MorphicMess,"You might just learn a little philosophy in this game, albeit a little fragmented and without structure but that seems entirely the point. This game lets you make what you will of the questions it raises and works very effectively as a first person puzzler.In brief, pros:Intreguing premise which is followed throughMany puzzles to do, and a few optional onesSomething refreshingly newCons:I found the game started to drag nearer the endNot for you if you don't like readingAll in all a good game. I completed in 20 hours with 2/3 endings (couldn't be bothered with the other 20 stars)."
,Recommended,257510,15088253,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mechwarrior,Easily my favorite game of 2014.
,Recommended,257510,26888964,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nate1098,If you've ever wanted an existential crisis while solving puzzles then this is the game for you!
,Recommended,257510,26366116,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,wjleier,This is a great game. TTP requires more thinking than portal but less twitch shooting mechanics. TTP works you into the rules of the world well so that you not left confused about what you can do and how you can do it.  The puzzles are challenging but not somuch so as to be unfair.   TTP has a story so far that has my interests peaked.  I think this is all of a 9+/ 10 game even though I'm only on  the second tower.  Still needing to complete much of it i'm additcted to TTP so far and felt compelled to endorse it on its behalf.
76561198047321445,Recommended,257510,26276734,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Treefingers,"Very engaging. Puzzles were as good and sometimes better than those in the Portal series (more components for solving, less ""physics""). Story was great. Music soothing and eerie."
,Recommended,257510,26371504,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,paddelmaster,much puzzleso philosophicnice motion sicknesswow
76561198042030220,Recommended,257510,25807552,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Hoorhay,It's like paying someone to constatly remind you how stupid you are.. but you are actually enjoying it.
,Recommended,257510,26813960,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrPig,Love the story. Love the atmosphere. Love the puzzles. Love the OST.
76561198116530810,Recommended,257510,16897361,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,huddini,"A truly remarkable game with a surprisingly good story and awesome visuals, if you liked portal even a little bit this is definitely a game for you!"
,Recommended,257510,26793246,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tub,everything is a lie
76561198061394368,Recommended,257510,27906935,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Laser Waffle,"If I ever taught video games in a school, this would be ""required reading."" I laughed, I cried, I redefined what it meant to be human, I had dreams of solving engram puzzels. This quickly became one of the most meaningful games to me. If you're on the fence, buy it. I'm not huge on puzzel games, this and portal are all I've played, but this was very enjoyable. The story and it's presentation are the main draw and they do not disapoint. I've only beaten the game once because I like to log in and read and listen to the audio logs and I don't want to start from scratch again. This game means alot to me, and a lot of people worked hard to make it something special."
,Recommended,257510,27898371,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sak,my review.game kinda funmy review dun give gud rating
,Recommended,257510,27903274,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,psychoyoshi,"Life-affirming. From a narrative perspective, one of my top 3 games of all time. Croteam is to be commended for pushing ahead and making the game render with Vulkan despite little or no benefit to themselves for doing so.Oh, this is a puzzle game, right? Those are pretty cool, too."
,Recommended,257510,27903802,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Linhead Parry,"The Talos Principle is a truly great game. The graphics, music, puzzles, story, etc. are all fantastic. The gameplay is not only fun, but thought provoking as well. It will cause you to think about consciousness and what it means to be a human. I would definately recommend this game to anyone who enjoys puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,27903157,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,rabus.lupus,10/10 Would existential crisis again
76561198107021478,Recommended,257510,27900184,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,landon.erb,"The Talos Principle, is a great puzzle game. But the world that was made to house these puzzles is what most impressed me. The narrative and level design stand out as an exemplary point in which form and content are perfectly aligned. I still have the odd dream working my way through one of the more challenging levels and the philosophical depth has stuck with me long since I finished it. Highly recommend to anyone who enjoys a good spatial puzzler. Also checkout the DLC which is also outstanding."
76561198050114720,Recommended,257510,27796342,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Brandnewza,"great puzzler , easy to grasp, harder to beat."
76561198005478925,Recommended,257510,15248857,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ponsipons,"It's a challenging game, love it.Update: Still love it xD"
,Recommended,257510,14393911,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,hirvox,"The Talos Principle is a first-person puzzle game like the Portal series, but the puzzles are not the only mindbenders; The game also has a very strong philosophical and moral message to those who look beyond the puzzles. Sometimes literally, but sometimes it's hidden behind several layers of meta-puzzles. This is a game that challenges your thinking on several levels. Highly recommended."
76561198058582874,Recommended,257510,27839258,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,everlastall,"Not one usually for puzzle games, but this is just so expertly crafted, with interesting settings and teases of backstory that I just fell in love. Not what I expected from the guys who made Serious Sam, but it's a very cool game. Like SOMA, except replacing horror with puzzles."
76561198152724213,Recommended,257510,27733018,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zepbac,"This is the best puzzle game I've played in a long time!The puzzles are challenging, but fun and completing them feels rewarding."
,Recommended,257510,27733080,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jcgara_356,It´s a really good puzzle game plus the story will make you think about humanity and it´s future
76561198022162487,Recommended,257510,27728550,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SaintMacintosh,You should own this.
76561198135849499,Recommended,257510,27773590,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CuriousCaution,"There isn't anything quite like a good puzzle game to make you simultaneously feel like a genius and a total idiot; and this is easily one of the best ones I have ever played. It's fun, challenging and very beautiful."
,Recommended,257510,27820704,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GodFromGodHand,No game had me ponder what is life and question what is to be a human more than this one.Everybody should play it.
,Recommended,257510,27786413,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Avonder,Prepare to be astonished. This is a 3D first-person puzzle game with amazing graphics and deep storyline from the creators of Serious Sam. Enjoyment is imminent.
76561197986699015,Recommended,257510,27790281,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,wiseG,Philosophy in computer game!
76561197996838260,Recommended,257510,31961010,Posted: 25 May,all,HYPERED1,If you like puzzle games this is a must have; just the right learning curve and lots of secrets and easter eggs to find. The story isn't too involved but the ending can be affected by the conversation choices you have with the computer terminals (Milton) and the DLC adds some interesting twists to the concept of the game world and what it's real purpose is. Looking forward to the sequel (hopefully) coming soon(?)  9/10
,Recommended,257510,19132164,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Athakaspen,"This is, by far, one the best puzzle games I have ever played, The puzzles are difficult, but all use the same basic mechanics, and it exploits its own bugs for some of the extra challenges in the game.The story is also fantastic, centering around you (a robot) traversing a seemingly abandoned world, and slowly learning through fragmented archives the history of civilization and figuring out why you exist and what you're meant to do.But maybe the story isn't for you. Maybe you're more about pure puzzles, in which case I have to tell you you're missing out on one of the best narratives in a puzzle game. But if you so choose, you can complete the entire game and ignore the story aspect altogether. The story is explained almost entirely through computer terminal interactions, which are all entirely optional (until very late-game, where they're used to unlock some of the final puzzles).Overall, this game is fantastic. Some of the puzzles will leave you scratching your head for quite some time, and during these long periods you can contemplate the mysterious and fantastic story that you're taking part in. I couldn't recommend this game more."
76561198257960517,Recommended,257510,31959565,Posted: 25 May,all,SuperubiDino,"I really liked this game because of its phylosoply and it really leaves you something to think about for the day. While you solve the puzzles, in reality you are always thinking about the fundamental questions that this game poses. I spent hours thinking about this game. And since I also really enjoy puzzle solving, that's another reason to love it. Overall I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who is willing to think a little bit :D However it may be wise to wait for a discount like I did because I have to admit that even for such a high quality of a game it can be a little bit too much for some people."
,Recommended,257510,31970130,Posted: 26 May,all,buffjape,"Sheer quality from start to finish - this game is special.Beautiful graphics. Connect lasers and fans together into beautiful floating structures.Great discussions on the nature of humanity and consciousness.Don't be put off by the robot in the advertising,the game is about people and what comes next."
76561198004565666,Recommended,257510,31971108,Posted: 26 May,all,brickey.8,"An excellent puzzle game that stands out above the crowd in all respects.The puzzle design is great, taking straightforward mechanics in creative and mind-bending directions and interacting very well with the environments (especially the secret stars, which often require bending the rules and interacting with level features outside the puzzle boundary or in adjacent puzzles).The story asks tough philosophical questions, demands you try to answer them, and then actually feels like it's holding you to those answers, which is pretty impressive. It does fall into the ""collect the left-behind logbooks"" cliche and the ""two competing guides"" cliche, but it also adds some unique and thoughtful elements.Visuals are great and atmosphere is great. Secrets are numerous, and hidden at the right difficulty so you'll find some but not all without extensive work. There's good quality of life features like fast-forward and loading previous autosaves. And it accomplishes the rare feat for a puzzle game of actually feeling LONG: I logged 18 hours to finish the main story and a third of the challenge stars, so I still have side content left to go.Overall I'd highly recomend this game to anyone who likes puzzle games."
,Recommended,257510,31968508,Posted: 26 May,all,Eyclonus,Like Portal but improved everywhere. No ♥♥♥♥ing cake jokes.
76561198029262513,Recommended,257510,31961960,Posted: 25 May,all,Wouldzz,"I took a break from playing this game just to review it. Those who compare it to Portal are right in that this game will scratch a smilar puzzle-solving itch, and when you figure out some of the tricky ones you feel that irreplaceable sense of accomplishment that keeps us gamers gaming. The puzzles are indeed very clever and there's a very nice comfortable speed with which the puzzles become more challenging. The solutions to get some of the stars are downright badass.Graphically the game is pretty and will not challenge even older graphics cards. GTX480 ""recommended?"" I had that card like 6 years ago. Anyway, it's pretty and won't make your PC sweat.I'm still playing Doom, so when it gets crazy and my blood is up and I'm about to have a coronary, I'll just pop this game on and chill. It's quite delightful...I grabbed it on Steam sale for $10, but I'd pay the $39.99 they're asking for it now. I'd bet it'll be on sale again next month when the summer sales drive happens."
,Recommended,257510,19010648,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,SALTY-TRUCK,"this is deep.You can try find out who you are, your purpouse but in the end i guess this game will make you depresed, this game is not just puzzle or nor just game about AI, its about us, its about humanity if you ask me i never seen so much philosophic, depresed game what trully  show you unreal hope and dead world, this game is lonelly you are alone guided by the voice , computer AI , people letters and girl recordings, in game you are gona be like explorer same as human- you wake up - born as robot who dont undrestand who he is and what purpose he has in this world, looks really simillar to humans, you making task guided by creator - voice and in the end you have few choises to made - and i guess all of them are similar depresed ..... in game you are moving throught dead civilizations - rome - egipt - medieval what make atmosphere really sad , music in game is one of most important components as dead civilizations is , music will make you feel depresic, sad but at same time nostalgic, if you gona play this game be prepared for all these sad things , good luck and let your will be done ....."
,Recommended,257510,31908563,Posted: 22 May,all,Goyo,"I've enjoyed this game.It's story not as much as others here, but it's puzzle content it's very well done.The dificulty it's well balanced.There aren't hardcore/impossible puzzles.There aren't purposeless places just to delay your gameplay.The music kind of fits.And there are a lot of secrets to be found. Some worthy, some others aren't. Mostly entertaining.What can I say, if you like puzzles, go for it without a doubt.If you are into the scifi aspect of the game ONLY, you better skip."
76561197965518109,Recommended,257510,32032512,Posted: 28 May,all,Dark Sniper,"Definitely not a game for everyone, but if you like cerebral puzzle games, this may be the best one I've ever played."
76561198131379643,Recommended,257510,32016249,Posted: 28 May,all,frenchfrog,"I got this game at full price when it was still new and had a real good time with it.The world is quite surprising but fits with the story, the puzzles can be tricky and requiere some skills and thinking.I can only recommend this game !!!I got the Road to Gehenna expansion and must admit I didn't finish it. quite harder and too much of the same."
76561198210124347,Recommended,257510,32014149,Posted: 28 May,all,SwagMaster,I havent finished the game yet but what ive seen so far the game is really nice! The puzzles are well made and arent that hard. If you want an good puzzle game this game is for you! But if you want an action game this is the exact opposite thing!Pros:+ Nice graphics+ Really well made puzzles+ A long gameplay (I think)Cons:- There isnt really a story
76561198013575329,Recommended,257510,32034279,Posted: 28 May,all,Archaea,"The game was decently long for what I paid ($15 for the game + DLC) and I can't complain about that aspect.Pros:A lot of puzzlesPretty great storyGraphics are greatSounds are amazingCons:I got pretty bad motion sickness and had to tweak a ton of settings to be alright with itStory doesn't have as many choices as it'd lead you on.Some of the puzzles/hidden objectives are more tedious than thought provoking.On a whole, if you like puzzle games and get this game on sale, I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,257510,32082422,Posted: 31 May,all,Tre0n,"I think I bought this game a long time ago, maybe in a Humble Bundle or something. After having played it so much, I honestly feel bad I didn't pay more than whatever I got it for. It's clear a lot of love and care went into making this game. There are so many puzzles, an interesting overarching theme, some great voice logs and as you solve puzzles you gradually figure out what's going on in the world around you. There's plenty of easter eggs, too - somehow I keep finding myself ""solving"" something that doesn't even seem to be a puzzle, and there's usually a fun easter egg at the end of it all. The game always rewards you for taking an interest in the things you find.You can engage with all that as much or as little as you want. There are so many puzzles open to you at any given time that whenever you're stuck, it's the simplest thing in the world to go find a completely different puzzle to try. It's a great calm, relaxing game. Just walk around and solve some puzzles, maybe read some text logs, soak up the atmosphere. Put your favourite podcast or YouTube series on in the background and you're all set for a really chill time.Highly recommended for fans of Portal, The Witness, and anyone who likes playing games with something on in the background."
76561197993485992,Recommended,257510,32079699,Posted: 31 May,all,Fiasco,"This game was great. I haven't had that enjoyable of an experience in a single player game since Portal 2 and Half-Life 2. I'm currently going through the expansion now, and I will for sure be getting the sequal."
76561198019778497,Recommended,257510,32050928,Posted: 29 May,all,elestebon,"Come for the puzzles, and let the philosophy stay with you long after.Really great puzzle game. Lately it seems I can never maintain interest in any game long enough to finish it, but with The Talos Principle, I not only finished, I was sad to do so."
,Recommended,257510,32065960,Posted: 30 May,all,Kasceus,"I finally got around to beating the game. Some of the puzzles are a bit frustrating, but they are impossibly fun to try to solve.  You have to think outside the box for a lot of it.  The gameplay mechanics and underlying storyline are worth the time.  If you like puzzle games this is absolutely the game for you.  Also, if you don't mind having a bit of an exetential crisis. ;)"
76561198277381418,Recommended,257510,32097786,Posted: 31 May,all,Fuzzy Empanadas,"This game is honestly an experience that everyone should have an oppertunity to enjoy. The setting is so atmospheric, and the story, hidden in files, and terminals, is truely wonderful. The only problem I really had with the game was the jumping. The jumping was slightly dodgey as a mechanic, and the jumping animation in 3rd person was terrible, but it was such a minimal part in the game that it mattered very little. The puzzles became simmilar, but not so much that I didn't anticipate what will come next, and the thought of the towercompelled me to keep playing. This game is structured All in all, I would rate this a 9.5/10 for a puzzle game."
,Recommended,257510,32074418,Posted: 30 May,all,WolfParty,"I'm a multiplayer kind of gamer, this is the exception"
76561198029626187,Recommended,257510,32137320,Posted: 2 June,all,Miraell,This game is something more. You will be thinking not just about puzzles. And I just found my first easter egg!
,Recommended,257510,27158361,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vaskebjørn,Best puzzle game i've ever played AND THE MOST MEANINGFUL GAME IN THE WHOLE UNIVERSE. k tnx.
76561197992875728,Recommended,257510,27193865,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ziouas,For every Portal and logical thinking fan this is a must have!
76561197989564690,Recommended,257510,27100747,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tomoko Kuroki,"One of my favorite games.This First person puzzle game has some of the standard mechanics you would see in a game of this type but, this one is unique in the way it combines these mechanics. The puzzles are also mostly easy until you go for the challenge stars which are hidden with in each level with numerous easter eggs which extends the game's playability in order to find them all in addition to its multiple endings.The game truly shines in the ambience and story as you play. The sound track is amazing and the as you solve puzzles the story slowly unfolds through the terminals.Highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,257510,29994924,Posted: 17 February,all,Wil,This game is the most rewarding and thought provoking piece of art I've ever played. I highly recommend it to people who like puzzle games with some good philosophical element.
76561197964267955,Recommended,257510,30006815,Posted: 18 February,all,mdf,"Probably the best game I've ever played, and I've played a couple of games. In addition to the mind-bending and carefully crafted puzzles, secrets and hidden references paying homage to other great titles, the storyline and the philosophical questions raised really win the jackpot here."
,Recommended,257510,29665019,Posted: 3 February,all,DatSonicBoom,"For its possibly quite large price, it's a game you definitely won't put down any time soon. Even if you're interested in other games, it's a fun game to come back to every now and then."
,Recommended,257510,29624917,Posted: 1 February,all,bunnyfreakz,MasterPiece
76561198016603957,Recommended,257510,29616583,Posted: 31 January,all,Fibulator,Great puzzle game.  Normally I lose interest in puzzle games after an hour or two.  I beat all 3 endings.  Great endings!Cons: DirectX11 started crashing every 5 minutes (after about 2 hours into the game)Switched to OpenGL (ingame settings) which is terrible... but crashes would only happen ever 3-4 hours.Known bugs that the devs seem incapable of fixing.
76561198190886786,Recommended,257510,29677303,Posted: 3 February,all,Inf3rnal3s,I love it! One of my favorite games!10/10
,Recommended,257510,29693819,Posted: 4 February,all,KareemKubed,"It's a good game, IF you like puzzle games. Well, I just found out I don't. Especially that it is a game that is ONLY a puzzle game. If I liked puzzle games I would give it a 10/10 otherwise. I still might play it from time to time, however."
,Recommended,257510,29699225,Posted: 4 February,all,Blayzeing,"Okay, this game is amazing. The puzzles are fantastic, and the story is beautifully elegant. The graphical fidelity to the objects they put in the game is breathtaking. It's so good that I played it, and now, literally one year later started thinking about it again and am still so impressed that I had to come here to write this review. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,257510,29699368,Posted: 4 February,all,kem,"Positively the best game i've ever played, both visually and content-wise. It gives me chills every time i see the gorgeous sights combined with relaxing music, and the puzzles hurt my brain too."
76561198176452586,Recommended,257510,29884049,Posted: 12 February,all,awing1,"This is the best puzzle game I have ever played, if you liked Portal but you thought it was too easy, then you will love this game. If you like to ponder on philosophical questions then you will love this game. The game expects you to catch on quick and be intuitive, because the puzzles are by no means easy."
76561198090146974,Recommended,257510,29888122,Posted: 12 February,all,Kitty_Hobos,"What an amazing game. Interesting gameplay, intriguing story, and tons of bang for your buck. I am not even finished with the game yet and at time of writing I have 15.6 hours on record. Now, that either means I'm incredibly dumb or there was a lot of time put into making this game extensive. While it's more than likely the former, I still highly reccomend this game."
76561198130982297,Recommended,257510,29891083,Posted: 12 February,all,seldenr,"If you like the portal series of games, you have to play The Talos Principle. Puzzles are challenging, TONS of secrets, soothing soundtrack, and a cohesive and provocative story line combine to make this a MUST PLAY puzzle game."
,Recommended,257510,29870830,Posted: 12 February,all,Aulayna,"A great puzzler with a discover as you go story that really gets you thinking about some of the assumptions and things we take for granted when it comes to life, our moral codes etc. Some of the puzzles (particularly with the spheres that blow up if you get too close to them) can be a little tedious, but overall this is a very, very solid game. I picked this up on a whim and subsequently lost a few days of my life to this game.I've heard some people have issues with motion sickness while playing, I don't suffer from it myself but I noticed there's a lot of adjustments that can be made in the options menu which should help combat it."
76561198074486659,Recommended,257510,31029059,Posted: 8 April,all,Theotician,"The story is intriguing, the puzzles scale fairly well, the art is beautiful, and the experience is unforgettable.Well worth playing."
,Recommended,257510,29941826,Posted: 15 February,all,Kotori,Really makes you think.
,Recommended,257510,29920706,Posted: 14 February,all,imsweepy,the philosophers portal
,Recommended,257510,29930642,Posted: 14 February,all,AlienBacteria,"Great first-person puzzles, legitimately interesting and well-presented philosophy, surprisingly deep world development, and a plot that will blow your mind.  This game is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,257510,29680075,Posted: 3 February,all,dagen,wow- just get it and play it through :)
76561198086485069,Recommended,257510,29769719,Posted: 7 February,all,pete.n.briggs,"Really liked this game.  Great story, can be challenging but leaves you feeling like you've accomplished something when you finish some of the levels."
,Recommended,257510,29725717,Posted: 5 February,all,ninj4g4ngster21,Amazing game with difficult puzzle to excercise your brain
76561198036703470,Recommended,257510,17549321,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Tezert,"solid 21/37, would play again"
,Recommended,257510,27485762,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Defu,"I really liked the puzzles in this game, but maybe even more so I liked the beautiful world which you can explore while solving the puzzles. In the end the puzzles weren't that difficult, and I decided to solve all the extras as well. The more puzzles and secrets you solve, the more information you gain about the world and the story."
76561198081244399,Recommended,257510,27485965,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Patch,"A hidden gem among puzzle games. If you like Portal, this is definitely up your alley."
,Recommended,257510,27471636,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jambo,Excellent philosophical game.
76561198001525993,Recommended,257510,15211200,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Loadingplswait,"Puzzles.... Puzzles everywhere. They get harder the further you progress. More and more possibilities and useables are unlocked each time you visit a new area. These unlockables are used mainly inside puzzle areas, and damn.. some puzzles are hard !Besides the puzzles, you follow a story, you're following the words of Elohim. Though.. a computerish program is trying to take you of the righteous path. Like Adam and Eve, there's a god and a devilish snake. both pulling you to their side. Your choices in this game do mater. There's some serious quantity of readable texts and QR-codes. double your playtime by reading all of them.. ouch !One of the most important things to notice: This game has, in one word, breathtaking areas and the sounds just make the puzzle complete. So much detail, beautifull environments, day/night shifts, ambient sounds. It gives you an amazing feeling just walking through all these different worlds, one even more beautifull than the other ( best are the messenger worlds in my opinion ).If you don't like puzzle games.. Buy it for these breathtaking areas.If you do like puzzle games.. Shut up and let em take your money.10/10 As i've enjoyed every second I've put in this game."
76561198063751457,Recommended,257510,27467842,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,OblivionDanny,Amazing Puzzle Game
,Recommended,257510,17348087,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Heenett,"If you liked Portal, this game will easily suit you. The puzzles are very well designed, with excelent progression and rhythm, and varied mechanics. The basic idea is also the same: you are trapped in a place filled with puzzles with a voice giving you the instructions and with a few things making you think something's wrong. It's plot has a very strong philosophical aproach, being simple and extremely touching at the same time. This game is a masterpiece!"
,Recommended,257510,27246664,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Danork,I strongly recommend this to anyone who likes puzzle games and/or is even remotly interested in philosophy.The puzzles are hard yet engaging without getting frustrating (with examption of a few stars that is).The story's overall premise offers a lot of room to explore and can advocate thought on quite a high level featuring a mix of fictional as well as real and fitting philosopher's texts.10/10
,Recommended,257510,28195827,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,lordmechanic,Reall cool game.  You kind of get this Zen vibe while playing.  Get it on sale you won't be dissapointed.
76561198142219007,Recommended,257510,28945307,Posted: 2 January,all,omgirl333,Really thoughtful while still fun to play. I love spending my weekends in both the puzzles and in thoughts about the questions the game raises up.
76561197997677510,Recommended,257510,28942128,Posted: 2 January,all,lemonbone,Amazed but so much text.
,Recommended,257510,28862408,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,hube,Love this game. Nice puzzles and beautiful landscapes. Cannot do anything but recommend this game.
76561198063296299,Recommended,257510,28845281,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Peter,"Great puzzle design, challenging but not too frustrating. Rewards you for thinking outside the box. I love the overall atmosphere and story too."
,Recommended,257510,20954102,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,EvilLost,"A+. Very highly recommended.A relatively straight forward puzzle game with some reasonably difficult puzzles, beautiful (albeit simple) environments, great voice acting, and a wonderful philosophical backstory.PROS:-Good puzzles of varying difficult-Some difficult puzzles, but not annoying or frustrating (difficult to solve mentally, for the most part technical execution is easy).-Good voice acting-GREAT backstory (touches on many aspects of free will, philosophy, etc.)-2 of the 3 endings are excellent.-Incredible number of easter eggs (some are really well hidden)-Good number of secretsNEUTRALS:-Environments are beautiful but relatively sparse-""Alternate"" solutions to most puzzles involve breaking the game mechanics somehow; not really a problem since this is a single player game but it is easily doable.-Some of the secrets are a little TOO hidden (involving multi-step processes outside of the game such as converting hexadecimal, etc)....but these are secrets and not part of the main game so I can't really complain.CONS:-The ""Messenger"" ending is pretty crappy... (This involves solving every puzzle and getting everything, so you'd think it would be the best ending). The other 2 endings are very good though.-The hint system is basically worthless.-Some of the puzzle mechanics aren't directly introduced."
,Recommended,257510,29112043,Posted: 8 January,all,Ace,"Not even finished this, best game I've played to date."
76561198179194441,Recommended,257510,29117734,Posted: 8 January,all,YouM4dBro,One of the best games I have ever played! Good work there designers :D
,Recommended,257510,28857040,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[THEM] MENTOR,"A deceptively complex puzzle game with an engaging plot from the wizards at CROTEAM.A harder, deeper version of Portal with a plot that reminded me a lot of SOMA.Worth a purchase without question."
,Recommended,257510,28844565,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Aye.Kye,"If you are a fan of the Portal Series, you may become a fan of The Talos Principle. They are both puzzles where you have to figure out how to get from point A to point B, utilizing methods that are admittedly different. However similar, they are very different games, method and mood. As for myself, I am a fan of both."
76561198142760139,Recommended,257510,28913871,Posted: 1 January,all,thebiguglyalien,Great. Now I have to go rethink my life.
,Recommended,257510,28894742,Posted: 1 January,all,Silencer.Lang,"On the surface, this is a puzzle game with interesting challenges with techniques that have been used over the years, but executed perfectly. As you start to scratch the surface, the story starts to build and you start to question...everything.Beautiful story building, wonderful soundtrack, challenging puzzles, and a complete mind-melt on your actual existence and philsophical-being as a human.My time played was spent finding all the 'sigils' and 'stars', though I am sure there are other Easter Eggs (I did find a few) that I missed."
,Recommended,257510,28751226,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,illicious,The puzzles are challenging and plenty.Wonderful and gorgeous environments.Will test your brain and entertain you aswell.Worthy of many game awards.Talos Principle 2 please!
76561198107577521,Recommended,257510,28888062,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,RealHumanDog,"The game is just a bunch of puzzles with a predictable philosophical story attached. Im only about half way through, so it could have some surprises left but I doubt they will fundamentally change the review.Id give it a 6.5/10... worth it, but not earthshattering that the 95%+ positive reviews give (I guess there are a lot of 5-8/10 reviews for it)."
,Recommended,257510,28883288,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Poncho,This game is simply awesome. Do yourself a favor and play it.
,Recommended,257510,30991359,Posted: 6 April,all,Twilight Shadow,"Absolutely fantastic! If you enjoyed the Portal series, but wanted more difficulty and no portals, then this game is for you!This is hands down one of the most fun and frustrating (in the best way) puzzle games that I have ever played.It will play with your mind in other ways too. By the end of the game, I was questioning my very existence and weighing every one of my thoughts against complicated philosphical concepts, and in the end, it was all to answer one question, and that is, ""Can we cheat the Talos Principle?""I thoroghly reccomend this game to people who like challenging 3D puzzles. Be wary though, as they can easily be overwhelming if you don't stay focused. :)"
,Recommended,257510,28892572,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Pug ^V^,"This was an amazing game from start to finished. I loved everything about it from the art style, to the music, to the intricately told story. This was probably one of the best game I have ever played."
,Recommended,257510,28880744,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,CommanderFluffy,its definately interesting.
76561198026346723,Recommended,257510,28882350,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SirPsychoSexy91,"The best puzzle video game I have ever played!Portal and Portal 2? Yeah, they were good, but The Talos Principle is a much deeper game. Of course, length does not make one game better than the other, but for those wondering, this game took me a good 25 hours to finish the main story, a few more hours to get all the hidden stars, and another 10 or so hours for the Road to Gehenna DLC should you pick that up (steam sales have it for like 4 bucks).You are a robot dropped in a simulated world and some sort of god creator called Elohim talks to you periodically. He cryptically speaks about this and that concerning what is good and holy, how you are becoming a devout follower of his, and strictly bids you to stay away from the tower. You go throughout the world and solve puzzles involving you to jam forcefields or redirect light beams in order to access further areas, moving boxes, utilizing fans, and a few more tricks in order to collect puzzle pieces. These pieces eventually allow for you to unlock more areas and tools of the game until the end. It is a very smart puzzle game and in my opinion, it becomes a lot harder later on, even more so than the Portal games (which I still like as well).But there is also the philosophy aspect. Throughout the game you access computer terminals and read documents concerning very intelligent people of our world as well as the not-so-smart everyday folks on the internet. Something has happened to the real world, but what? Why are you here? Are you human or could you ever be human? This game asks questions like these throughout its story and sort of makes you wonder what is truly after death.Anyway, this was a great game. The Road to Gehenna is great DLC as well although the puzzles are a lot harder right off the bat. The DLC puts you in the role of Uriel another servant of Elohim as he tasks you with bringing 17 other robots to the new world. It is interesting how these robots all have their own personalities and talents. One is good at art, another is good at creating fun stories to read, while yet another robot has you take part in its interactive stories where you read what is going on and make choices just like the old game Zork.There are easter eggs to past Serious Sam games, Pink Floyd, etc...as well as the awesome Serious Sam voiceover that you can give Elohim so that while you are playing, Sam talks to you and not the zealous god of the base story. It makes for some interesting dialogue experiences!All in all, this is a big puzzle game and I was very satisfied with its story, themes, characters, and endings (that's right, there are multiple endings based on some choices you make).10/10"
76561198081018434,Recommended,257510,24819998,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,"OCH, DOONTOON",Absolutely brilliant
76561198255435089,Recommended,257510,28920740,Posted: 1 January,all,Iorek Byrnison,"Buy it. Fantastic game. Only have 1.5 hours on it so far, however it is truly a great title"
76561198052399031,Recommended,257510,28874182,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,maserri,You are making a massive mistake not trying on this eternal masterpiece.
76561198037646881,Recommended,257510,29136418,Posted: 9 January,all,The Bloody Blue Knight,"This is not just a game.This is art.An expression of what it means to question, what it means to wonder. That innocent child-like questioning of the world around you and the rules set in place by it. What it means to have faith, what it means to doubt. What it means to be human. (If nothing else, just get it for the soundtrack)"
,Recommended,257510,29140208,Posted: 9 January,all,Gamx,Run in modable mode so you don't have to restart to add dlc
76561197965359032,Recommended,257510,29142157,Posted: 9 January,all,hexanol,beautifully crafted ingenius puzzles.
,Recommended,257510,29157439,Posted: 9 January,all,deliala919,"makes you think.... good puzzles, odd subplot, neat graphics"
,Recommended,257510,28735499,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DrunkDalek,"Incredibly well thought and refined, brilliant learning curve and puzzles. Easily one of the most iconic puzzles games to date."
76561197981528648,Recommended,257510,29096252,Posted: 7 January,all,Wulfyn,Quite simply incredible. I thought it would just be a fun puzzle game but it was so much more. A beautifully crafted story that is fully embedded in the game you play and doesn't feel like something tacked on at the end. I don't want to say anymore for fear of spoiling anything. It's just one of those games that has to be played. If you ever want to talk about games being taken as seriously as other art forms then this is the example to use.
,Recommended,257510,29109536,Posted: 7 January,all,ZMYaro,"This game is a masterpiece.  It has 3D puzzle design reminiscent of Portal, but swaps out Portal's spartan test chambers and lighthearted comedy for gorgeous outdoor environments (that ran at 60 FPS on a laptop!) and philosophical questions that stick in your mind after you put down the game.  Even if you do not get any of the DLC, the base game is packed with content—tons of puzzles of increasing difficulty, challenge stars that reward you for thinking outside the box (sometimes literally), bonus puzzles, and easter eggs.  Plus QR codes to scan and audio logs to listen to if you are interested in learning more about the game's backstory.My only complaint is because of the outdoor, nature-filled environments (versus Portal's clean, consistent, evenly lit ones), it is easy to miss some puzzle elements because they were too dark, covered by branches and leaves, obscured by complex textures, or appeared inaccessible due to hitboxes not matching geometry.  That said, those issues rarely come up unless you are searching out easter eggs or going for 100% completion, and they should not turn you away from this phenomenal experience."
76561198077504147,Recommended,257510,29105443,Posted: 7 January,all,Cneujahr,This game is amazing! Great puzzles all within an amazing story!
76561198006513865,Recommended,257510,30127491,Posted: 23 February,all,Aegis,Wonderful game. In fact this game is advanced tetris with great storyline.
76561198071893152,Recommended,257510,30024586,Posted: 18 February,all,KMIngramJR,Quite possibly one of the most fun puzzle games I've ever played.  Buy it already!
76561197980678147,Recommended,257510,30109892,Posted: 22 February,all,Monahk,"One of the best puzzle games I have played. Some of the puzzle solutions might look obvious, but even the easiest puzzles have their own unique twists. Further along some of the puzzles literally make you think outside the box.I am not sure how much replayability there is, but there was enough game the first time through that it definately worth the money.On top of the puzzles, the game is just beautiful, some times I found myself just wandering around levels to admire the sheer beauty of the game."
,Recommended,257510,29977546,Posted: 16 February,all,brick,"I was stuck on a puzzle more than once, which doesnt happen very often."
76561198067111539,Recommended,257510,29973904,Posted: 16 February,all,Cappielung,Do you love Sci-Fi themed video games?Do you love Sci-Fi based philosophy even better?Do you love puzzle games with some challenging head scratchers?Then buy this game. It's worth it.
76561198040273245,Recommended,257510,31036233,Posted: 9 April,all,Trikke,"It's a fun puzzle game that reminds me a bit of portal.If you like portal, you might like this."
76561198038831587,Recommended,257510,30092993,Posted: 21 February,all,Rinzler,"From 1 to 5 stars this game definitely deserves 4, but with the reservations of the current state of gaming industry, which prefers to develop action or shooter games. Just 10 years ago, I don’t think that this game would draw a lot of my attention, but with so little variety of quality puzzle/quests games nowadays -it is a decent specimen of its kind.Let’s start from positive things – interactivity and philosophical concepts implemented in this game. I really liked the story and ideas behind this story. The voice “from the sky” talking to you, philosophical excerpts, computer questioning your reasoning -all of it really makes you interested in the storyline and pushes you to reevaluate the game from a simple puzzle game to a something bigger.With all of it, I feel that developers didn’t invest too much time in developing puzzles. Once you get the major concept how to solve puzzles -it becomes a little bit boring: all puzzles are of the same kind and although some of them can take a bit of time -they still kind of easy and after a while you want to have something different.All in all it is a good game, and it is worth to have it in your collection."
76561198009348591,Recommended,257510,30020867,Posted: 18 February,all,1 rooting tooting motherfucker,"Amazing themes about the nature of consciousness and what it means to be human. If you're interested in philosophy this game is rife with it.Also great puzzles. Lots of easter eggs to find, too!"
76561197982510927,Recommended,257510,30018830,Posted: 18 February,all,Corvus Corax,"8/10Pros: Beautiful game: The story is compelling and unique, the puzzles are actually pretty hard (in a good way), the music is beautiful and atmospheric...It's a good game fersher.Cons: The puzzles get repetetive. The end fizzles slightly - most of the game is very atmospheric and immersive, similar to Portal, but the end sort of feels rushed, the production value sort of drops off suddenly."
76561198116193192,Recommended,257510,30026540,Posted: 18 February,all,GoblinGizmo,"Superb game, questions what life is and if artificial intelligence can be considered life. Haven't beaten it but half-way there."
76561197997191716,Recommended,257510,30000639,Posted: 17 February,all,PheonixK,"Absolutely fantastic. Exciting gameplay, compelling and rich story. I can't wait to try the DLC next."
76561197978594296,Recommended,257510,30044418,Posted: 19 February,all,Dosshell,"A very well made and a fun fps puzzle game.I usally buy a lot of games when steam has a discount. Play the games for ~1h before i get bored.This game was different.The urge to explore what happens next was so strong. I'm not into games with complicated stories and all that but this one is simpel and deep. I was surprised over how well they had made the story, until I read that they hired professors of philosophy to write major parts of it.The puzzles are very well balanced. I'm stunned how they could develop and balance so many puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,30108541,Posted: 22 February,all,Will,I liked it. It’s rare that a game makes you think and rarer still the game that makes you reassess what you thought you knew.
76561198008858175,Recommended,257510,30074209,Posted: 20 February,all,"beans, lots of beans",A computer convinced me that there is no god and life is meaningless.  ∞/0.
76561198008619333,Recommended,257510,29929127,Posted: 14 February,all,[J!NX],"After having 10h of Gameplay, I have to say that this game is kinda awsome!The complexity of the tasks has a great variety (from easy to hard) and these have been implemented very well.I decoded the hex-codes inside the computer and noticed that these are not 100% correctly encoded ;-)F.e. ""ERROR:FILES"" was ""ERRRO:FILES"", but it has nothing to do about the gameplay! I was just interested in these hexadecimal codes.I recommend this game to all people who like brainteasers!"
,Recommended,257510,30090907,Posted: 21 February,all,A Good Nut,"Fantastic game. The philosophy elements are interesting, there is a lot of choices, and there are multiple endings, which you can all access from one save, which is a large bonus. The puzzles are excellent, perfect balance of difficulty and entertainment. The game has lots of sercrets, which I always love. I won't go into more detail as to not spoil the story. BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,257510,30097582,Posted: 22 February,all,Mikey242,"This is easily the best puzzle game I have played since the portal series.The puzzles are difficult enough to keep you thinking and intrigued but not so difficult as to put you off trying. In typical Croteam style, there are tons of easter eggs and secrets that are all cleverly hidden throughout the beautifully crafted world.Highly recommended for puzzle lovers!"
76561198047190211,Recommended,257510,30100783,Posted: 22 February,all,mkh2424,Best epitaph - 'What a waste of time this all was'
,Recommended,257510,29762053,Posted: 7 February,all,Calamity Jones,"Lacking a singular central mechanic around which to base all of its puzzles (i.e. the portal gun), this game instead presents an array of different puzzle systems and combines them to make a game that I feel is dramatically more complex and challenging than either of the Portal games. The Talos Principle is a pensive, cerebral game that you play with your analytical skills more than with your instincts and reactions. It is devoid of humour, sure, but is beautiful and absorbing. If you like Portal, you'll probably like this."
,Recommended,257510,30014269,Posted: 18 February,all,Jack,"Clever puzzles, and the mystery of the world is entertaining."
,Recommended,257510,23875953,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dalek:.,A satisfying puzzle game with a gorgeous soundtrack.
,Recommended,257510,28952873,Posted: 2 January,all,Mimo,Very innovative puzzle FPS/TPS. The stages can be quite challenging near the end and its a lot of fun.
76561198068128511,Recommended,257510,28963670,Posted: 2 January,all,Despecto,"Don't care about the story? Great cuz there's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of awesome puzzles! When I started out playing it the story intrigued me but eventually, like portal I was dashing around worlds looking for clues of who I am. I really like this game's atmosphere and maps. They are quite realistic."
,Recommended,257510,29039126,Posted: 5 January,all,RylenWolf,"I was skeptical of all of the reviews saying that this game is mind blowing and can give you an existential crisis/make you question your humanity.Still, it looked like a halfway decent game, So I picked it up.And the game proved my skepticism wrong. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10 and I'm not even done the game yet."
,Recommended,257510,29013979,Posted: 4 January,all,Yacou,"Pretty like a Portal like with philosophy instead of humor.Didn't finished it yet, but like it!"
76561198006661142,Recommended,257510,29019245,Posted: 4 January,all,Asakir-iOsmani,"A philosophical puzzle game at its best. Since I played The Talos Principle, puzzle games have conquered my heart. But none have managed to pull me into the story like this game. Just awesome! Looking forward to the next installement. PS: The DLC is also pretty amazing."
,Recommended,257510,29020146,Posted: 4 January,all,Weitzman,Sublime
,Recommended,257510,29020180,Posted: 4 January,all,WALHART,Got the game for the puzzles... continued playing for the story.Fell in love with Alex... ='(
,Recommended,257510,23511423,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,raynman68,"I love killing virtual stuff as much as anyone, but I am a sucker for a good puzzle game and The Talos Principle is an excellent puzzle game. I simply love the graphics, the scenery is amazing with the little glitches in the program being a nice touch. The voice acting was very good in my opinion, ELOHIM had very commanding presence as an omnipotent being should have and Alex's time capsules had me totally feeling for her towards the end of the game. The music was appropriate for the zones and quite enjoyable to listen to. The game does a nice job of gradually introducing new devices to solve puzzles and getting more challenging as it progresses. The controls seemed quite good, but I experienced a few issues with positioning objects, specifically connectors showing to be in a good position and then being blocked by a wall when you drop it in the spot, a minor quibble but something I hope would be addressed in the sequel. To sum things up, I would buy this game again without hesitation."
76561198136530755,Recommended,257510,23533715,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Tonoc,"Great game so far, the element of story in this is nice. It gives you a purpose and a choice, that is so far I have had the choice. Plan to play it through at least twice if all things that seems like what is going on is going on."
,Recommended,257510,23534896,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,[UiF] BafTac | GNU Felix,"A brilliant game which I absolutely love! Well designed puzzles which are challenging but definitely doable, based on simple mechanics. A must have for puzzle lovers as well as for technologic enthuisasts. Also, I love the story because it just makes you think what humanity can reach and how everything will end."
,Recommended,257510,21759766,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Isaac,"This is an extraordinary game.  It grabs you and immerses you in a way I haven't experienced in a long time.  I was driven to finish the puzzles just to see where it all lead to.I've never played Portal and I am not a huge puzzle fan so I don't really have anything to compare it to, but in my opinion the puzzles were not too hard.  I think I only checked a walkthrough for 5 of them (out of 95 or so?) but that's just the basic puzzles.  A few levels have puzzles within puzzles that you don't have to solve, and most of those are extremely difficult.Sometimes the base puzzles were even a little too easy.  If you aren't sure what to do, you can basically solve a puzzle just by moving around the things they give you without comprehending why you're doing it, because that's all there is TO do.  But on the whole I would say these were some very well crafted puzzles that kept me interested and challenged without getting frustrated too much.Talos Principle has a great story, but I feel it's been overhyped just a bit.  It doesn't have a twist ending, and that's okay- it's pretty obvious what's going on from the beginning, and your assumptions about where it's all leading will probably be correct.  But I feel like there was a missed opportunity for exploring your relationship with two of the three characters you interact with.  One of them is a scientist, long dead, who left voice recordings for you to listen to, but she mainly rambles about nothing important, just the type of things everyone has thought about mortality.  There was little reason to care about her or what she had to say.You have also been left many fragments of writings, emails, and personal notes, but again, only half of them are even interesting or relevant.  We are introduced to many people through these fragments, but never get a chance to know them on a more personal level, so it's hard to care about them.The most interesting character, to me, was the Milton Library Assistant, the only character you ever actually converse with, who challenges your morals and ideals.  I looked forward to our conversations more than any other aspect of the game, but they just didn't go deep enough.  It was like listening to highschoolers talk about philosophy, only scratching the surface and never exploring an idea in greater detail.  Also: Think very, very carefully before you answer the MLA's questions.  There are consequences for everything you say, so don't be flippant about it.Visually, this game is amazing.  There are three different types of environments, all of them so breathtakingly beautiful that I wish I could just live there forever.  It's not just the rendering, it's the textures and attention to detail... For example, you can be looking at a palisade wall and every log looks slightly different.  I don't think I've ever played a game this impressive graphically.In summation: great game, I highly recommend to anyone who likes puzzles.  Narrative could have been improved, but the game is like 80% puzzles and 20% story, so I can't fault it for being what it is."
76561198042148507,Recommended,257510,23931287,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kajta,An absolute must have!
,Recommended,257510,23931399,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,pallinkarvarusetti,"Great game. Played 4 hours in one sitting. The plot might be entertaining for some as well, as it seems there's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of stuff to read if you wish to go full fanboy."
76561198230036568,Recommended,257510,23957240,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Nightsky,"I'm not far into the game yet but I already love it. The atmosphere, the bits and pieces of information, the philosophical questions thrown at you - I enjoy it very much and don't regret buying it one bit.And I can't wait to climb that tower, haha."
,Recommended,257510,23950238,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,hacksoi,soooo goood xD
76561198017668218,Recommended,257510,23933284,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kolyness,"Damn. Devs (not Croteam), take note: that's how you make a game. Gameplay, plot, graphics, development - everything's top notch."
76561198055676674,Recommended,257510,20194574,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gerwin,"This is a very high quality puzzle game on par with Portal.However, I thought the philosophical part of the game lacked any punch because the authors tried to cover a huge range of topics which cannot be done in a 15 hour game.  I would have rather seen them stick to one or two topics.  Regardless, I highly recommend this game."
76561198161494180,Recommended,257510,32767985,Posted: 25 June,all,HyenaCheeseHeads,"Many different puzzles of increasing difficulty distributed into several different zones. If you get tired of one of the puzzles (and you will eventually), or even one of the zones, the game has an overall arch that allows you to still progress and return to those later with an entirely different view on the world.The scenery and music is very relaxing.Surprisingly often the game rewards the player for going off the beaten path. There is all kinds of extra stuff hidden around the maps for players who want to explore - extra stars, more story elements, easter eggs.The ending(s) leave you a little dissatisfied, wanting more. Luckily there is a DLC pack with even more, even harder puzzles.Technically the game engine feels very mature and also supports Vulkan and Linux. Everything looks absolutely gorgeous in 4K. The Steam controller works reasonably well with some of the custom mappings, but takes a bit of tweaking to get ""just right""."
,Recommended,257510,32840600,Posted: 26 June,all,boslanger,"10/10 would recommend. This game is simply amazing. Ambience and soundtrack are awesome. It's a puzzle based collect the thing move to the next area, but this game will cause existential crises. If you love philosophy like Sartre, Camus, or even Proust you'll love the lore to this game."
76561198015265677,Recommended,257510,32847109,Posted: 27 June,all,florian.rasche,"Great game, cool visuals and challenging puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,32900495,Posted: 27 June,all,pipllou,"fun and simple enigma, make you think about♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198170422255,Recommended,257510,32819037,Posted: 26 June,all,DTC910,"The Talos Principle is a solid puzzle game with beautiful graphics and an excellent story.  Altough the puzzles were fun at first, I was honestly getting tired of them by the end and was mainly in it for the story."
76561198014043550,Recommended,257510,26739556,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Ochin,Pros:Solve puzzles.Contemplate existence.Cons:Have to use brain occasionally.Existential crisis.
,Recommended,257510,32877225,Posted: 27 June,all,BVLoX,A very enjoyable puzzle-adventure with a philosophical sci-fi twist
,Recommended,257510,32883011,Posted: 27 June,all,Gawainus,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198332599387,Recommended,257510,32889815,Posted: 27 June,all,sC4rl3tg|0vE,A must have for the brain and mind!
76561198010673889,Recommended,257510,32891800,Posted: 27 June,all,Snam,Engaging puzzle game with a beautiful aesthetic (even if it is apparently using old Croteam assets). Well written story that doesn't force itself upon the player but is allowed to be gradually discovered. A few puzzles rely on systems that could possibly have been better explained/introduced but the majority by far are rather intuitive.
76561198135501964,Recommended,257510,32883633,Posted: 27 June,all,sPOnGebOb,Very good game. But it finished very quickly.
,Recommended,257510,32810261,Posted: 26 June,all,Eis  B3rgツ,"I bought The talos Principle Gold editon.... now this is my favourite game, I like i as much as i can play it all day long!!! You have to buy this game too!!"
76561198077138741,Recommended,257510,32822893,Posted: 26 June,all,Kitty,The best puzzle game with a giant helping of philosophy set in a beautiful world with a stunning soundtrack.
76561198151075361,Recommended,257510,32823783,Posted: 26 June,all,fujiwar,"A great and challenging Portal-like puzzle game. Beautiful graphics. The base game is quite easy but the DLCs and Steam Workshop content will make you spend hours on the puzzles. Plus, the stars system brings something as even more challenging puzzles. 10/10 will continue to tryhard the reamining puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,32795042,Posted: 25 June,all,NateRFB,Great game.
76561198043630787,Recommended,257510,32838079,Posted: 26 June,all,captainsotelo,Good puzzle game with some interesting philosophical ideas of morals
76561198000885649,Recommended,257510,32893702,Posted: 27 June,all,sn0wreaper,the game is amazing. makes you spend hours thinking outside of the box! love it!
76561198102497536,Recommended,257510,32918694,Posted: 28 June,all,Gothicul,Amazing puzzle game
,Recommended,257510,32486331,Posted: 16 June,all,lieberme,A great game. The puzzles are well designed. The new mechanics are introduced with very simple implementation at first and proceed to get more complicated and thought provoking.I enjoyed reading all the terminals and they really added to the gameplay IMO. They can really make you think. Definitely a unique philosophy.If you are a fan of puzzles and/or A.I. related philosophy then buy this game!
,Recommended,257510,23778755,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kartoffeldonner,Pretty fascinating puzzle game. Certainly worth it if you're into that sort of thing.
76561198144593917,Recommended,257510,23825194,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,mikesanerd,"There are games you'll like because the genre, mechanics, or story hit a sweet spot with you. Then there are games that are just plain good. Talos Principle falls into the second category. On the surface, it's just a puzzle game. It's a good one (with challenging puzzles that require some real thought to solve), but it really perfects the genre by adding in a mysterious story and deep philosophical backdrop that keeps you playing.Pros:+ Deep and thought-provoking philosophical musings+ Good puzzles--challenging, but not unfair+ Nice visuals+ Interesting storyCons:- Puzzles can get a tad repetitive and tedious, though not as much as many other puzzle games- I thought the final sequence when you areclimbing to the top of the towerwas not nearly as good as the rest of the game. The introduction of a time limit for the puzzles (and the consequent need to repeat the same puzzles over and over from the beginning) really annoyed me- Although the game is a really nice snapshot of a lot of the most important ""meaning of life"" thoughts, if you are an older gamer or a well-read person, the game may feel like Philosophy 101 at times. The thoughts here aren't especially original--just deep, well-organized, and cleverly customized to challenge your own personal way of thinking."
,Recommended,257510,23813326,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,PinkPwny,"Fun, challenging puzzles, interesting story. Enjoyed very much."
,Recommended,257510,23817378,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,man6231,JUST BUY IT
,Recommended,257510,23776837,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Murf-Dawg,"Excellent game - some portions are derivative of Portal and similar games in the genre, but the story more than makes up for that minor quibble.  Solid game - well worth the playtime."
,Recommended,257510,23767119,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Wéämø,"If you liked the game portal, you will diffinitley enjoy this game. The game is fairly similar to portal, but has its own mechanics. Overall, this game was absolutely amazing and it was deffinitley worth buying it."
,Recommended,257510,23801164,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,JeiFaeKlubs,"Simplistic but hard-to-solve puzzles and a story that stayed in my mind for months! Loved it, can't wait for the next game!"
,Recommended,257510,23739726,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Super Neelio,"Puzzlosophy? Sure!The Talos Principle is a unique puzzle game, it mixes the game play with a very philosophically strong story and a beautiful atmosphere.At first glance, I was thinking, “Oh, another Portal type game.” While there are some aspects of Talos that remind me of Portal, that initial judgement is not an accurate comparison. The mechanics of the game are very strict. Items interact in a certain way and the same is true for the way you interact with them. There is a lot of fun to be had with just putting stuff together to see what happens.Now here is where this gets ‘meta’, so to speak, The Talos Principle does something very well, it gives the player the illusion of making choices. The irony comes into play because the storyline is about choices and humanity.There are several times where you are asked how you know if you are human. Are you just trained to go through the motions? What makes you different from a machine doing the same?.The game structure is something that stands out, even though you know the layout and the themes of what lies ahead, it still drives you forward to know more. The paths are designed with wide open spaces to make it seem like you can go anywhere, but truth is you need to continue forward through everything systematically to advance. The puzzle environments have a pretty open form as well and while there is probably only one correct solution, you find yourself trying to play with the puzzle pieces just to see what they do and how they interact with the surroundings. BUT, make no mistake! Both the over worlds and puzzles hold secrets; so, check every corner!You will be astounded by the beauty of this game. Each theme looks so detailed and majestic. At times you’ll want to wander off into the settings and just see what parts of the game you can travel to. You run into a lot of games that try to lengthen a game by making you do more monotonous tasks; this game is not one of them. Instead of running around aimlessly, it distracts you with your surroundings of incredible gardens, deserts, and medieval ruins.A lot of The Talos Principle is done right; in my person experience in playing the game, I just wanted to keep going with the puzzles. Midway through the game, I found myself just flying through the puzzles but there is so much thinking with puzzles, questioning human existence, arguing with a snarky computer terminal… What I ended up doing a lot of the time was regrettably skipping some of the massive library of literature than unravels the origin story. If I was to change anything it would be a little less stopping and reading. I did enjoy the conversations in the game though. Those were very amusing. However, I found the final challenges actually to be more rewarding that the ending itself but none the less, I was satisfied upon beating the game.If you love puzzles and thinking outside of the box… you will love playing this game.I loved it! Play it!"
76561197991203964,Recommended,257510,23736182,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Silk Spider,"Fantastic gameplay. Aesthetically beautiful. The game engine is light, the music is awesome and is one the only games I'm bothering to try and get every easter egg and achievement."
,Recommended,257510,23766369,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,RedTedRedemption,"This is, by far, one of the best games I have ever played.  An amazing storyline backed by beautiful graphics and simple mechanics.  The game's nonlinear layout allows for far more difficult puzzles than in a game such as Portal, where each puzzle must be solved to move on.  In The Talos Principle, the player can leave a puzzle at any time to work on another one, before returning to the puzzle later.  Overall, I would give this game a 10 out of 10 for being by far one of the most amazing games I have ever played.  Seriously, play it!"
76561197990731471,Recommended,257510,23831859,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Twister,"Game lets you experience Eden from the ""Adam"" perspective and let you choose between free will and obedience."
,Recommended,257510,23767774,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,jaggedfeli,"This game makes you think outside of the box in order to solve the secret puzzles in all of the areas. The unique blend of different puzzles makes this game original, and you can make a computer program rage quit when talking to you."
76561198034211379,Recommended,257510,23779958,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rain Machine,"This game will make you think, both in the lateral thinking puzzles and the interesting philosophical topics."
,Recommended,257510,23476874,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,the_hot_tuna,"Just ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game. The Talos Principle is like Portal for grown♥♥♥♥♥people. Excellent visuals, gameplay, story, and replay value!"
,Recommended,257510,29082012,Posted: 7 January,all,krahk,"The story is original, the puzzles are fun and the worlds are beautiful. I really enjoyed the interaction with the world and characters.Even the sometimes frustrating or ""how did I not get this?!"" puzzles are satisfying to solve and range from easy to hard. With enough hidden content, easter eggs to keep you going for even longer.And trust me when I say when you find out how to do some hidden puzzles by yourself you feel really satisfied!This game is so well done that I keep coming back for more. After completing the first game in 38 hours I decided to get the Road To Gehenna expansion and this is practically a sequal to the original with it's own story. Well done.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,29071544,Posted: 6 January,all,Pop Culture Reference,I got this game sometime back because of the positive reviews. I just blew through it in two days. It's a really good game. The puzzles are a lot of fun and the plot keeps you wanting to move forward when you get stuck. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys solving puzzles.
,Recommended,257510,29072679,Posted: 6 January,all,Pinkie,"I admit I had my eye on this game for a while, but I was a little unsure as to its playability compared to the full price, so when it was massivelty reduced in the sale I couldnt help but give it a go, and i am VERY glad I did.This is a very smooth, attractive and well polished game. The puzzles are a perfect, some highly frustrating and some which leave you staring at the screen for what feels like hours, only for the blatently obvious answer to be staring you in the face.The story (and I havent completed the game yet, so no spoilers here) is more of a subtle undertone than a main feature, but still it has me eager to see it to the end, and the enviroment is beautifully laid out and almost tranquil.I have no regrets on this purchase at all, and if it happens to come on sale again I would certainly list as a must buy."
76561197999442299,Recommended,257510,28928521,Posted: 1 January,all,Pr0phetX,"Great puzzle game, loads of little easter eggs hidden away in the game.  Some challenging puzzles that I usually would dwell on for a while and come back and try a few new approaches and that usually worked."
,Recommended,257510,28918299,Posted: 1 January,all,B A R T O K,"Cool, smooth, interesting, adjective."
76561198182024227,Recommended,257510,29014739,Posted: 4 January,all,jbrasseye1,"Great game, love it. Check out The Turing Test for more puzzle fun"
,Recommended,257510,19081517,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Baraklava,"Edit protip: If you want to enjoy this game at its best, chat with the computer all you can and really think about what you respond.I can't even start to describe how awesome this game is. For anyone who hasn't played it, it is hard to comprehend the reality of a game so well crafted every corner is literally another piece of the game itself, another hint of the great mystery you're part of.I can although guarantee that if/when you make the game, you will feel a lot smarter, a lot fuller, and ask yourself questions you didn't even know you could ask yourself. This game is magical, in a philosophical and scientific sense. If it's on sale of 66%, it's definitely worth the money. Also beats Portal 2 for miles if anyone would dare compare it with that.-   Baraklavatalos_review.eml              2004/11/23"
76561198051810627,Recommended,257510,28999619,Posted: 3 January,all,Damarus,"I've always been a huge fan of puzzle games, but The Talos Principle truly was among the most enjoyable in a very long time.  The puzzles were well designed, and the philosophical concepts that underpinned the game's premise had my internal dialogue active.  The graphics were beautiful, with plenty of open land to explore (including several fun easter-eggs).  If you're the type of person who likes puzzles, and perhaps are more on the introverted side and enjoy some self-reflection, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,257510,29048094,Posted: 5 January,all,Lyte,This game is proof that a puzzle game can have an indie game price and AAA graphics.
76561198051928709,Recommended,257510,29087540,Posted: 7 January,all,Igor,Challenging logical puzzles with a philosophical storyline to boot. Wonderful narrative through which it all ties in together make this game a modern day classic. Congratulations Croteam!
76561198003197906,Recommended,257510,24252965,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,The Cheeki Breeki Rises,"If you like Portal, if you wanted a game like Portal that's harder, if you like easter eggs, if you like a rich story, if you like philosphy, and sicence, and mathematics, and religion, and a plethera of other things, then get this game. If I had any gripes about it, it would be the recording puzzles,and that spending the extra time to collect the stars for the Transform (Messenger) ending resulted in an outcome I would have expected to be like the Transcend (Tower) ending instead, basically the swapping of those endings, purely on a effort/reward basis.9/10."
76561197983545926,Recommended,257510,23295906,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,FudoAkira,"I haven't quite finished the game yet, but it is a beautiful, solid puzzler that everyone should be able to enjoy. I picked it up for around $10 and have so far found it to be quite the steal. I'm already anticipating picking up the DLC, which I never do. This should indicate how great this title is and why you should go and play it!"
,Recommended,257510,23300754,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Bawston036,"Good game, very similar style to Portal. A puzzle game where you can die if you make a mistake. Entertaining and a game I enjoy jumping in and out of."
,Recommended,257510,23299226,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Hodvidar,"I've finished the game, great experience ! I absolutly loved it. If you like hard puzzle solving games and mysterious stories, go for it !"
76561197995845401,Recommended,257510,23298283,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Cat America,One of the best puzzle games out there.
,Recommended,257510,23285415,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Light,"Great game. Filled with puzzles throughout the entire game, some hard, soe easy, and some hidden. Also has a great story to it as well. And it has it's funny moments."
,Recommended,257510,23289160,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,7h3 74nk,I give this game 30 stars (still trying to collect all of them though).
,Recommended,257510,23256516,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,manminusone,"A challenging puzzle game that nicely balances the game aspect with the back story of who you are, what you're doing, and what your ultimate goal is. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,257510,22370296,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Curlfageen,ez. fvk u enstein. ty
76561198115813976,Recommended,257510,19212262,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,HappyHappy,"Puzzles and philosophy together.If you loved Portal 2, buy this, if you love lazers, buy this.I also bought the DLC of this game, its also lovely."
76561197997013291,Recommended,257510,23506385,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Randy Bobandy,This game is 2 things - good puzzles + interesting nature of consciousness philosophy. Overall 8/10. Music could have been better and more puzzle parameters would have made them more fun/challenging.
,Recommended,257510,20824071,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,alexc24,"There's something in the soundtrack, something in this amazing mirroring of Adam and Eve and the apple of temptation, something in Elohim and Alexandra's voices and stories and these puzzles and stars that make me feel like the stupidest idiot on Earth and that makes me give the Talos Principle a 12 out of 10.I love the graphics, I love all of the game, all of the story, I do ""hate"" some unsolvable puzzles, but overall it's a pretty challenging game. Trust me, it's pretty addictive!!!Don't think, just buy it! Let the game make you feel stupid as it did to me :D"
,Recommended,257510,23250518,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,deathofdevil,"Great puzzles, nice story!"
76561198043222441,Recommended,257510,21609243,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Mute,10/10 It's pretty good
76561198139719093,Recommended,257510,28804088,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,dante_igniz,"Really cool game, im still starting, but its pretty interesting. Perfect for puzzle lovers!"
,Recommended,257510,28922630,Posted: 1 January,all,nastee3,Picked this up after I purchased The Witness (based on viewer suggestion in my stream). Definitely not disappointed. Well put together and challenging. Took a good amount of time to work through the main puzzles as well.
,Recommended,257510,28918912,Posted: 1 January,all,andres.ag4,<333333333333
76561198005160344,Recommended,257510,28979821,Posted: 3 January,all,sheab17,"The Talos Principle is an incredible game. The puzzles, the narrative, the themes, the level design--everything comes together beautifully to create a profoundly meaningful experience. And I suspect that the significance of this game will become even more clear as we continue to make advances in developing artificial intelligence."
,Recommended,257510,28965979,Posted: 2 January,all,Jerry Smith,"If you're a gamer who loves puzzles/pondering the infinite intricacies of humanity, do yourself a favor and get this game without reading anything about it."
,Recommended,257510,28967230,Posted: 2 January,all,Jedivoodoo,A legitimately beautiful experience. The puzzles are great and the narritive is outstanding.
76561198025973941,Recommended,257510,29216047,Posted: 12 January,all,ivansir,"a pleasure to play. soothing environments and sound design with challenging puzzles. every easter egg, star, and new puzzle mechanic/dynamic uncovered is a rewarding experience. many thanks to the devs for my new fave game and releasing osx."
,Recommended,257510,29234820,Posted: 13 January,all,Swidtter,"absolutely breathtaking. I wish I could say I wanted this game to last forever, but that is what makes itso good. You feel the progress and you feel the end closing in, and everything will fall in place. This is an experience."
76561198051484615,Recommended,257510,29262567,Posted: 14 January,all,drspock11,"The puzzles are fun and interesting. And if you look at this game as strictly a puzzle game, you're in for a treat as its got some real mind-benders. However. if you go into this game reading all the comparisons to Portal and expecting to be in the same vein, you'll probably be disappointed.Unlike Portal, there isn't really a fun and interesting story to go along with the gameplay. The story here is mostly background noise, in the form of overly philosophical notes and a voiceover. None of which I found particularly intriguing.Still definitely a worthwhile puzzle game."
,Recommended,257510,29198140,Posted: 11 January,all,Max2030,"It's an amazing puzzle game! If you like solving puzzles, you have to have to try it! The level design and puzzle designs are just superb.The Three Elements of A Great Puzzle Game:Simplicity and elegance:A great puzzle game won't make its puzzles overly complicated just for the sake of raising difficulty.  Instead, it encourages players to think from a different perspective. Majority of the puzzles in this game are like that. Just to be clear, simplicity doesn't imply obviousness. At times you might come across scenarios that might seem impossible but then once you look at the puzzle from a different angle, you will have that aha moment when you figure out the solution. Sometimes two deceptively similar looking puzzles might have vastly different solutions.Keeping it fresh:When a puzzle game is based around one concept, it can get repetitive quite fast. Talos Principle introduces many new elements  throughout the game so that the puzzles feel fresh. Sometimes these element are major, like introducing a new tool that has totally different mechanic than the ones you've used before. And at other times it's just things that uses same tools as before but makes you use it to overcome a different kind of hurdle.Think it and you can do it:A great puzzle game will have challenging puzzles, but the challenge lies in the thinking, not in the doing. Once you figure out the solution, it shouldn't be too hard to implement it. Solving puzzles is all about the brain. And again, the Talos Principle does this right. If you think you've figured out a solution and finding it too hard to implement it, you might want to rethink your approach. There were very few places where I found the implementation a bit too hard after figuring out the solution.The Talos Principle, for the most part, has all the three elements of a great puzzle game. It's not perfect, but it's great and a ton of fun. The main puzzles aren't that difficult. But those who seek tougher challenges can try out all the star puzzles. They are optional but are more challenging.My only major criticism for this game is that there is quite a bit of prosaic, banal philosophy delivered in a heavy handed manner. But the good news is that it's just part of the backstory and you can ignore it if you find them off putting and tiring. Just don't read the messages since most of it is in text format. I read everything just to make fun of it. The puzzles stand on their own, no backstory needed.All in all, The Talos Principle is an awesome puzzle game that is filled with a ton of exciting content that will satisfy both the novice and the hardcore puzzle solver."
76561197971437277,Recommended,257510,29210576,Posted: 12 January,all,Darksmurf,"Cool and challenging puzzle game with nice music, graphics and different possible endings"
76561198168026237,Recommended,257510,29149776,Posted: 9 January,all,BastardstaR,"Cool game, The puzzles are fun, when u start to think wow that was too eazy you get one that is a challange. So many Puzzles haha thanks devs keep it going :)"
76561198068127821,Recommended,257510,29193757,Posted: 11 January,all,н๏є | Handy,Game of the decade.
76561197972325424,Recommended,257510,29329633,Posted: 17 January,all,Creaper,Worth the price all the way. Gameplay is fun and story is really good. Maybe the story is not interesting for hardcore philosophers but as an enthusiast i thought it was fantastic.
,Recommended,257510,31287364,Posted: 21 April,all,wil son,"good puzzle game with unique elements, lets you play at your own pace and digest as much story as you want. I had fun w it."
76561198054756204,Recommended,257510,31284937,Posted: 21 April,all,Echo127,"Briallant game. If it looks like something you might enjoy, you certainly will.Just as good as the Portal games, IMO, but a bit more philosophical than funny. And when I say 'philosphical' I don't mean it's trying to push some overbearing 'deep' message down your throat. Puzzles are difficult but fair and they are quite vaired. I never felt the game get repetetive. Graphics are sharp and the game isn't particularly demanding on your GPU."
,Recommended,257510,31286025,Posted: 21 April,all,shiftedbeef,"This game is amazing. Highly recommended, especially if you liked the Portal series."
,Recommended,257510,31289315,Posted: 21 April,all,sammul,"Awesome game. If you enjoyed Portal and like questioning your own existence, buy it. Great first-person puzzles with an engaging story."
76561198219047823,Recommended,257510,31291893,Posted: 22 April,all,'); DROP TABLE users --,"You really need your brain in a few levels, some are almost impossible. And that is good!"
,Recommended,257510,31330081,Posted: 23 April,all,/FSnC\ Forte ∅,"It's fun, but there's something really... not that fun about it. It's hard to avoid comparing it to Portal, so maybe that's the problem.Also ham-fisted philosophy is kind of dull."
,Recommended,257510,31331896,Posted: 23 April,all,OMGCatTreatz,"It's very much like a monster-less SOMA had a love child with Portal.  The game is a little long, which is quite nice if you like puzzle games, but not so much if you are just wanting to plow through the world backstory which is meted out in painfully slow drips throughout the experience.  The story itself is poignant and you may find yourself emotionally invested in people you know are long dead.As far as the puzzles themselves go, the first third are utter rubbish, but be steadfast:  there are a number of difficult ones with nasty little twists.Highly recommend."
76561198115469408,Recommended,257510,31332393,Posted: 23 April,all,StealthKat,"Fantastic Design, Story, and visuals. Game teaches you what to do without holding your hand from the very start. Puzzles are createvly unique from one another, and prioritize the efficiency of the tools offered, and their placement. The mechanics of the game are its building blocks and every single one is a fun tool especially as the game progresses and starts to use them in combination with each other. Towards the end of the game you have to use every single lesson the game has taught you to make your way through complex puzzles involving almost every mechanic introduced. If I had to pick my favorite part of the game, I would have to choose the fact that even at the very last puzzle, the game teaches you, and forces you to learn."
,Recommended,257510,31372140,Posted: 26 April,all,katastrofeas,"I can't recommend this game more. The puzzles are original, the music is soothing, the philosphical and historical excerpts posing question about existence and humanity build the ideal context for a game of this gerne. The difficulty escalation is smooth, but the hidden stars are most of the times ridiculously hardcore to find (and get). Also, there is a ton of cool easter eggs to find."
76561198112295015,Recommended,257510,20567181,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ttanks22,"Beautifully done game. It completely drew me in, the puzzles are creative, super fun, and challenging. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,257510,31365072,Posted: 25 April,all,AronRos,"10/10 Love it!Just a really smart game that blends philosophy with puzzles and cool game design.Psst, there are multiple endings"
76561197971305233,Recommended,257510,31217489,Posted: 18 April,all,Runie,"This game is as thoughtful and well crafted as Serious Sam is full of guns, silliness, and enemies to shoot.Which is to say, extremely.And both have amazing music.Croteam are now becoming one of my all time favorite developers.  They might just be the master of taking a singular concept (shooting stuff in Serious Sam; solving puzzles here) and polishing it to perfection."
,Recommended,257510,31280551,Posted: 21 April,all,StudMuffin,"This was an enjoyable game. Great visuals and graphics, fun and intriguing puzzles. A bit psychological, which was fun also, and play's it's own role in the game. I noticed there are hidden texts and codes throughout the game. When I first started playing it was exciting to decipher them, but found my self not caring the longer I played. If they helped more in solving hidden puzzles, it would have been more engaging to keep decrypting them.The game appears to have at least two endings, so I'll be playing it some more to find out what they are.If you're looking for a good puzzle game, I would highly recommend this one. Clean game as well, so it's appropriate for all ages."
76561198100772829,Recommended,257510,31274251,Posted: 21 April,all,Doctor_M,"Fascinating, meaningfull storry, unique, fore-boding atmosphere."
,Recommended,257510,31270269,Posted: 21 April,all,Timberwolf,"Do you like hands-on puzzles? Then this might be a game for you.Do you like pondering philosophical questions? Then this might be a game for you.Do you like vague but captivating storytelling, that challenges you to piece together the parts into a coherent story, while allowing you to fill in some of the blanks yourself? Then this might be a game for you.Watch out for bittersweet endings though."
,Recommended,257510,31269144,Posted: 20 April,all,MyLittleEmpath,"Best I've played in a long time. Excellent story, especially if you like a good think. Puzzles are challenging but doable."
76561198118348938,Recommended,257510,31259786,Posted: 20 April,all,clinton,Wow. Great game. Great puzzels. Great idea....Great!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,257510,31400844,Posted: 27 April,all,ArenaTX,"Wow... I have heard about this game, but never had time to pay it. After buying it I just wanted to check it out. Checking out ended my playing it for few weeks until I finish it. Game is not hard, but it will take some time to figure it out.I like the story, setup, graphics, music, game play.... and price is more then fair. My recommendation... :D"
,Not Recommended,257510,22890416,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Porter,"Best crash simulator I've ever played. Crashes when I change graphics, crashes when I play and crashes when I try to exit the game. And it's boring, what a waste!"
76561198088822167,Recommended,257510,31401314,Posted: 27 April,all,ylyon84,"A surprise, a great surprise and one of the best puzzle games in this generation. Also the philosophical aspects are interesting and trigger some good thoughts."
,Recommended,257510,29992820,Posted: 17 February,all,Daerandin,"This game is absolutely amazing. It is a puzzle game, and as a puzzle game it is great. The puzzles are challenging and interesting, and many puzzles require out of the box thinking. However, what really make this game shine is the story and atmosphere. The story is perfectly presented, keeping you intrigued while gradually revealing more and more of the truth. At the same time, the atmosphere makes it so easy to immerse yourself in this mysterious and beautiful world. It is so easy to lose yourself in this world for hours.This game is really something unique, and I can warmly recommend it."
76561198044443837,Recommended,257510,23087766,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Leronira,THE TALOS PRINCIPLELeronira's Rating Scale:Absolutely fantastic experience.Definitely worth playing.Enjoyed it.It was somewhat okay.Avoid like a cancer.
76561198236308228,Recommended,257510,29933428,Posted: 14 February,all,no_banana_4_you,"This was the first game I purchased on Steam after watching a ton of FunWithGuru's easter egg videos. That being said I've beaten it at least four times. If you prefer a niche specific explanation here is a list of categories it falls under:- Puzzle: The main point of this game is to solve a buttload of puzzles. Simple as that.- Adventure/Walking Simulator: The multi-puzzle levels are mostly open to explore and the themes of the worlds create different atmospheres that give the game more mystery and depth.- Philosophical: I've never really categorized a game as philosophical before, but the game is full of challenging, existential questions that you would never expect a game to do. This being said, don't think that the philosophy is thrown in there haphazardly. It's a major part of the storyline and is very well thought out.Finally, the soundtrack. ♥♥♥♥. Damjan Mruvanic is not very well known in North America but he is definitely one of my biggest inspirations being a composer myself. You'll get emotionally attached to the music, hell, you'll get emotionally attached to this entire game; just prepare for that.10/10"
76561198067351330,Recommended,257510,31049318,Posted: 9 April,all,The Senate,"This is an excellent puzzle game. I found it perfectly challenging and more of a ""think outside the box"" experience than is common. There are plenty of hidden clues to hunt for if you are interested in uncovering a rich backstory and the world design gives you a beautiful space in which to think."
76561198048355006,Recommended,257510,31051683,Posted: 9 April,all,frogmanl,"The puzzles are fun, and the atmosphere (music and graphics), and writing is amazing. I would definitely recommend this game,"
76561198061094526,Recommended,257510,30133583,Posted: 23 February,all,Ctree6969,One of my favorite games hands down
,Recommended,257510,29653589,Posted: 2 February,all,hazpotts,"I really enjoy this sort of game, nice simple style of the game with some back story, but it's all about solving puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,29282384,Posted: 15 January,all,BootZero,you lie!
76561198056488766,Recommended,257510,29813818,Posted: 9 February,all,Akita,"Great concept, similar to portal in a way.  Loved getting through the levels.  I like the story line.  Only problem was the tetris shape puzzles.  Those got boring after a while.  That was the only reason I didnt finish the game.  But otherwise well worth the money."
,Recommended,257510,29792339,Posted: 8 February,all,Ointment,Art.
76561197966961118,Recommended,257510,31025808,Posted: 8 April,all,10% of my life:source,Superb puzzle game well presented and plenty of variety in the puzzles with a few really difficult ones thrown in there too. Nothing more satisfying than spending 20-30 mins trying to figure out one of the more difficult puzzles before finally gettting it. Think its the best puzzle type game I've played. Has a bit of an annoying storyline which nothing special but its the puzzles that make it a great game.
76561198034873107,Recommended,257510,29637398,Posted: 1 February,all,saintriver,Just perfect! A must-have for those who likes Puzzle Games
76561198023433457,Recommended,257510,29618598,Posted: 31 January,all,GOD,This is a great game worth replaying several times.  If you like the story its even better.  If not you can just quickly skip past things without reading it and you arent going to miss anything that prevents you from finishing the game.
76561198081832330,Recommended,257510,29613309,Posted: 31 January,all,Austin Powers,"Brilliantly made game, a real good brain workout."
,Recommended,257510,29599890,Posted: 30 January,all,Tweedish,This game is going to make you question your existence. 11/10
,Recommended,257510,29641366,Posted: 1 February,all,bigjosh50,"Excuse my hours but I was playing mostly offline. This is a great game! There are around 120 puzzle levels in this game with multiple endings depending on the route you take toward the end. The puzzles are indeed challenging but not as challenging in general as the game ""The Witness"" (Thank God lol). The environments are beautiful, the music and the atmosphere are very rememberable, this game will be in my memory for a long time. Looking forward in trying out the DLC"
76561198030585430,Recommended,257510,29456059,Posted: 23 January,all,SWAT_Q8TY,"One of the best puzzle mind twisting game.If you like portal, you will like this too"
76561198019845670,Recommended,257510,29455672,Posted: 23 January,all,Askannz,"Simple story, but amazingly told.Simple puzzle mechanics, but used in a very clever way. The solution always seems obvious once you have found it, in the same way Portal puzzles do.The game is chill, relaxing and yet challenging at the same time.There are a lot of easter eggs and extra content (haven't found everything yet).Bonus : Vulkan support and a bazillion graphical options to tweak. Linux support (I've played on Manjaro with an Optimus laptop, no problem)."
,Recommended,257510,29457017,Posted: 23 January,all,عمر,"This might be my favorite game in this genre after Portal II. The level design and puzzles are outstanding, but for me, the atmosphere is what makes it special. It's... hard to describe. Something about the soundtrack, coupled with the fact that you're always alone in this otherwise massive world, moves me in a way that few other games can achieve."
,Recommended,257510,29516522,Posted: 26 January,all,McGriddle,"Extremely beautiful game. The puzzles are fun and challenging, and the story is one of the best I've ever experienced. Can't recommend enough."
,Recommended,257510,15119812,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Syd·B,In some ways is better than Portal 1-2!
76561197970680536,Recommended,257510,31011545,Posted: 7 April,all,Chimp Militia,Absolutely astounding game!
,Recommended,257510,29458581,Posted: 24 January,all,Anorexic Penguin,"My 2nd favorite game of all time, only because the first has sentimental value.Can't stress this enough: this is literally the best game I've ever played. Buy it. Buy it now. This isn't a mere video game; this is pure art."
,Recommended,257510,30017071,Posted: 18 February,all,JukeNukem,This game convinced me that consciousness is just an artificial construct that humans have created to feel special.  Likely so that we don't have to feel bad about eating animals.Also has gud puzls.
,Recommended,257510,22064499,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,clutterArranger,"EDIT AFTER A YEAR: After my ideas about religion changed, playing this game again gave me some different feelings. If you are thinking about deep existental questions you MUST play this thing.Just awesome. Here is a list of things you will find in the game.Lots of mind based puzzles. On each one you find a sigil(Tetromino/Tetris brick). And with that sigils unlock new worlds/puzzle elements. (No jump map/reaction time based stuff on puzzles. There is a tiny bit for some secrets but not something hard. I mean game shows you places you can jump. You don't even have to aim yourself.)Many many secrets. Espically if you are a puzzle game player you will find so many cool referances to your other favourite games.Story. Story is very good. I can't tell anything about it without spoiling.Reading. There is a great amount of ""optional"" reading material in the game. I couldn't find each one of them right now but hell I want to. Topics of the texts varies but some of the topics are: Games storyline(E-mails, blog posts), Ethics, Science, History, Hisorical legends, The Toothos Principle...Solid playtime. I spent 25-30 hours on my first playtrough and read all of texts I could find.An entity that will chat with you about some of the biggest philosopical questions. I really enjoyed this part of the game. Also if you don't care about this stuff it's completely optional in the game. But I felt like I made a friend so I recommend you to give it a shot.Great landscapes and levels designed as areas instead of puzzle rooms. There are historical stuff scattered around test rooms and some the tests are castles. Like real designed castles. You can just walk around and relax at some the worlds.Different endings. I did one right now but will go for others.These are the things coming to my mind right now. And it's already a long review for me so.If you enjoy puzzle games or solid stories. BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT!(My english is not that good I hope it's understandable.)"
76561198036181849,Recommended,257510,28275237,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ElCabrito,"As of the time of writing this review, the price was 300MXN~15USD.""Talos"" is a puzzle game where you collect Tetris figures in order to open next levels. Each figure requires you to solve a puzzle. And each puzzle may use different tools (that are progressively available). I have found so far that there is rarely more than one possible solution. And it's also worth noting that there are undeniable similarities to Portal 2; however the scenarios and music are completely different, and the approach is definitely less ""funny-adventuresque"" and more ""philosophical-post human"". Now Pros and Cons:Pros-Very good balance between challenge and reward (I have not been frustrated so far, but many puzzles have been far from easy to solve). Moreover, it is possible to request hints to solve the puzzle; which I guess would get rid of frustration. Some of the puzzles are clearly easier than others; so you won't need to use the hints all the time either.-Beautiful scenarios. So far, There are greek-like scenarios, egyptian-like scenarios, medieval-like scenarios, and syberia-like scenarios (just snow everywhere and a few mountains in the horizon (you cannot walk to far away from the puzzles area).-Slightly interesting ""plot"" around existencial questions.Cons- The only con, but a huge one, that I have found so far, is that the graphic engine is terrible for handling quick side rotations. You will briefly see some artifacts (that are not part of the game, which sometimes introduces nice artifacts for a purpose) before the actual frame appears. And this has nothing to do with the graphics settings!!!! I have used every possibilities, which are a lot by the way, and I always keep having the same problem. It may be my computer but I severely doubt it: it is the only game I've had this issues with, and my rig is a Sandy Bridge 2700 running at more than 3.4Ghz with 16 GB Ram and two GTX780Ti running in SLI (which is close to the performance of one GTX970).Final Opinion:I recently finished the game and I'm very happy with my purchase. But at the current price, I'd be unsure. It'll depend on how much you like puzzle-games and if there are others that you think are better than this one out there."
76561198025321433,Recommended,257510,31094920,Posted: 12 April,all,American Currency,"The Talos Principle is, at it's essence, a very good first person puzzler. It starts out easy with very few mechanics and gets gradually harder over time, but never too hard. Throughout the game you also follow a very philosophical story that is neatly integrated into the game and never overbearing, but present enough that you have it in the back of your mind while playing.The game also contains lots of hidden content, easter eggs, optional (very hard) puzzles and tons of stuff to do for you completionists out there. The game itself is great and certainly a good addition to every puzzle fans collection!Pros:-Challenging puzzles of varying difficulty-Servicable graphics that range from ""okay"" to ""beautiful"", good aesthetics too-Different puzzle areas all have a theme to them, from Greece to Egypt-Many different puzzle elements that are self explanatory but have some depth to them-Good game length for a puzzler (20-30 hours for completionists)-Good story-Very beautiful soundtrack-Good voice acting-Multiple EndingsMehs:-Some of the games puzzles require a lot of thinking outside the box, which can get somewhat frustrating-At some point the game gets repetitive - the story keeps you going, but by the 20 hour mark you look forward to the endCons:-The DLC isn't all that good - it is essentially more of the same with some new voice lines, but I was expecting a bit more (not necessarily a con if you really enjoyed the base game)-The DLC also has some REALLY hard puzzles that I couldn't figure out if my life depended on it and require way too much ""Outside the box"" thinking to be really enjoyableAs you see, the cons are only DLC-related - and yet, the DLC is still fun if you liked the base game, at least for a while. Definitely recommended!Personal Score:The Talos Principle: 8/10Road to Gehenna DLC: 6/10"
,Recommended,257510,31098849,Posted: 12 April,all,humpledinck,"I'll realise I have not played in a while and a warm happy feeling comes over me, like picking up a favourite book. One of the best games I've ever played. Some puzzles are easy, some are infuriating! :D. Buy it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,257510,31094785,Posted: 12 April,all,PraetorianSEAL,"When I first started playing this game, the motion sickness issue got to me within half an hour of playtime. A couple of months later, when I gathered the courage to give the game another try, I was pleasantly surprised to find that the devs had made some updates to resolve the motion sickness issue. Kudos to the devs for making the effort.The game has some interesting puzzles, some of which I found particularly challenging. The underlying theme and storyline is engaging. Overall, I had a good time playing this game."
76561197992852801,Recommended,257510,31295429,Posted: 22 April,all,SKiller,"very good game.the puzzles are challenging and the story (the characters you interact with) are well made and gives you an intresting background to the things you do. It did became a bit tedious toward the end, but the ending is well worth this last part.needless to say that those who dont like the puzzle genre wouldnt enjoy this much, but again, I never played a puzzles game before and it gave me a good introduction to this genre."
,Recommended,257510,31308019,Posted: 22 April,all,Tarryk,"This game can only be described as nothing short of art and i find it increasingly difficult to say that amongst the plethora of games being released these days, but this was a hidden gem. This game needs to be experienced.It is intelligent, thought provoking and quite moving.Yes it is essentially a puzzle game along the same lines as portal, use your limited toolset within various restricted areas to achieve your goal, collect the sigil piece.  Collect a whole set and you move to a new zone. You have the added bonus of collecting non-essential gold stars which unlock other areas if you are a completionist.Besides the glorious scenics, you will be barraged with contradicting perspectives and philosophical questions that will keep you guessing and wanting more.The only question you will be sure of the answer to is: one more puzzle?"
,Recommended,257510,31291272,Posted: 22 April,all,Sordonius,"One of the most thought provoking games I've ever had the pleasure to experience. I'm not finished, only 3.5 hours in, but so far it is nothing short of phenomenal. I had seen this game and waited for it to go on sale for 2 or 3 years and recently acquired it due to an email notification about my extremely small wishlist. I'm looking forward to seeing how intricate the puzzles and terminal interfacing will get. Will update review upon completion of game. Personal vote would be a 9.7/10 because perfection isn't possible but if it were I would round up to 10 with no regrets."
,Recommended,257510,29705749,Posted: 4 February,all,Dolphins main pyro,"I've done quite a dumb, meme-ish review of this game but now that I've completed it I feel like I have to give the game the actual credit it deserves.This game is easily one of my favorite games of all time. From the interesting, complex puzzles to the complex Lore and the philosophical ideas outlined, the biblic / mythological references, the STUNNING visuals, this game is an absolute must have. You're a silent protagonist, and many different thoughts will go through your mind all along the playthrough. Am I really going to follow the commands of that God-like voice in the sky? Am I going to go up the tower and face its wrath? What awaits me if I after I reach Eternity? Who is he exactly? Why am I here? Who am I....? In the end it is only up to you to choose your path... and your fate, as you learn through chunks of informations scattered in the various areas via terminals, what seems to have happened to the world as we know it..... But still, Elohim does sound like Zenyatta.Solid 10/10. Get it. NOW."
76561197994425308,Recommended,257510,31251713,Posted: 20 April,all,sundri,what little social life I had is now gone.If you enjoy puzzles and an mystery of life and perspective this game is for youAmazing game.
76561198025018565,Recommended,257510,31250388,Posted: 19 April,all,"Sterling ""Duchess"" Archer","Read a post on Reddit about satisfying game endings and this game popped up a few times in the thread. Went to the store page and watched the demo videos and wasn't initially impressed. Then a couple of weeks later it went on sale for 10$, so figured what the hell and picked it up.So glad I did.Engaging story and puzzles kept my curiosity fueled and I finished the game after playing it pretty consistanly for a week. Don't normally write a lot of reviews, but went out of my way for this game. If you enjoy puzzle/philosophy games pick this up, you won't regret it."
76561198355251119,Recommended,257510,31245122,Posted: 19 April,all,gho117,"This game is similar to Portal, SOMA or Stanley Parable. Excellent atmosphere, challenging puzzles.Very much recommended if you enjoy an epic enigma, sprinkled with the philosophy of consciousness."
,Recommended,257510,31324253,Posted: 23 April,all,Suncake,"I really liked this game. Beautiful locations, relaxing soundtrack, interesting puzzles, deep thoughts and multiple endings, The Talos Principle provides an exciting experience. The DLC, Road to Gehenna, isn't less awesome than the game itself. However, I admit that getting stars is pretty hard, so I had to use a giude."
76561198125756489,Recommended,257510,31312040,Posted: 22 April,all,Radiance,"I love it! This is an excellent game with puzzles that really push you without being unreasonably difficult. The story keeps you going, though there is a LOT of text to read that gets annoying after awhile. It's a long game, so you'll get your money's worth in play time. Plus it's pretty ^-^"
76561197988374218,Recommended,257510,32222006,Posted: 6 June,all,PopeUrban,"While The Talos Principle trades in fairly mundane puzzle mechanics, they're certainly enjoyable. However, the real star of the show is how the game weaves its narrative seamlessly and cleverly around those puzzles. That narrative is what's going to drive you to the end. Told almost entirely in text, with the exception of two characters, it maintains a conversational tone with the player, without any of the various data files, chat logs, and text conversations feeling like filler.Touching on subjects like what it means to be human, the questions of subjective versus objective realities, and the importance and meaning of the concept of civilization, it is difficult to be too specific without spoiling its charm.Despite somewhat hokey visual and audio presentation, the voice acted characters are well done and belivable, and altogether The Talos Principle is a thought provoking experience, steeped in carefully crafted metaphors that are sure to stay with you after you're finished.It's not often you come across a game with such narrative depth that isn't boring or preachy. If you like puzzles and philosophy, you're going to like this game."
,Recommended,257510,32217525,Posted: 6 June,all,chandrila,"This is a good game, possibly a great one, with a few flaws that hold it back a little bit.The puzzle design is generally very good and strikes the right balance between challenge and frustration.  I had to resort to online guides in a few cases though, usually when certain mechanics weren't made clear.  For reference, the following game mechanics might not be readily apparent:* You can place boxes on top of the mobile spheres* You can reach down to pick up objects from a lower level* Jammers can be used on fansThe sigil puzzles (Tetris-like puzzles that require you to rotate and place different shapes to unlock doors) can be frustrating at times; especially the larger ones, as these often require brute-force trial-and-error to solve.The story is interesting and it does enough to set itself apart from Portal (its most obvious direct influence).  The visual design is eclectic and interesting too.  The music is fine; it's not bad, but nor is it great - since it has to provide ambience without distracting the player when deep in thought, it can't make its presence too obvious.I've definitely enjoyed playing it, aside from a few frustrations, so I'd recommend it, if you like puzzle games and some philosophy."
,Recommended,257510,32216220,Posted: 6 June,all,Raventhon,"Outstanding game - Great story, great gameplay, fantastic everything. 10/10."
76561197960335035,Recommended,257510,32246615,Posted: 7 June,all,уьзен,one of the best games i ever played10/10
,Recommended,257510,32258364,Posted: 7 June,all,Run(2)slo,"A puzzle game with a side of existential crisis. This game has excellent puzzle design, and fairly good progression as well. I've completed all three of the major endings, and I am pleased to say that they are actually different. Props to the developers for creating a game that actually has different endings. The world building is performed through voice recordings , the master of the Process, and the fragments of articles, and emails. Overall, a great completionist game. It takes some time to get the final ending (to do it you have to solve all the puzzles, and find all the stars) but it gives a completely different ending which is awesome. The regular puzzles progress well, but the stars are sometimes insanely hard. Be prepared to really hunt around, and get familiar with the physics of the world.The lore of the story is an unusual smashup of Apocrypha stuff (presented in a Judeo-Christian style, but super messed up), and mixtures of egyptian, greek, and eastern religions (primarily Buddism). The plot is somewhat forced, but there is enough there to keep the player thinking, and make it interesting.Overall, this game is pretty short if you do the bare minimum, but if you completionist it, there is plenty of gameplay. Personally, I would rank this up there with the more challenging puzzle games I've played."
,Recommended,257510,32247914,Posted: 7 June,all,Boulevard Drive,Reach unto the back of your mind and find the turth behide the words. Or obey the words and be granted eternal life.
76561198026210546,Recommended,257510,32231071,Posted: 6 June,all,phlaurin,Great story.Great soundtrack.That game will taunt your brain for hours and test your patience.
,Recommended,257510,32267088,Posted: 8 June,all,alfa,"At first I thought that this is going to fall way behind Portal & Portal 2 puzzles, but once I advanced into the game I changed my opinion.The Talos Principle is a fantastic game with lots of puzzles and some of them quite challenging. I also LOVE the story behind it, at first it seems that all the documents are pulled randomly and dont make any sense, but as you advance into the game you see that everything has a meaning.If you loved Portal games you are definetly going to enjoy Talos! Hands down one of the best puzzles games that I have played."
76561198065104803,Recommended,257510,32159931,Posted: 3 June,all,WickedRichy,"Like puzzle games? Buy it. Like mysteries? Buy it.I really liked this game alot. I bought it for a bargain on sale and was completely surprised how good this game is. The game has alot of puzzles which the majority are pretty hard. The first few basic puzzles are faceroll but the rest really need your brainpower to solve.The big + about this game is that it has a mystery to it which makes you want to solve the puzzles. Its not just solving puzzles. You want to learn whats behind the big sceme of things.Is the full prize of €40,- worth it? I think it is. This game gives great satisfaction. Buy it on sale and you will even get a greater satisfaction because you bought an amazing game for a few bucks."
,Recommended,257510,32183860,Posted: 4 June,all,bandaNDIT,"I wasn't sure about this game when I first started playing. The challenges were difficult to understand yet seemed very rudimentary. After figuring out a few frustrating puzzles I started to understand how the game was meant to be played and have thoroughly enjoyed it since! There's a good balance of easy and hard puzzles so you're not completely frustrated on each one. I have to admit that I bookmarked a wiki to reference the solutions of a few of the puzzles, particularly on some of the star sigils, but for the most part have gained the satisfaction of solving most of them on my own. One thing that I'm just realzing now is that there are a lot of Easter Eggs hidden in each realm... which adds a completely different aspect to the game and is a lot of fun to discover, even when using the wiki to find them. The graphics are cool and the narrative is very interesting. I highly recommend this if you're a fan of first person puzzles. I think I'm enjoying myself with this game more than I did when I played Portal."
,Recommended,257510,32223663,Posted: 6 June,all,Broder Tuck,Fantastic game
,Recommended,257510,32224152,Posted: 6 June,all,Tiny Tuxel,"You need to think out of the box the solve puzzles. This is best for entertainment, philosophy abut human thinking, and much more great music. This is masterpiece game with a greate concept. I love this game so much"
76561198052324582,Recommended,257510,32280458,Posted: 8 June,all,ashalinda.tiara,"After playing Portal 1 & 2 I found this beautifull puzzle game. Many places to explore, easter eggs to discover, lovely scenery, and some choices matter elements. I enjoyed this game very much, and will probably play it again in order to get all the achievements. If you liked Portal I definately recommend this gameSpoiler: There's a Portal easter egg in there somewhere...."
76561198253369984,Recommended,257510,21711547,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Linust6,"This game is not just a simple puzzle game.It's a philosophical experience. People who are not into this probably should move on.- Beautiful Graphics, looks much like Serious Sam BFE- Challenging Puzzles that test your brain but always have the Ahh-Effect- Very good story that got me really interested and wanting to know more- Replayabilty, because of different story paths and puzzles are still challenging the second timeA great experience for everybody who enjoys puzzle games and likes questioning the nature of his own being and existence. 10/10"
76561198035810852,Recommended,257510,32286646,Posted: 9 June,all,Burguul,"A marvelous game, beautiful and alluring. The puzzles vary from easy to mind-boggling, and the story behind it, a parody of the famous ""Paradise and Obedience"" cliche, delivers as intended in the end! The concepts of ""god"" and ""devil"" are seen here as archetypes and in the end you have to decide what a ""to be Human"" truly is."
76561198061844476,Recommended,257510,32391478,Posted: 13 June,all,SAGI,"A hardcore puzzle game with deep and enriching philosophical context regarding the very popular and controversial issue about artificial intelligence. It's hard, and inspiring."
,Recommended,257510,31287730,Posted: 21 April,all,"Rod ""bit Odd"" Surly","The Talos Principle is a puzzle game that looks like Myst and Borderlands 2 had a baby. Intelligent puzzles that sometimes require precision timing, thinking 4 dimensionally, and can result in death. :)The visuals can, with the right video card, can be absurdly beautiful. The story is pretty deep and the worlds diverse.In short, I am loving this game. :D"
76561197978184171,Recommended,257510,32388180,Posted: 13 June,all,incubus42,Portal with less humor and more philosophy - highly recommendable - 9/10
76561198021841702,Recommended,257510,32418534,Posted: 14 June,all,andge_foxbot,Pretty and polished first person puzzler; easy to loose time playing!
,Recommended,257510,32437059,Posted: 15 June,all,Arcas,"The Talos Principle is a masterpiece. It is a deep game that will make you think meaning of life, artificial intelligence and Sokrates principles as such. Core part of game is solving the puzzles. I haven't seen a game that makes you do a lot of thinking and self-reflection as much as The Talos Principle has."
,Recommended,257510,32575779,Posted: 19 June,all,Diamondog36,"This is much more than just a puzzle game. The story is very interesting and mysterious, giving you the motive to keep going, until you eventually uncover it yourself, piece by piece. While you are doing that, the game will also test your ethics to the limit through philosophical discussion! I'm happy that I played this game and it's definitely worth your time and money if you like puzzle games and mystery!"
76561198268634921,Recommended,257510,21616452,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Jake the Hawkeye,"This is a very intelligent, thought-provoking, mentally-stimulating game.If you're the type who explores the entire map, takes time to think about things, and puts pieces together, you'll love this. If you just like breezing through a game while you shoot stuff up, this isn't for you. If you're not very intelligence, this isn't for you.Be prepared to invest some time thinking about things and solving puzzles, but the experience is great, and it will really make you think. If you can't solve a puzzle, take a step back, look at the tools you have to solve it, and you'll figure it out eventually. Or you'll go on YouTube and figure out what to do. While other games are fast food restaurants serving ok food, this is a fancy restaurant where you have to wait a bit for one of the best meals you'll every have."
76561198145970488,Recommended,257510,32545329,Posted: 18 June,all,OmarSec86,"Awesome Game!!Highly Recommend!I really liked Myst back in the day, and this is similar, but not the same.  Great puzzles that you can spend as long as you need to solve -- no time limits and unlimited lives.  Great worlds to explore and interesting story line.  I'm slowly working my way through the game and am thoroughly enjoying the ambiance, sound-track, and amazing visual worlds.The difficulty seems to be increasing (I think I'm about 3/4 through the game), but it's not to the point of being impossible and so difficult that the fun is gone.  One very difficult part will be followed by a fairly simple part.  There really are not levels per se, but achievements and items to  find.  You can purposely enter the worlds to seek things or just wander around.  Lot’s of freedom and choices.Overall: fun, challenging, great puzzles, amazing worlds and ambiance."
,Recommended,257510,32544651,Posted: 18 June,all,GotCopper,"This game was great.  If you are looking for a good puzzle game, this is for you.  If you want a game that will make you think, this is it.11/10 would recommend this game to anyone."
76561198097993412,Recommended,257510,32541584,Posted: 18 June,all,EvilMorty,Good game but don't expect anything as good as Portal 2 though. The puzzles are well designed and the difficulty is well balanced.
,Recommended,257510,32546752,Posted: 18 June,all,MisFiTzer,Gives you trust issues and makes you question your own existence. 5/5
,Recommended,257510,32545052,Posted: 18 June,all,ㄅķҾŁ€Ţ◎Ɲ,"Puzzles? Check, Length? Check, Deep Plot? Check, Reasonable Price for how good it is? CHECK. This game is just ♥♥♥♥ing one two and three if you get what I mean. Graphics are amazing enough to not crash your computer, story is complex in a way that it still surprises you even though you know what will happen."
76561198047364402,Recommended,257510,32533279,Posted: 18 June,all,Madix,"A decent game but I think a tad overrated. I personally couldn't finish it because it felt unrewarding and repetitive once I got to the later levels.Puzzles: Some things were challenging at first but once you get past the ""oh, that's how that works"" phase with each new tool/puzzle it kind of becomes less of a puzzle game and more of a chore. It legit felt like 90% of the game was about setting up lasers to open barriers (usually with some other puzzle elements mixed in). The puzzles remind me of math in some ways, namely that you can get a sense of satisfaction/accomplishment when you understand how to solve an equation for the first few times. The problem is that once you get the hang of how everything works, solving similar equations/puzzle just feels like you're essentially doing the same thing over and over and not learning anything new (plugging in and replacing different values, etc). -I know most puzzle games are like this to an extent but some (like Portal 2) keep it more interesting with a more interactive narrative.Story: It seems like a deep story but it's also not very immersive or interactive. There's actually very few visual interactions, it's more about bread crumbs of text and audio.I'm not saying the format is terrible, it's just that it's supposed to be some big mystery yet they drop so many hints that it gets less exciting as you go (don't want to add any spoilers). -I watched the ending on youtube once I decided to  stop playing and it was pretty much what I expected.- This review may sound negative but I'm taking into consideration that I get bored of most games fairly quickly. I still recommend the game based on the 8 hours I did play (especially if you like games like Portal/2)."
76561198045320985,Recommended,257510,32516081,Posted: 17 June,all,publicClassMary,A nice Portal-esque puzzle game. It has an interesting story and the scenery is gorgeous.
76561198037745109,Recommended,257510,32483850,Posted: 16 June,all,karl_zero,"A fantastic puzzle game! Great story, great music, beautiful visuals, really cool puzzles with just the right learning curve. I loved the experience of playing this game."
,Recommended,257510,32580476,Posted: 19 June,all,20.49390153,simply inspiring...
,Recommended,257510,32775809,Posted: 25 June,all,Stanley,"One of the most immersive games,a great rich story and man the dialogue with the computer is unbelievably interestring.I don't think there's ever been a game I played to jump from ""let's see what this is"" to one of my favorite games of all time in the first minutes of playthrough.Now honestly I think this game only deserves praise,it's a true piece of art and I love that we can enjoy more deep,philosophical and mature games without having a linear narration.I can't describe how much I love this and how much I enjoyed playing it and listening to the soundtracks.I got so caught up in the computer dialogue and the various stories in texts that I forgot about the puzzles,which are really accesible for everyone and decent in difficulty.Easily game of the year if you ask me but don't take my word for it go ahead and give it a play I am positive that even people that are not into gaming will fall in love with this one."
,Recommended,257510,32683341,Posted: 23 June,all,Xp Fract,"One of my favorite puzzle games and I also enjoy the multiple playthrough options. I, like a good boy, did what Elohim said for my first playthrough and will rebell soon after."
,Recommended,257510,32694303,Posted: 23 June,all,zox#,awesome!
76561198041704319,Recommended,257510,32692438,Posted: 23 June,all,Variable Veracity,Engaging and fun puzzle game with an interesting storyline. Think Myst meets Portal. Good potential for replay also. Creators included some cool easter eggs.
76561198104918853,Recommended,257510,32697459,Posted: 23 June,all,b.mayr.1984,"Even though the puzzles get boring after a while, I can recommend this game, because the story will motivate you to keep going.If you don't like reading a lot of text, I guess this game is not for you."
,Recommended,257510,32699947,Posted: 23 June,all,^0[MP]ihaveabeard,awesome game
,Recommended,257510,32696132,Posted: 23 June,all,Turbine2k5,"The Talos Principle is one of the greatest puzzle games of all time, in my opinion. Great design paired with an engrossing story, immaculate visuals, and a deep subject makes for a ride of a lifetime."
,Recommended,257510,32747017,Posted: 24 June,all,poma,super good
76561198295340808,Recommended,257510,32734793,Posted: 24 June,all,mdkennis,Portal but with a deeper religious integration. Return to the Tower.
,Recommended,257510,32749222,Posted: 24 June,all,Rhynor,"I adore this game. As a diehard fan of the MYST series, it's exciting to see a new addition to the puzzle genre that is still actively being developed. The visuals and audio tracks are gorgeous, the UI is functional without being obtrusive, and the puzzles are engaging and immersive. The storyline is woven into the puzzle unlocks in a way that is engaging, and avoids the feeling of ""too much information"" that I have experienced with this genre in the past, and that keeps me interested and motivated to keep going to find out more of the backstory."
,Recommended,257510,26756686,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,_-=Groove=-_,Top-notch.
,Recommended,257510,32910236,Posted: 27 June,all,thevilneo,The Witness made me think I was uneducated.The Talos Principle made me feel better.
76561197972744074,Recommended,257510,31214383,Posted: 18 April,all,Duncan Idaho,My favourite puzzle game so far. Absolutely wonderful and rich story. Very interesting philosophical views and problems. I wish there were more games like that.The puzzles are interesting and can be quite difficult. But never really unfair. I like the idea that your Steam friends can leave some pre-defined messages for you :)
,Recommended,257510,32924659,Posted: 28 June,all,Deborah,"The Talos Principle is a magnificently beautiful, challanging, insightful, thoughtful and fun game. I 100% completed it twice, which I believe says a lot given that it is a puzzle game.I really really reccomend anyone and everyone give this a go, the ideas and philosophies it presesnts can challange anyone and everyone's beliefs, not because it just shoots everything down, but because it asks questions in a really far out and intersting way.Thoroughly enjoyable."
,Recommended,257510,21730696,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,アール115,"This is just as good as Portal 2! Recommended for those who like good graphics mixed with puzzles in first person view. It's a Great game!And I must not forget to mention the music, the music alone is art itself."
76561198219684549,Recommended,257510,33058465,Posted: 30 June,all,King_ Solaris,This is one of the best looking games i have seen in a long time. it has a silent complexity that will absorb hours of your day in a quiet blissful atmosphere.
,Recommended,257510,33011708,Posted: 29 June,all,isaacbee,"A unique and super well-designed first-person puzzle game with a fascinating philosophical sci-fi story about artificial intelligence, religion, and the nature of consciousness. Some ridiculously hard puzzles and well-hidden secrets, I have no shame in admitting I needed a walkthrough for most of them, but it was worth it just to see all of the mind-blowing ways this game pushes its mechanics to their limits, and the great story bits gated behind those secrets."
,Recommended,257510,33020184,Posted: 29 June,all,.Fastdraw,"Great gameplay and narrative, a must buy if you like puzzle games and a great history."
76561198058213698,Recommended,257510,28180772,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,jdun,"This game opened my mind to many philophical ideas, and made me ask many questions. For instance, why is there a cat on the title card but not in the game?"
76561198057858190,Recommended,257510,33100235,Posted: 1 July,all,Lightneh,It is a good game that you can play casually
,Recommended,257510,33094768,Posted: 1 July,all,randomcow,three endings triples the fun
,Recommended,257510,32194338,Posted: 5 June,all,Masterfoods Tomato Sauce Bottles,"PositivesInterested philosophy regarding humanity and AIs, which could lead some to re-debating realityDecent graphicsFun yet challenging puzzlesNegativesLimited soundtrack became a bit repeatativeAnimations could've been improvedThere's no kitten (false advertising?)9/10 - Personally thought it was better than Portal, just less intense and more challenging."
,Recommended,257510,33057352,Posted: 30 June,all,crimson.cat,Very philisophical.
,Recommended,257510,33081049,Posted: 1 July,all,[Archangel] Re'Albrastos,"This is my first 3D puzzle PC game on Steam, and 2nd PC puzzle game after the old legend Chip's Challenge.Pro:- Nice deep story-the matrix alike but on android good side. Kinda twist my psychology about the reality of this world lol.- Unique puzzle solving, especially the jumping/floating parts and cross area.- Lots of maps, and special maps can only be opened by solving a tetris-like puzzle.- You should try the 3 different endings on main and expansion.Cons:- I got some motion sickness and maybe a minor epilepsy effect (due to flash red/blue hologram disappearance, memory flashback and teleportation white effect). This is the only game I've been playing and had some side effects. Can't stand too long playing this, around 1-2 hours at max a day. So, be aware if you have a low tolerance of this 2 cause.- Too short cut-scene and ending movie. Still can't get the story behind the facility. Might be a great idea to make a movie/serialization based on this.I'd recommend this to those who like/want to try challenging puzzle game."
76561198095281585,Recommended,257510,32959373,Posted: 28 June,all,Joobshooboob,"The puzzles in this game, while very well designed, were unable to hold my interest throughout the game. Some of the puzzles tend to become tedious to complete towards the end and the disconnect between the story and the puzzles makes the puzzles seem even less interesting in comparison. I even found myself shamelessly looking up solutions to the puzzles online because compared to the story, they were almost a chore to get through.I would argue however that despite these flaws this is still one of the best games I've ever played based on story alone. The thrill of figuring out the story and guessing the ending before you get there is greater than any rush from completing a puzzle not just in this game, but any. The story made me think more about religion, philosophy, and how I view life in general than all games I've ever played combined. As just a puzzle game, this game is still a solid 7/10 but with a superb story such as this that made me rethink my entire outlook on life, it's one of the best games I've played in my entire life.I would recommend this game to anyone, puzzle game lovers or not because this story is a cannot miss."
,Recommended,257510,32963525,Posted: 28 June,all,eriro,"This is my favorite game of all time - and I've played, and loved, a lot of the greats. The world and music were gorgeous, it ran well on my admittedly low-end machine, and the puzzles were SO rewarding, as was the plot. I especially loved the hidden puzzles and how they broke through some of the limits you automatically imagine when interacting with a game world. As an incredible bonus, the DLC maintains the same high quality and is quite a game in it's own right. I can't wait until I've forgotten enough of it to go back and re-solve it. I actually pine for this game, and desperately hope there will be more. I haven't ever played anything that rewards idle curiosity and exploration as well as this game does."
,Recommended,257510,31777954,Posted: 15 May,all,raykusray,"This game was amazing - I thought it was going to be a Portal clone, but while similar, the way the plot creeps up on you, as well as the way the mechanics advance as you progress, makes it a unique and extraordinarily enjoyable game to play, with a genuine sense of acheivement when you clear a level. For those of you who enjoy puzzling through the backstory, I also recommend the DLC, Road to Gehenna. Harder puzzles and even more lore.10/10, and i need another computer for my sister to play this on."
76561198042456953,Recommended,257510,31782516,Posted: 16 May,all,Intergalactic,"Really good puzzle game.  The puzzles start out extremely simple, but become much more difficult as the game goes on.  There are also optional ""star"" levels that are extremely challenging.  The story started as background nonsense, but became more and more engrossing as the game went on culminating in a beautifully crafted finale.  This game is pretty philosophical in its message and the ending is extremely worthwhile and ties together all loose ends.  Overall, an excellent game."
76561198097660975,Recommended,257510,31720873,Posted: 13 May,all,HanzGretel,"-Good voice acting-Plays smooth (basically plays like Serious Sam 3 visual and movement wise.).-Lots of configuration options in the options menu.-Difficulty progression is good.-Music is good.Good puzzle game, I wouldn't recommend binge playing it though.Around 10 euro/dollar is a good price for me."
76561198029613674,Recommended,257510,31714772,Posted: 12 May,all,lomutt,"Wow, what a great puzzle game. I'm more into action and exciting games, so wasn't sure if I was going to like this but it was really cool. Really interesting approaches and I really like the mechanisms that were used. Some puzzles were really hard, of course I had to use walkthroughs. They were just as fun. I totally encourage people to play this game."
76561197979050415,Recommended,257510,31809580,Posted: 17 May,all,munglerizer,"Portal was the puzzle games to beat for a long time. This game has got everything a great puzzler needs. The main storyline is good but does not get in the way, there are plenty of little distractions to break things up so they do not get monotonus and it looks and sounds gorgeous!"
76561198034620461,Recommended,257510,31791878,Posted: 16 May,all,JGrizz,good game.
76561198100298760,Recommended,257510,32148950,Posted: 3 June,all,ajaxer2u,"Great scenery, fun just to look around the various worlds, tough puzzles and nice rewards, slightly depressing back story but interestingly presented and kept me looking for and listening to more narratives. Some of the stars are really hard to find and I found myself making recourse to guides on a few. Thoroughly recommend this game to puzzle solvers."
76561198038564487,Recommended,257510,33123831,Posted: 2 July,all,Liv,"Easily one of the best first person puzzel games, if not the best.  10/10The story is captivating, and finding the next piece of the story is as rewading as solving the puzzels. The learning curve is gentle, making the puzzels slighty harder for each level. It is possible to skip the more difficult puzzels on each level, so that you can revisit them once you've learned the tricks.It is the kind of game that can be replayed for the sake of the story and to notice the little things that are only obvious once you know the story of the Talos Principle."
76561198071828090,Recommended,257510,33364958,Posted: 7 July,all,Bakoniz0r,"Magnificent, fascinating experience. My one complaint is that some of the puzzles in the last third are just insanely complex, which made me feel like a big dummy sometimes when I would need to rely on a guide to even hope to progress further. Nonetheless, this is a really unique experience and a true mindbender, with a fascinating story co-written by Jonas Kyratzes. (Not many may know who that is, but I really liked some of his older games, and that mysterious thinking-outside-the-box writing style persists in this game.)I completed the main game with 100% items in about 30 hours."
76561198025502033,Recommended,257510,33242138,Posted: 4 July,all,an annoying git,"Well presented, interesting and challenging, doenst only make you think outside the box, but about what the box actuallly is."
,Recommended,257510,33242514,Posted: 4 July,all,Nanashi,"Fantastic game, loved the storyline, very philosophical"
76561198157485416,Recommended,257510,33300926,Posted: 5 July,all,Bannereus,"Gameplay: decent puzzle game, requires cleverness rather than fast reflexes or platforming skill, not too finicky and controls very well. Mechanics are introduced at a good pace, and combined for enough variety to keep things from getting too stale.Decent narrative to fill the space between puzzles and give you an idea when you hit the end-game. Collectibles, lore, and a (few?) easter egg(s) are present if that's your thing.Art direction and graphics are really stunning, highly recommended for those looking to validate the purchase of an overkill PC. That said, the options menu provides an impressive array of options for performance tuning (GPU & CPU individually) and I had no trouble achieving my performance target. Sound design was fitting for the intended atomosphere, but I didn't personally care for it.Accessibility/comfort options also available; adjustable framerate cap, FOV, and 1st/3rd person view and colour-deficient options were notable, but not the entirety of available choices.Kudos to the devs for being one of the early attempts at a Vulkan port; it ran with reasonable performance and no crashes, so it has my recommendation."
,Recommended,257510,33302256,Posted: 5 July,all,Green,"Absolutely amazing. The philisophical depth left me very satisfied, and the puzzles were rarely frustrating, only challenging. Great game."
76561198096852047,Recommended,257510,26564498,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,lobo.wz,Brilliant game... :) 10/10
76561198006839478,Recommended,257510,32352367,Posted: 11 June,all,jonchristianwilson,"I really do enjoy this game, but it must have been developed to upset people like me.  I am one of those who likes to clear a room and not have to come back to it.  I love the intrigue of most of the puzzles, but the remaining are just an exercise of ridiculousness.  I really want to finish it, but the foolishness of having to run back and forth gets real boring after a while.  Again, this is a really good game, it's just not for me."
76561198079236810,Recommended,257510,33115097,Posted: 1 July,all,MayoToast,Wonderful game!  Awesome puzzles.
,Recommended,257510,26538951,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,PaltN,"Let's just cut the slack and say that this game can completely change your outlook on your life. Is it worth the money and effort from your side? Absolutely. Here is why:The Talos Principle is not afraid to push boundaries, it will present itself and challenge you with mind-bending puzzles and a thought-provoking narrative. The gameplay is tight and challenging. The graphics and design is breathtaking, you will take many screenshots throughout your adventure. The sounds and music help enhance the atmosphere perfectly, but the biggest feature that the game offers you is the absolutely outstanding narrative and storydriven content. Believe me, there are TONS of good stuff for you to find through the whole experience.The less you know about this game before you get going the better. Just know this; trust yourself and READ as much as you can. This is the power of philosophy, this will change you.Good luck!"
,Recommended,257510,33645416,Posted: 18 July,all,Mr. Monster Guy,"Easter Eggs, THE GAME!"
,Recommended,257510,34909855,Posted: 12 September,all,evan.leach,"The Talos Principle is probably the best puzzle game that I have ever played. It is very engaging and challenging, and every puzzle is extremely satisfying.Pros:The puzzles are hard. Sometimes, this isn't good, but The Talos Principle keeps it from being frustrating. If you are stuck on a puzzle, you can always leave and come back to it later. The high difficulty also makes puzzles extremely fun to solve.The puzzle design is very good. The last few puzzles are my personal favorite.There are many choices and ending. A voice in the sky that calls itself Elohim tells you to do whatever you want, but to never ascent the tower, a huge tower in the main world that disappears into a thunderstorm. You can choose to listen to him, defy him, or find another secret ending.There are very few puzzle elements, but they can be used in many different and interesting ways that make puzzles a lot more fun.Cons:Some of the puzzle are not very fun, and some of the puzzles are quite repetitive. However, the game's non-linear structure allows you to skip these puzzles.The puzzles and the story of this game aren't very connected, so sometimes it is not very fun to engage in the story of the game.Overall, The Talos Principle and the DLC Road to Gehenna are both definitely worth their price."
,Recommended,257510,34908969,Posted: 12 September,all,madelyn.devore,"The Talos Principle is far and away the best game I have ever played. It is chock full of difficult puzzles and engaging, mysterious bits of story. The art and animation is incredibly breathtaking - as someone with a kind of crappy PC, I don't often get to play games that both look good AND perform well, so I was thrilled at how smootthly this beautiful game ran. I got goosebumps so many times because of how (at first) unexplainably sinister everything is, and how revelatory and insightful to our world it becomes. I cannot praise the animation, the vocal performances, the puzzles, the score, and the chosen ""codex"" entries enough. Everything in the Talos Principle moved me, sometimes to tears. I know I sound cheesy, but it is honestly my favorite game. I definitely recommend it for people interested in puzzle games, philosophy, religion, classic sci-fi...there's something for everyone in this game."
,Recommended,257510,34847052,Posted: 9 September,all,DarthBane92,Great puzzle game with interesting subplots
76561197992856333,Recommended,257510,34882307,Posted: 11 September,all,Tuppabox,"A very very good game. some levels are very tricky! Some are reapiting (beginning) but thats ok (it's impossible to make every level a bit more difficult...).And the story is very very interesting so if you are interested of the being (I believe everyone is interested) then I think you like it!I hope they improve the vulkan api to support linux more :), thats very fine"
,Recommended,257510,33690189,Posted: 21 July,all,Blänk,"Achievement! And this game really is awesome I love philosophy and deep thinking, this game includes plent of both!!"
76561198355727737,Recommended,257510,33643512,Posted: 18 July,all,Forest_Mushroom,Ths was a very unique puzzle game and probably my most favourite to date. The story itself makes you think about the steps you should take to play the game. I found the puzzles to be challenging and the difficulty moves smoothly through the game. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,257510,33635201,Posted: 18 July,all,Glyph,A wonderfully satisfying puzzle game with a simple but pleasant aesthetic. I would highly recommend the game for anyone who enjoys creative problem solving in 3D.
,Recommended,257510,33666307,Posted: 19 July,all,[SIBW] Spekkio,"The good: the puzzles are generally great and make you feel smart for solving them.The bad: The game world is a horrible graveyard/prison I honestly feel so very, very alone. Nobody is relatable. It's bleak and depressing. And the tetromino (sigil) puzzles are just annoying because they mainly feel like brute force."
,Recommended,257510,33691324,Posted: 21 July,all,Snipp3t,This one makes you think! Love it.
76561197981682505,Recommended,257510,33705596,Posted: 21 July,all,║▌║▌║яαsρ,Wonderfully complex puzzle game laid on top of a philosphical/metaphysical/religious debate. Good vs evil might be difficult to identify from the texts given but I really liked the game. A few puzzles were so difficult for me that I had to look up solutions on the Internet. I'll blame that on old man brain.
,Recommended,257510,33793364,Posted: 25 July,all,Seblines,"The Talos Principle is a puzzle game with a lot of philosophy included for good measure. You solve puzzles using an assortment of objects to gain sigils, which are needed to complete the game.Although some game play mechanics are quite generic, the Talos Principle as a whole is far from it. The settings and the accompanying sounds make the game very fun to play, and the levels can be quite challenging. The added philosophy adds a new layer and makes you question your actions in-game. The game itself is quite long, although playtime can vary based on how long it takes you to solve the puzzles.All-in-all, the Talos principle was fanastic. Despite some generic game play elements, the game is entertaining and leaves you with more questions than you started with. I would definitely recommend this game, although the philosofical nature might not be for everybody."
76561198117427464,Recommended,257510,33711245,Posted: 21 July,all,FaZe_FDR,I'll keep this shortPlay this game if you enjoy-Questioning life-Satisfaction after solving mind-bending puzzles-Enjoy disobeying authority like a teenagerWarnings-Game completely runs out of steam about 70% way through-Endings are concrete and leave little to be figured out-Hardest ending is such a pain to finish
76561197980156403,Recommended,257510,33711468,Posted: 21 July,all,Csta,"I am, at times, completely dazzled by this game and, at other times, completely jaded with it. It's genius, really, but very dry and slow. The gameplay is methodical and tedious. Some of the puzzles are great! Don't get me wrong. And the concept is brilliant. Basically, I've cobbled together so far (because I haven't yet finished the game after only 20 hours of wandering around, completely bewildered) that the human race has been extinct for a vey long time and the Earth is dead or dying, and all that's left is a slowly decaying record of writings and philosophies that are meant to be compiled into what it means to exist. Oh yeah, it's some really deep, serious existential ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, so prepare yourself or if you're not into that kinda thing then it's probably best to just stay away. I personally think it's awesome and also completely dull. I'm going to stick it out just because I want to see it through, not because I'm thrilled to do so. Final prognosis: I'm really glad I'm going to play through it once, but it will only be once and I'll remember it with mixed feelings... but I'll definitely remember it. 7.5/10"
76561198015182407,Recommended,257510,33739378,Posted: 23 July,all,Titane,Absolutely brilliant. A Portal like but in better and more serious. What a great work from the devs and the writers.
,Recommended,257510,33728056,Posted: 22 July,all,socialamoeboid88,One of the best puzzle games I've played. Music really helps it.
76561197992230404,Recommended,257510,33169056,Posted: 2 July,all,Mlacko,"Neki hrvatski prijevodi su loše  napisani, tipfelera ima svugdje...Some Croatian translations are badly translated..."
76561198025032217,Recommended,257510,33189678,Posted: 3 July,all,desertsquirrel86,The book of Genesis as told by PORTAL
,Recommended,257510,33768136,Posted: 24 July,all,Dank Memes,"A good choice for someone who finds most puzzle games easy. If the game had nothing else but puzzles, I would recommend it purely on that basis, but on top of the well thought-out and fairly difficult levels and secrets, The Talos Principle has a pretty great soundtrack, and if you're into philosophy, theology or mythology, the game's story will also be very engaging for you. On one or two occasions, I have been led to sincerely question my principles and beliefs."
,Recommended,257510,33903728,Posted: 30 July,all,iTz Bullz i,Besides the motion sickness the game is solid. After a half an hour or so of playing i get motion sickness. I tried adjusting the settings but still even then i still get it. Usually i get motion sickness when games have a super low FPS but this game does not. IDK why it gives me motion sickness. I see a lot of posts that it is also has given other people motion sickness :/.Overall great game 10/10 would almost throw up again.
,Recommended,257510,33930731,Posted: 31 July,all,AllexisVamp,"Great Game overall. i t really makes u think. but it is one of those games where u can get really agrivated really quickly, but usually u can come back to a level later & be like omg that was easy when u couldnt figure it out for the life of you."
76561198255901969,Recommended,257510,33923890,Posted: 31 July,all,Kraken,"As of me writing this review, I started the game yesterday and man I fell in love with the game. Amazing philosophical story (trying to figure it out). Good gameplay. Please do try it."
76561198093732451,Recommended,257510,33918332,Posted: 30 July,all,theonenotcalledalex,This is Portal 3 taking place in the water temple from Ocarina of Time with a story that will make you wonder if Morpheus slipped you a red pill while you were watching 2001: A Space Odyssey.I haven't been so driven to climb a tower since I played Katherine.
76561198014146141,Recommended,257510,22507148,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,I would like to see another puzzle game from Croteam. This is a fun game most of the time. Not worth full price. Wait for a sale: 10 dollars or lower.+Music+Puzzles+Map designs+Time capsules/Audio logs+Elohim voice+Sam Voice+Alexandra voice+Graphics are great+Beautiful locations+Axe me a question (teehee)+Stars+Easter eggs+Tower ending is the only good one+/-Level 5+ are the only good level(s) for The Tower. All other levels are a let down+/-Did not bother trying to figure out the story or even care+/-Skipped reading most of the text files-Overused textures for walls-Gate ending-Damn mines-Bland Tower location-Tower was hype-Grey/platinum sigils are mostly pretty easy-Finding level 6 codeI do not recommend Road To Gehenna.. Not very good and the puzzles are insane most of the time.
,Recommended,257510,33962740,Posted: 1 August,all,Choquito Borges é o melhor gato,"As hard as cool.Or be, too hard and too cool."
76561198057730602,Recommended,257510,33665689,Posted: 19 July,all,SupaMonoKiller,"You can get headaches from this game just from how hard it is.10/10, would buy asprin again"
76561198022104355,Recommended,257510,34061770,Posted: 6 August,all,PinoChemicali,"Brilliantly designed game. I love how it shows you what you need to know through gameplay, not through walls of text or annoying popups. Good progress in difficulty, resist the urge to look up solutions online and you will eventually figure it all out and feel all the smarter for it. Sometimes you think you have found a way to cheat at a puzzle, only to figure out later that you haven't.Story is mostly background so it is entirely skippable if you so desire (although I recommend following it, it's very good).Road to Gehenna DLC is also worthwhile, it's much harder so play the regular game to completion first."
76561198028331563,Recommended,257510,34048677,Posted: 5 August,all,kets,"As a species, this game is the closest we'll get to answering ""what is real life?"".An absolutely brilliant game, especially if you have some philosophical tendencies. Good puzzles too."
76561198284189382,Recommended,257510,34010132,Posted: 4 August,all,cc_citrius,Great puzzle solving game! I had a lot of fun with it.
,Recommended,257510,34031832,Posted: 4 August,all,Pretty Good,"You buy this game for the puzzles and the deep story, but mostly for puzzles."
,Recommended,257510,34032373,Posted: 5 August,all,danq memes,this game is my favorite
,Recommended,257510,33861021,Posted: 28 July,all,Oźwiena,"This is by far the best puzzle game I've ever played HANDS DOWN. It makes you question, think and enjoy the aspects of its contents.Just buy it solve it fail it question it read it find it technologic???--Edit: okay i just finished playing and OMGGG ITS AMAZING ending(s) actually make sense omg worth all the hype"
,Recommended,257510,21772070,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,7 Vite,"Un capolavoro, questo è probabilmente uno dei migliori titoli a cui io abbia mai giocato in vita mia.A masterpiece, this is probably one of the best games I've ever played in my life."
,Recommended,257510,25846590,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,aradapilot,"My favorite game in recent history. Thoughtful and thought-provoking story. Good in-game reading. Decent learning curve with many challenging puzzles and good mechanics. Hate the recorders, though!"
76561198067638372,Recommended,257510,34128941,Posted: 9 August,all,poofaluff,"I loved this game. I had a hard time with eye strain and motion sickness even after adjusting the settings, but the gameplay was incredibly fun. The puzzles were very challenging, and there were some I never could have figured out on my own without a walkthrough. I felt very invested in my character, and the ending was pretty satisfying. I wish there was a follow up to find out what happens to my android after the game ends."
76561198272679753,Recommended,257510,34128042,Posted: 9 August,all,pandamail,Beautiful and smart. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,257510,34138029,Posted: 9 August,all,acdcdave1387,"This is a great puzzle game and unique in the fact that it is open world. You can eventually run fairly freely and unlock new areas at your discretion. You can always come back to difficult puzzles later on and thus can run around the open world completing the puzzles in any order.The game rewards patience and exploration. People who like to explore (or frankly those who can afford to spend the time to do so) will be able to find secrets and secrets will open up new options to receive alternate endings.There are three endings and you can choose for yourself how to proceed.The puzzles themselves are easy at first as one would expect and continue to get more and more challenging. By the end of the game the puzzles are insanely hard and some can be quite time consuming.All in all, the music and atmosphere make this one of the coolest puzzle games ever made.As a side note: the Serious engine used to build this game is very impressive for what it does and runs efficiently. No crashes or memory issues. No GPU or CPU troubles at high settings and speaking of settings, there are LOADS of settings to run through and customize the visuals of the game...likely more than any other game engine ever...seriously, it is ridiculous."
76561197971643454,Recommended,257510,34159016,Posted: 10 August,all,the_nil,Pros:  Interesting world to function in.  It is good at asking questions and making you work to get answers.  Was worth save/reload to see different endings.  Strong puzzle creation.Cons:  A bit convoluted story but I am nitpicking.
76561198009386659,Recommended,257510,34181519,Posted: 11 August,all,Pulzar,"Great game! It's really easy to get into it -- the first few puzzles are simple, yet require you to ""learn"" the basic mechanics of the game, and then you slowly build upon that. There are dozens and dozens of puzzle levels, yet each one requires something new to be figured out.I liked figuring out how to get to the stars, which usually required creative thinking, but only when it was obvious where the stars were. I'm not a fan of having to run around a large level to look for hidden spots, and a couple of stars are hidden in places like that. That's a minor thing, and you can get the ""basic"" (and still satisfying) ending without even getting a single star anyway.Again, great game, really well done!"
,Recommended,257510,34198161,Posted: 12 August,all,ChaosPatriarch,"You get more than what you pay for. The basic puzzles to get both endings were fair and beautifully made, even some were a great and FUN challenge. But i have to say that my favourite part of this game was reading the text philosophy-kind of materials, really expand your knowledge about what it is to be human, feelings, Artificial Intelligence and reality. I love when a game is VERY deep in topics like this.I disliked what the solutions to some secret puzzles and the way to solve them used game mechanics that are nearly impossible to consider. Of course, to get this things you need a walktrough, unless you want to invest 200+ hours into this game, like some people here. Wich i deeply respect.Ending was great!"
76561198030686083,Recommended,257510,34192872,Posted: 12 August,all,Darkness [BRS],"Great riddles, great gameplay, great soundtrack"
76561197970595465,Recommended,257510,25418110,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Papa Mazdamundi,One of those games that is so incredible in its narrative design that you can't figure out how they did it.
,Recommended,257510,34208557,Posted: 13 August,all,✪ Illuminate,"This game was so good. It's similar to portal in that it's a puzzle game with a good story. However, it has a very different tone to it. It definitely makes you think: about conciousness, what it means to be a person. It definitely makes you question your beliefs. And it's a very high quality game.If you're into story-based games and enjoy questioning your existence in this universe then this game is for you."
76561197974896879,Recommended,257510,34176965,Posted: 11 August,all,Ivan P.,"The best puzzle game I have ever played, you will not regret."
,Recommended,257510,34204771,Posted: 12 August,all,October,"Clever, beautiful and touching. Brilliant game."
76561197998977331,Recommended,257510,34205010,Posted: 12 August,all,Cassiopeia,"The puzzles remind me of Portal, the story touches something very deep."
76561198150183370,Recommended,257510,14338535,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,CRTmatrix,"I began to track it before release cos made by Croteam. When public beta and ""sigils of elohim"" became available, I installed them instantly and got possibility to understand peculiarities of gameplay. And finaly, after passing this game over and across, getting all achievements and endings without any help or advice (something to be proud of considering the stars), I 'm ready to express my opinion about it. No doubt, impression of full game exceeds all good expectations and makes me to give this exact review.Concisely and without spoilers, I think you will like it in case of preferences toward1) Sedate, thoughtful gameplay2) Twisted plot, that is interesting to follow and investigate.3) Beautiful, atmospheric, even despite of being sometimes repetitive, level design and corresponding music.4) Perfect optinisation of Serious engine 4, that provided cute picture even on my crapbook."
,Recommended,257510,32607786,Posted: 20 June,all,YuJia,"It's a great game, rich in content, full of philosophical thinking, three endings, and I think it's better to go back to the real world. If I hadn't wasted so much time.The snake's silent snake press the serpent and silent the serpent achievement.There is also the collection factor of the real pit father, what the star egg is put in the corner of the corner, the normal person who can see??? For the whole collection, he ran for hours without knowing the full mapThe decryption element is ok, the title of the chamber of secrets is already hinted, not particularly difficult, but it is the more troublesome. There are more strategies to repeat.The physics engine is real, and Newton's coffin is fast.The Chinese pronunciation is good, but I found that simplified Chinese phonetic script is interpreted according to the traditional Chinese text, simplified Chinese text is machine translation. The simplest example is the two options: the number and the number??? A donkey's head is not on the horse's mouth.I really can't stand the terminal (because I don't know what it's trying to say), and I often ask the terminal to ignore me, and the end result is only the one with the MLA running away. I want to do back the remaining two terminal achievement, however, how to choose all wrong, I do this again I don't know for a few hours, has been like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ quarrels with a mentally disabled AI ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, forcing obsessive-compulsive disorder. Finally try again, can't I delete the game, meow a mi I waste a lot of valuable time (╯ ‵ - '╯ ︵ ┻ ━ ┻"
,Recommended,257510,34310164,Posted: 17 August,all,The Northern Goshawk,Very good first person puzzle game with some great Myst-like storytelling. Would definitely recommend.
,Recommended,257510,30778749,Posted: 27 March,all,P1GM4N234,what is the meaning of life?
,Recommended,257510,34340936,Posted: 18 August,all,Melton365,"I cannot recommend this game enough. An incredible combination of puzzles, story, and philosophical texts. I went into this game completely blank, and came out with a whole new perspective on my myself (all from a damn video game). Played it twice, completed all of the sigils, and loved every second of it. The DLC is an extended bit of content that feels like the base game on steroids with an interesting take on internet philosophy. The fact they they've announced a second one is amazing, I cannot root for Croteam enough!"
,Recommended,257510,34489371,Posted: 25 August,all,Anna,"Omg this game is perfect, it's portal meets philosophy meets rethink your entire existence meets the bible."
,Recommended,257510,34516373,Posted: 26 August,all,Untracker,"It's a puzzle game.It's a puzzle game that allows you to decide how you want to interpret it and also how you want to play it. You can choose to skip the story entirely and aim towards finishing the game by only collecting the Sigils, or, you could go for the full completionist route and earn the stars too. Besides those, you could also go the investigative route and try to collect all of the piece of information and computer documents/audio messages. Not to mention the countless easter eggs that this game has.I can admit that it does get a bit repetative towards the ending but the story kept me going and thinking... It was a great story.10/10"
,Recommended,257510,16864405,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Rexxars,"If you like clever puzzles, philosophy (life, humanity...), science-fiction, try this game !VERY interesting game and great ending !"
,Recommended,257510,27964004,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Useless S. Grant,Like portal with good graphics. also this game actually looks like it does in the screenshots
,Recommended,257510,27078574,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JellyThink,"great graphics, challenging puzzles, and psychological value that makes you wonder about your genesis"
76561197989129610,Recommended,257510,34539005,Posted: 27 August,all,Megabyte [RSSD],"While like any puzzle based game, The Talos Principle can be occasionally infuriating, it is overall an amazing title. If you are one of the many people who loved their time playing the Portal games, I do not know how you missed this title. It is not nearly as light hearted (and in fact there are times this game can be downright depressing), but it is absolutely mastefully made and a worthy game to stand with Valve’s masterpieces.If you enjoy puzzle gaming, you need to get your hands on this title. It is one of the best of this genre and well worth your time to play thought. If you are looking for any kind of action adventure, however, this game is simply not for you.Full review available at:http://redsectorshutdown.blogspot.com/2017/08/the-talos-principle-pc-review.html"
,Recommended,257510,34525077,Posted: 27 August,all,Kapcake,WoW! this game is so amazing
,Recommended,257510,34547741,Posted: 28 August,all,imbozimo,"If you like the first-person puzzle genre, you'll really like this game. If you're interested more in the narrative, just know that it's 80% gameplay, 20% story and worldbuilding, and almost none of the gameplay ties in directly with the narrative. It's very much a puzzle game with story elements peppered in here and there, and it's not exactly a groundbreaking story either. But I still very much enjoyed it! Lots of interesting philosophical ideas are played with and discussed, and it's just an interesting world. I do wish there were less time-based puzzles, as those became both the most tedious and the most stressful part of the game for me. TL;DR - Like challenging, unique puzzles? Play this game."
76561198052397991,Recommended,257510,34718590,Posted: 3 September,all,Ellamenohpea,Challenging first person action-puzzles.creative set ups and exploration of ideas required to find solutions.
76561197974034771,Recommended,257510,34656397,Posted: 1 September,all,schattenklinge,Easy to loose yourself in this game. Good puzzles in different grades of hardness (many to hard for me to figure out on my own :(   ).Really liked to play it and did never regret to buy it.
,Recommended,257510,34941330,Posted: 13 September,all,501st [DE],"This is intense. It surpises me that I percieve it that way, but I do.The music is fantastic, the setting and the world is great and the texts and thoughts this game is trying to convey make it very exciting."
76561198132812456,Recommended,257510,34964082,Posted: 14 September,all,Captanegan,"When you combine science, philosphy, AND puzzles, you get the most intellectually stimulating game I can think of."
,Recommended,257510,25348043,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Theta,"In short:The Talos Principle is like LSD. If you do it, you know.If you don't, you end up curiously wondering what it is like.Though this is far better.In long:No. Just play it. Words cannot justify it anyway.Immerse yourself for hours and hours with mindbending puzzles in all degrees of challenge, groundbreaking philosophy which will leave you mindblown and mindgrown, and just a slight hint of intellectual drama, especially in the DLC. All this in a world with graphics which qualifies for any lucid dream of higher immersion degree. Simple and easily understandable mechanics, creative and sometimes frustrating solutions, subtle and non mandatory story elements but which are worth the search as the story content is philosophically bottomless.If you for some unexplainable reason succeed to end up more disappointed than satisfied, then I'm sorry to admit that you fail at life in almost every field and should not really be able to read this review."
76561198338938233,Recommended,257510,34999786,Posted: 16 September,all,kennethwessel,"so i was very confused at first, then after knowing what the puzzle structures do i loved the game. the puzzles are physical in nature, with cubes, laser connectors, fans, mines, etc.   some were simple, many very thought provoking.  i cheated about 3 or 4 times watching youtubes when i got really stuck. it was that or go nuts.i played this game 54 hours before completing it, and there are various endings possible. unless you require shooting to enjoy a game, this game won't disappoint. fabulous gameplay, great graphics, and wonderful background music. it just kept getting better and better as the game went along. avatar movement is precise and flawless, and the game saves quite often - you don't have to go backwards very far (if at all) when you quit.also, the game was very thought provoking requiring decisions about ""humanity"" and doing the right thing. your selections will determine the ending you get.so thank you, i got it on sale and it's one of my favorite games ever. i strongly recommend the game. i give it 5 stars out of 5."
,Recommended,257510,20472587,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,cjuls,"The Talos Principle is a game that will make you feel smart and stupid at the same time.The puzzles, though sometimes repetitive, sometimes too hard or not enough, are always satisfying - that's the part that makes you feel smart.Of course the resemblance with Portal is too obvious not to mention, but The Talos Principle has a very different spirit. Much more serious, its story will make you think about what is real, what makes you real - and that's what will most likely make you feel stupid, like maybe you haven't figured out anything after all.A challenging game for the mind and a beautiful experience for the eyes. Also there is a kitten on the cover so that's an automatic +1 in my book."
,Recommended,257510,35047686,Posted: 18 September,all,Stijnionio,"This game is overwhelmingly awesome. Great, mindblowing puzzles. Intricate, mind-boggling ""dialogue"" in which you banter with a computer on existential philosophy. If you want to try a game that offers a bit more satisfaction than you achieve by just shooting some people, this game is for you. I'd also highly recommend the DLC ""The Road To Gehenna"", which focuses more on interesting characters and the human side of things. I'd give this game a 9/10."
76561198247483466,Recommended,257510,35085240,Posted: 20 September,all,Panifex_,"Amazing game, great value for money."
76561198127604668,Recommended,257510,35096908,Posted: 20 September,all,-GQC-maikan666,Like Portal with guns
76561198074661877,Recommended,257510,35132413,Posted: 22 September,all,Mambo,"I played over a hundred games and can confidently say that this was the single best one. Beautiful graphics, a thought provoking story and genuinly smart puzzles. Both the main game and the DLC are highly recommended!"
,Recommended,257510,35038208,Posted: 17 September,all,Machhinate,"One of the few games I have played more than once, definitely an enjoyable game."
76561198398565802,Recommended,257510,35034617,Posted: 17 September,all,autonomous2017,"If you like portal, you'll love this game."
76561197993058793,Recommended,257510,35080216,Posted: 20 September,all,murraymint85,"Great game.  I would describe this game in one sentance as ""like portal, but longer and with phiolosophy instead of humour"" However, when I say that, I find it just as gripping as portal, if not more so, as the world building is excellent and I really want to find out what happened.Great game design, you can complete the game without doing all of the harder puzzles but there is lots to see and extra to do if you want to spend longer in the world.This is the first time in a long while I am aiming for 100% completion, as all the puzzles, whilst some are hard, seem fair and can be worked out.10/10.P.S.  The soundtrack is also great."
76561198021922437,Recommended,257510,34858092,Posted: 10 September,all,Murum,"""Many has passed since the first words have been spoken in the darkness, initiate program""if you like complex puzzle solving...then""My child you do not need to collect all sigils at once, you are free to return to this place whenever you choose""if you like a deep and complex meaning then...""Step into the light child and my temple will be revealed to you""if you like arguing with a Scripted AI that almost feels as if you are talking to a real person... then...""rejoice child for you have fullfiled all your tasks in this land...""if you would like to ponder over your own existence and the meaning of life, death and what is important...""...and yet your will is free, because you were made to be free it is the very principle of your existence without which the trials of this world holds no meaning...""if you are a person that doubts and questions everything...""Good you are learning as is your purpose, but your choises must be your own therefore i will not guide you unless it is necessary...""""The road before you is still long and many gates remain closed but take comfort in your accomplishments and your creators pride...""Good game, 10/10 much thinking much puzzles, many a QR codes, much philosophy and secret...many a joys.....go buy...now....""The Shepherd v82.76.5845"""
76561198174439398,Recommended,257510,35155081,Posted: 23 September,all,happy_feeet,A real mind-teaser. Stretches your brain to its limits.
76561198025620904,Recommended,257510,34592865,Posted: 29 August,all,gomi_no_sempai,"It's an interesting puzzle game where religious philosophy meets Artificial Intelligence. There is a larger puzzle at play about the collapse of civilization, which draws you through the challenging spacial puzzles. In each area, you have access to a set of puzzles where you use a simple set of tools to redirect lasers to gain access to Tetris-like pieces and possibly stars. The Tetris pieces are used to unlock other areas.If you love puzzles then this game is an easy inclusion in your library."
,Recommended,257510,34624677,Posted: 30 August,all,Charlie D.,"Are you a fan of tetris? Do you wanna pay homage? ... Seriously though, those answers don't matter. Welcome to The Talos Principle! Jokes aside, the game is really good and it can be very easy to get caught in it trying to figure out where you are, why you're there, and what is this all for. Like the description says, it's a philosophical one. Without spoiling much, you wake up as an android, it seems that your job is to go around collecting tetris pieces, and so you do it my friend. But is that really all you're meant to do with your newfound droid life? Can that actually be called a life? Are YOU alive?To me, the beauty of this game are in the questions it poses. Don't get me wrong, the puzzles were good, challenging, and of course, sometimes annoyingly difficult. But the crowning jewel was the story, the characters in it, and the doubt the game instilled which made me question everything. You'll find yourself trying to define concepts you thought you knew for sure, only to realise that we actually don't have good definitions for the topics the game wants to discuss. And thus, doubt ensues. For that, The Talos Principle is a unique experience. One that cannot be described without giving part of the fun of discovery away. So, if you're feeling phylosophical enclinations, go for it! It will scratch that itch and throw a bunch of puzzles while you're at it."
,Recommended,257510,34195484,Posted: 12 August,all,Adamantium,Put me through an existential crisis. 10/10
,Recommended,257510,34183934,Posted: 11 August,all,Exayne,This game will make you question your very existence. Buy it if you haven't already!
,Recommended,257510,35246897,Posted: 27 September,all,RetroSensei,Sensei approves this. What makes you think I'm not a bot?
76561198025240702,Recommended,257510,35253526,Posted: 27 September,all,iltridente,"Gorgeous game.  If you like solving problems with an excellent, thought provoking story line, this is for you.  But the visuals...when my son deleted my very advanced game file and I had to start over, I almost was glad to be walking around Roman ruins for the ""first time"" again.  I sometimes just wander around taking in the architecture so long that Elohim gripes at me to move on."
76561198364937769,Recommended,257510,35251779,Posted: 27 September,all,StephanieWalters014,Highly recommended if you like puzzle games. The story is great too!
,Recommended,257510,35413226,Posted: 2 October,all,fen,v good
76561198273904185,Recommended,257510,35520955,Posted: 6 October,all,simon.greene6,Honestly one the best games I have ever played. Get ready for your mind to be turned upside down!!
