user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197971283262,Recommended,257690,12086551,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Hammersmith Rocksfeld,"Having never played the original, I didn't really know what to expect. The €20 price tag was enough to make me take a look in to what I would find. I was assured that, despite the interface driven gameplay, this was not a hidden object or pixel hunting game - and I have happily found that this was true. This is a genuine adventure game, in the classical sense - it reminds me of the many, many titles released in the late 90's, which so frequently had fantastic story and design. Noir - A Shadowy Thriller; Sacred Mirror of Kofun...I could go on. These games took on a semi-mythical status due to it being so hard to find them - a demo disc tease was all you got sometimes - but when you could find them, they were so deep and enjoyable, it was worth the search.To find this game, so long after these classics were produced, afloat in a sea of triple-A explosion fests and MMO-RPG-FPS-OMG-STFU games...well, it feels like finally spotting that cardboard game box on the shelf at the local gaming store.That said, this is anything but old fashioned. The interface is slick and responsive, and the game looks beautiful, especially in the Full HD mode. It's not going to tax your video card, but the rich art and loving details make for an immersive environment. Foley (sound effects) and music significantly contribute to this sensation.It is cleverly written, and the story and characters are immensely enjoyable - give them just a little time to grow on you, they will. It's the kind of game you keep thinking about when you stop playing - you imagine yourself in the character's shoes, imagine what you would be doing in the same situation, what you would be feeling...you create your own narratives. Anything which stimulates your imagination in that way is a great argument against anyone who would claim that video games are inherently dumber than books, for example.I'm not a huge fan of puzzles in games - the often break the pace, or aren't logical - but I love the puzzles in J.U.L.I.A. Maybe I'm not a fan of puzzles because they're not often done this well. Even the instantly familiar ""pipe"" style puzzles are different from the norm, so well done and with a proper feeling of reward on completion. Cracking datapads, figuring out door codes, all the while wandering the corridors of long dead stations, a subtle threat looming in your mind...it all fits very well. And the threat is not an IN YOUR FACE, IN YOUR FACE, YOU'RE GETTING STABBED IN YOUR FACE kind of threat...it's an instinctual fear of what you can't see, what might be coming. And that's so much worse. Yet, you're safe up on the ship, while the robot explores. That works really well, as you're sitting at a PC remotely controlling the robot, just as Rachel would be. And just like her, you're safe. Right? Right?!"
,Recommended,257690,13670522,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,IG-88,"Very surprised to like this game as much as I did, as I'm not a big adventure game fan. Highly recommend, though maybe wait till its a bit cheaper as it is not a super long game.Pros- Good atmosphere- Solid story, kept me going throughout the game- Very nice look to the game, especially for an indie- Voice acting is decent, MOBOT is great though- Some Puzzles are very good. Require some real thinking and are not just mindless A-Z things. However...Cons- Some puzzles are annoying in the extreme. Not in terms of difficulty, but in the actual practice of doing them.For example, an end game translation puzzles resets every time you fail, so if you have 2/3rds of it translated, one wrong click makes you reenter all the info you already know to be correct. Just annoying.- First few worlds are nice and lengthy, the last 2-3 fly by and are less than 6 screens each for the most part.- I had two crashes, both while saving my game. The save still worked, but not ideal."
,Recommended,257690,12633036,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,callcifer,"Wow, 8 hours have passed since I decided to ""just give this a shot"" and I couldn't be happier with that decision! J.U.L.I.A. is one of the best games I've played in the recent years; certainly the best adventure game. Excellent story, teriffic voice acting, animation, art, music and sound design. *Everything* in this game is beautiful to look at, listen to, interact with and simply experience.This game is a masterpiece. Try it. You can thank me later."
76561197983740996,Recommended,257690,32447417,Posted: 15 June,all,Chane,"You have been sleeping, dreamless for decades, frozen in a cryo-sleep-chamber on board of the interstellar probe J-XZN-12586. A meteorite strike forced J.U.L.I.A., the probes artificial intelligence, to wake you up. Your crew is gone. You are alone. What has happened?J.u.l.i.a. among the stars is a point and click adventure with a heavy emphasis on puzzles. As soon as I saw the trailer I wanted to play the game. But this is not the usual point and click routine. This clever game becomes very difficult at times and requires a huge amount of dedication. Prepare paper and pen to take notes, remember crew-members, access codes and events to find solutions.When it comes to story, music, ambience, sound effects and graphics J.u.l.i.a. clearly deserves a recommendation. But in my opinon some of the puzzles can't be solved without help. If you wish to play this game, be ready to take some time and dedication. This is no easy fun ride, more like demanding detective work.Pros:- wonderful, strong atmosphere- nice graphics- good soundtrack and sound effects- perfect English voice acting- very realistic conversations- clever, mature, mystic and good story- different types of puzzlesNeutral:- requires endurance, concentration, and dedicationCons:- sometimes difficult, a few times extremely difficult- predictable end of story- a few very stupid achievements"
,Recommended,257690,13682984,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Velihopea,"J.U.L.I.A is an excellent scifi adventure/puzzle game. You are a lone survivor of an expedition to another solar system and your task is to find out what happened to the rest of the expedition and the piece together the story of the solar system.The atmosphere and immersion of the game is very good and if you are a fan of science fiction (especially hard-core/near future), you will like this. I usually don't play adventure or puzzle games, but I really liked this one.Downsides: Puzzles can be very hard to piece together without help. With some cheating with puzzles the game lasted about 8 hours. At 20 euros game price, that is bit on the short side, but worth it. On sale <10 euros immediate buy for all scifi fans."
,Not Recommended,257690,14653157,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,sg,"It's definitely a good game overall, but in the end I cannot bring myself to recommend it. Though the puzzles were very enjoyable, I didn't find the story very interesting or the characters engaging. The CGI is polished but animation is very jerky and unrealistic. The game gets a lot of basic science so wrong that it's simply immersion-breaking (nitrogen gas is explosive now?).If you like puzzle games and want to try out an interesting sci-fi puzzle, go for it. Otherwise I think you're better off spending your money and time elsewhere."
,Recommended,257690,12852330,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,skymandr,"Finally! A great adventure game with seamless Linux support!I loved this game! It has it's flaws: a few unpolished text-pieces that the editor missed, a few pieces of dialouge that miss audio, a few logcial inconsistencies, and at least two puzzels whose premisses are complete nonsense from a Science perspective (I don't mind the science fiction elements, but there were occasions when they simply got the day-to-day science wrong that made me cringe. The one that most bugged me involved Nitrogen being depicted as an explosive compound, which is most definitely is not -- if they had swapped Nitrogen for Oxygen all would have been fine...).The classic game it is most like, and probably owes most debt to, is probably Mission Critical, which is also very good. The gameplay is similar to this game, with several mini-game like puzzels inbetween. This provides a less seamless player experience compared to e.g. the Myst series, and makes ""suspension of disbelief"" a little less convincing, but it works fairly well within the SciFi-setting. Most of the mini-games are fun, and even those that are not make sense, though there were a few that were plain frustrating even if I understood what I was supposed to do. The game-play is also aided by an unobtrusive hint-function that helps you find hot-spots within the scenes. This may be considered cheating by hard-core gamers, but it is optional and I think it is a neccessary function for advanced and detailed graphics such as these. If you are an acheivement hunter, then this game is also promising, with loads of acheivements to unlock. On my system (Linux), however, there seems to be a problem with this, but in principle at least there is a lot to go for.The story also reminds me a lot of Mission Critical, at least the premise: sole survivor has to find out what's happened while they were out cold. It is told in beuatiful graphics (that seem to be inspired by Riven and the other Myst games more than by Mission Critical -- there is also a nod to 2001), very good voice acting, and with a brilliant progressive-rock-esque sound track. There are some inconsistencies in the story, in that some things can be preformed before you logically should be able to, but nothing that is a game breaker. The story took me approximately 8 hours to complete, and is (more or less) linear, but that's the way I prefer it.All in all, a very well designed, melancholy space adventure, well worth my money and my time! I don't say this about games often, but I look forward to playing this one again!"
76561198047495857,Recommended,257690,14730166,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,OdanUrr,"I had almost forgotten how fun a good point 'n click could be. ""J.U.L.I.A.: Among the Stars"" has a great ambiance that immediately sells you on the premise of your being a lone human explorer in space, Rachel Manners, working with the ship's onboard computer, J.U.L.IA., and the exploration robot, MOBOT, to solve the mystery of what happened to the rest of the crew.It provides good variety on the planets to be explored -everything from jungles and deserts to underwater exploration- as well as a number of puzzles, some of which, however, lack any sort of guidance and will either leave you scratching your head for a good long while or searching google for a walkthrough. That is probably the low point of the game for me, While I will readily admit it's been a while since I last played a game -any game, really- with challenging puzzles, there are quite a few puzzles in J.U.L.I.A. that can only be solved by a trial-and-error approach instead of gathering clues and I usually prefer the latter to the former.Beyond that, my only other complaint, or wish rather, is that I had hoped the game would go on for a few more hours but I clocked 6 hours and still have some things left for the completionist in me. The music, sound and art design, are high points of the game, all of them adding to the superb atmosphere. There's been mention that the soundtrack will be released at some point and I'm looking forward to it.In the end, I think it's a solid point 'n click that leaves the door open for a sequel that I hope comes to fruition some day. In the spirit of full disclosure I did buy the game during the Valentine's Day 50% off sale so it was definitely great value for money in my case. If you're looking for 10+ hours of gameplay that will ultimately depend on your ability to solve puzzles, your patience, and determination not to google a walkthrough. For my part, it makes me hopeful about the point 'n click genre again."
,Recommended,257690,12100616,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,[GOTR] Cetrius,"The stories well written with just enough moral dilemas and plot twists to keep the player interested thoughout.The puzzles are difficult enough without being frustratingThe art and visuals are perfect, the only flaw I had was the CGI of the person seemed a little 'bland' or 'robotic' she didnt seem very human, but thats more of a engine limitation that a design flaw.I voted for the game when it was being green-lit, (great in-game reference to that), but i'll admit I had forgotten what it was that made me vote yes.But I am certainly glad I did, and that the rest of the community did as well.Well worth playing."
,Recommended,257690,12704511,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,A747,"J.U.L.I.A. Among the Stars is incredible!I have not played the original, but this game stands on its own. Being a fan of point and click adventure and especially sci-fi, this is my cup of tea. It really makes you feel like you are Rachael Manners, faced with uncovering what happened to her crew and the mission. Really good story. It is a mystery game, but most definately not a horror game. Everything about it is very well done. And I just love MOBOT.5/5"
76561198038828453,Recommended,257690,22706481,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ChristerDoo,"Awesome game. One regret - it's over. I was hooked from the outset and played through this game in 3 sessions. I found it to be a very compelling experience and commend the devs for creating such a thought provoking experience.The graphics are gorgeous and the ever changing UI was both innovative and intuitive. Sounds and music are very apt and the degree of tasks and puzzles keep you going back for more. I found the puzzles to be logical for the most part. A few did require some serious effort but this only enhanced the sense of reward upon solving them. The sense of exploration and accomplishment was high and the situations and encounters very immersive.If you like this type of game, Ihighly recommendyou do yourself a favour and give it a try.  If you are interested in space exploration and sci-fi and like to solve mysteries then this game is a must play. Games which make me grudgingly concede the need to go to bed at 3 am are few and far between and this was one of them."
76561198116968802,Not Recommended,257690,13581688,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,dayinnight,"Although the graphics are truly stunning, J.U.L.I.A has surprisingly little to offer in originality or entertainment value, and too many annoyances to make this a recommended game. It is a mystery, to which you will figure out the ending 25% of the way in. The mini-games are standard stock and repetitive. It crashed a number of times on my brand new MacBook Pro, and prevented me from saving the game at a critical point, forcing me to re-play a significant portion of the game to see the alternate outcome. The vaguely depressing and anti-climactic ending robs the player of any satisfaction of seeing this somewhat tedious game to its conclusion. Although the developers put a lot of effort into this game, I can't help but feel a little robbed, even if I bought it at a mild discount."
,Recommended,257690,16499670,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sneaksie(RUS),"This game was a very nice surprise. Sci-fi point-and-click adventure with puzzles. Very nice visuals (they are pre-rendered, but are nicely done).I should specifically mention optional, but excellent Mind-o-matic detective puzzles where you need to restore the order in which things happened by constructing sentences from phrases into a text that describe the story. Other puzzles are also very well thought out and diverse.The only thing I don't like is the fact that it became less 'hard sci-fi' near the end, but this is because I love hard sci-fi with as little 'space magic' involved as possible. Nevertheless, the game kept me glued to screen until the very end.Highly recommended to anyone interested in good science fiction stories and uncovering mysteries!"
76561198065598217,Recommended,257690,12312380,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,ES_Lrateke,"I think J.U.L.I.A. is bound to become a cult classic- this is my take on why this title is so special:- Impressive story (really- I mean it!);- The story is always given to you with something concealed, in a way that the player must imagine and figure out part of it on his own- I consider it to be advance writing skills;- You'll get surprised and twited by it's outcome;- The puzzles are incredible well design and there's a good variety on them;- The graphics and cutscenes are beautiful;- The soundtrack marry perfectly with the game;- The voice acting is superbI think this is a must play- as it's one of the most surprising games I have ever touched.I won't give a 10 because I think it lacks some minor details- like keyboard shortcuts, sometimes the points of interactions are too small and the texts are also a little bit too small. But like a said, those are minor detail- this title is way too impressive.(9.5 out of 10)"
,Recommended,257690,29731503,Posted: 5 February,all,The Geeky Gimp,"One of the more unique point-and-click adventures I've played. The story is predictable, but the puzzles were diverse and spaced out enough to keep my attention. My only complaint is how small the text is without the ability to make it bigger, which is a shame in such a text-heavy game. But otherwise a fun experience."
,Not Recommended,257690,14738968,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Blossoming Sun,"I would like to point out that even though I wouldn't recommend this game normally, if you enjoy games similar to Myst, and this game is on sale, pick it up. It has an interesting enough story, and some of the puzzles are really quite fun. It is safe to read my entire review, I don't mention anything specific, it's spoiler free.Let me first point out the strengths of this game:- The story is interesting, although the entire storyline is given to you and the ending is obvious before you get anywhere near the end.- The characters are well written and fully-voiced. I really connected with them, and felt that they were fleshed out very well.- Even though there is little animation (this game is very much like the Myst series) there is enough to keep you interested, and the scenery and backgrounds are beautiful.Here are a few things that I did not care for:- I didn't like the fact that the story was pretty much handed to me before the end was near. I was also disappointed with the ending, because it's kind of a let down.- I really, really enjoyed certain puzzles, and when the puzzles were challenging but fun, I thoroughly enjoyed this game. However, many of the puzzles were frustrating more than fun, and were not easy to understand what was supposed to be done.- The trailer really leads you to believe that this game is not similar to the Myst series, but that's pretty much what you're getting in this game. There are a few cutscenes where things are animated, but that's about it."
76561198102204839,Recommended,257690,19075381,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,T_Modemia,"At the very start I had some trouble getting into this game because I expected more visuals than there really were.  However, as the story began to reveal itself and I began to get a feel for the game's purpose and how it was meant to be approached, I found myself coming back again and again until I got hooked and binged until 4AM to finish it!This game is not exactly a clone of the Myst series, but nor is it a hidden object adventure.  The story is a HUGE part of the game!- interesting, fairly original puzzles- investigative gameplay with 'murder mystery' elements- brilliantly-conceived AI personality and engaging story- responsive interface and no glitches that I could findThere's no point listing off negative points, because if you're like me you'll inevitably weight them excessively when you read this review.  Also, I can't really think of any.Buy this game, if nothing else than for the story itself!"
,Recommended,257690,12105688,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Jinxology,"I'm about 2 hours in and I'm pretty impressed with this game.  Good story, unique UI, great minigames.  As adventure games go, I'm a fan."
,Recommended,257690,17707294,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Schattenwolf,"Definitely recommended.I'm not a fan of all those exploration puzzle ""adventures"" like Myst(Boring in my opinion)But J.U.L.I.A. is different, more active.Maybe it's the scifi setting, the story that i find quite interesting, maybe the good atmosphere and puzzles that can give you a challenge without going into the ""it's hard because it makes no sense""-corner.All in all the composition is worth a try."
,Recommended,257690,32847785,Posted: 27 June,all,juantheplumber,Very enjoyable point and click adventure. Excellent music and great visuals. Lots of puzzles. Good Story. I only got stuck once which is refreshing for a game of this kind.
,Recommended,257690,16472814,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,wany1981,"Just completed the Game and I will give this one a thumbs up.Wonderful Space puzzle game with Nice Graphics, Good Animation, Great Plot, Funny Robot, Crazy AI, Easy Puzzle, Engaging music and unexpected Ending.Takes about 5-10 hours to playthough without a guide. Achievements are pretty simple but you can miss of few if you not careful. There is also a hidden achievement no one was able to get yet and i am waiting for an online explaination for that.8.5/10"
,Recommended,257690,14786347,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,OriginalXTS,"I, myself, enjoyed this game a lot.  Great graphics, detailed storyline, interesting things to find during exploration.. I admit, the music in one of the puzzles was too high pitched for me so I had to turn down the volume. :-/ Sometimes I wanted to smack J.U.L.I.A. and other times I wanted to hug her. lol  She can deliver a bit of sarcasm, but so can your character..  Mobot is a very interesting assistant.. Without him, we'd be lost.The scenes are fantasticly created. I only managed about 22 of 30 achievements, but having achievements is a plus! Makes it more fun.I like the point and click type games like this that make you work your mind a bit.. Also tests your memory. I would explore space again w/ J.U.L.I.A. and Mobot :)This game may not be for every type of person but those like me who like point and click, exploration, storylines, and adventure, as well as beautiful scenery, you will likely be like the many of us who liked this game. I paid full price and feel it was well worth it. ^.^"
,Recommended,257690,23613592,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,The Galaxywalker,I really like this game! It is so simple and beautiful! You explore an unknown solar system and you are alone with to KI-Robots. After 60 years you wake up and you find out that your crew is gone. You find clues about what has happened here and you have to finish the mission!Play it yourself and have fun with it!11/10
76561198017681638,Recommended,257690,12101740,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,WotusawwasVenus,"I play COD fps games mostly these days but lately have become disillusioned by the number of undetected hackers playing these games, so much so that I won't be getting COD advanced warfare, which for me would have once  been unthinkable.So thought I'd try some adventure games. Only played about an hour of this but it's great. Used to be into sci-fi adventure games bigtime in the 80's/90's but they all but disappeared. so estatic that they seem to be making a comeback. 'Prominence' is the next one on my 'to get' list then 'no man's sky' next year.J.U.L.I.A was much more sophisticated than I expected and after the initial 'learning phase' have become more intrigued in this sci-fi mystery by the minute. If you like sci-fi adventure this is a must"
76561198009689576,Not Recommended,257690,16355374,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Corazan,"tl;dr version: Good story, poor/chunky/unexplained interface. For the love of god take notes of everything. EVERYTHING.For starters: I did enjoy the story of the game, even if it was very trope-laden. There's a big ""But"" following that statement however. Much as I enjoy exercising the old grey matter, J.U.L.I.A. went from ""interesting story driven puzzle adventure"" with emphasis on the story, to ""aggravating obscure pixel hunt and obsessive note taking ordeal.""The first portion of things went well. Getting to know the characters, gorgeous environments, and a fairly intuitive interface. Things went downhill from there however, with little to no carryover in controls (eg: in one puzzle the right mouse button may rotate objects, in another it is a double left click).Have you ever wanted to construct a six line, 31 character phrase from a set of 24 ideograms, via complete trial and error, with an error meaning having to restart completely? (yes this is really a puzzle)You'll need to take notes during two earlier puzzles to do this with anything other than trial and error, cross reference those notes to find where they overlap, and will still need some trial and error."
,Recommended,257690,28298897,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Daniela,"I remember this game fondly even now, 2 years after I played it. Good puzzles, gripping story, great audio and pretty graphics! I loved exploring the surroundings! Recommended if you're into story driven puzzle games."
,Recommended,257690,26707005,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,sbszine,"A top notch SF adventure game with a gripping story and interesting puzzles. What I like about J.U.L.I.A. is that it's taken the best ideas from hidden object games -- a first person view, fast travel, trial-and-error minigames -- and added that to the deeper story and difficult set-piece puzzles of old school adventure games. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,257690,33828651,Posted: 27 July,all,just.like.that,"My short reviewVery enjoyable mixture of classical point & click adventure and puzzle game with a great story line. Decent length (~10 hours), great graphics and voice acting, difficulty ranging from easy to really tricky (might be a bit challenging for newbies to the adventure genre since there's no in-game help besides a hotspot viewer). Great game all around.The storyYou wake up alone on a spaceship in a far away solar system, with only your board computer J.U.L.I.A. and a small exploration vessel for company. What happened to the rest of the crew? Why did they leave you behind in cryosleep? Your expedition was supposed to look for sentient life in this solar system and you as an astrobiologist were a vital member of the team.Your task is to explore the different planets of the solar system for traces of your crew members and find out what happened to them. You might uncover more than you bargained for...GameplayThe main part of the game is classic point & click. You send your exploration vessel to the different planets and look around for clues, mainly in the form of datapads and computers but also some environmental clues. You don't have an inventory, whatever you pick up occasionally will just be kept and automatically used in the correct situation.A lot of your progress will require you to solve puzzles e.g. hacking datapads or constructing an upgrade for your exploration vessel. The puzzles for the most part were unique, quite challenging and fun. Even adventure game veterans won't have seen most of them before.There is no in-game help (besides an hotspot viewer and something that explains the mechanics of the current puzzle), so be prepared to really have a think occasionally.Graphics, sounds and voiceactingNothing to complain about, on the contrary. The voiceacting in particular was top notch, in my opinion. There is not much music in the game but lots of ambient sounds that create a fitting atmospere.CriticismMy only criticism is that you can't review datapad/computer entries without going to the place where you found it originally. If you want to solve the optional storyline puzzles in which you have to put key events of the storyline in the correct order, you'll likely have to fly to different planets to look at these again. This involves each time leaving one planet, flying to another planet, landing on this planet and then navigating to the datapad location. It doesn't take too long, you can skip some of the animations by right clicking, but still, wouldn't it have made sense that an exploration vessel for a scientific expedition would have some sort of recording device for something as simple as datapad entries?Not really a criticism, more of a warning: The game does not spell things out for you. There are quite a few details of the storyline that are maybe hinted at but never fully explained. I thought that it fitted very well with the setting, since you are playing a kind of detective who is reconstructing events from clues after the fact. But if you expect to get everything served on a platter you might be disappointed.I didn't encounter any glitches or crashes. You can save anytime you like while on a planet, and the game even provides an automatic save before you make the only meaningful decision in the game (for different endings) which I thought was a really nice touch. It would've annoyed me to have to replay an hour or more just to get a look at the other ending.ConclusionIf you are looking for something a bit different, don't mind sometimes challenging puzzles, and would like to play the detective on a solar system scale, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,257690,12113183,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,I AKU!,"JULIA is  a point and click sci-fi adventure game about a biologist named Rachel Manners waking up from cryosleep and discovering that she is the last of her scientific expedition on the ship.  After saving the ship from an asteroid field she teams up with the ship's AI, Julia, and the team's scouting robot, Mobot, to find out what happened to the rest of the crew. This adventure will take them all over an entire solar system as they explore strange alien worlds. These worlds are beautifully crafted and the quality graphics really make for a strong and immersive atmosphere. The writing is also quite good, Rachel, Julia, and Mobot all have good chemistry together and are likable. All this combined makes JULIA one of those games that make you feel that you're a part of the journey and you want to see it through.When it comes to the puzzles I'm going against the popular opinion in the Steam reviews so far and say that the puzzles overall suck. They don't suck in the Sierra sense of missing something and making the game unwinnable and there's no pixel hunting thanks to Mobot's hotspot button, but the puzzles are just more obtuse than they need to be because the tutorials for the puzzles tend to be kind of bad. There are several puzzles that actually have easy solutions but good luck figuring that out. The last half of the game is also filled with puzzles that are impossible to solve without trial and error which makes it a chore.Just play with a guide and save yourself the headache because the really good atmopshere and writing make this game worth playing."
,Recommended,257690,25565558,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Deadmarsh,"As a sci-fi fan this seemed very interesting to me. Can't say I was disappointed, but this didn't really wow me either. Looks quite nice (in HD mode at least). The story is well thought out, though it does get a bit wild at some point. Could maybe have been toned down a bit, just my opinion. And longer, could have been longer. Anyways, puzzles were mostly ok. Not a big puzzle fan myself so I didn't have the stamina for some of the more annoying puzzles. I admit I looked up the solutions to those. You really must pay attention and have a good memory with some of them.All in all impressive work for two man development team. I would not recommend this at full price however (20€ at the moment). Try it if there is a good discount and you like point & click adventures (with a sci-fi twist)."
,Recommended,257690,18960272,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Crumpet,"J.U.L.I.A follows astrobiologist Rachel Manners, who is awoken from cryo-sleep by the ship's Intelligent Unit following a disaster which can only be fixed with the help of human hands. Rachel then finds out that she is alone. With revelations and mysteries which soon occur regarding the disappearance of the rest of her crew, Rachel must explore the solar system to uncover what exactly happened.If you love space, puzzles, and a decent storyline, then I highly recommend giving this game a try.The game sees you explore multiple planets where underwater, snow, and jungle environments are but a few places where you must work out what happened to the crew. The puzzles are really varied and provide a fun challenge, and the datapad hacking/researching was a particuarly engaging way of uncovering the mysteries. As the story progressed (no spoilers don't worry!) the twist was surprising and completely unexpected, all of which led the player to a either/or type choice right at the end!"
76561198010071123,Recommended,257690,14758469,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Ketana,"Great game and story, some of the best 7.7 hours used in an point&click for a long time"
76561198025349191,Recommended,257690,16837530,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,InfiniteMass,"If you like beautiful exploration and puzzle games, this game is it. I played through twice just to investigate everything, make different choices, and get almost all the achievements.I like that you can save whenever you like. If you make a bad choice, you can reload a previous save and replay. However, it would be nice if the ""save"" allowed you to name the save. The saves just show a picture of the planet you were on and the time-stamp for the save. But since you need to go back to some locations more than once, it isn't always easy to determine which save is the one you want to load.Some puzzles were easy and others were terribly hard, but that made it more fun.Caveat: There is an area in the game where I repeatedly ran into a game bug that caused the game to crash. The issue has been reported by a number of people. So saving beforehand is critical to avoid a lot of replay if you encounter the problem.On Zenobia, the water planet, save before you enter the submarine. The bug occurs when you are figuring out how to deal with the underwater electrifying creature.[Updated after playing the DLC - Untold Story]The DLC consists of 5 batches of 10 schematics to solve like those in the original game. I really love doing those puzzles, so I was very happy. As you finish a set of schematics you get a ""story board"" version of the back story on J.U.L.I.A and Rachel. To be honest, you probably already guessed the general gist of the back story while playing the original game.Con: I finished all puzzles in less than one day.  I would recommend waiting for a good sale price because of the short game play."
76561197970302383,Recommended,257690,16874779,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Skare,This game makes you feel of being completely alone in deep space and I love it! Great story. Great gameplay. One achievement seems to be bugged and another one is just a pain to get but all others are no problem. I'll recommend this to every sci-fi / space exploration adventure loving gamer.
,Recommended,257690,16647159,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,zebez,"This was an ok adventure game. The first few areas felt fun and interesting, but as the game went on the areas didn't feel as developed. I would recommend the game if you pick it up on a sale. I did enjoyed it despite it's shortcomings for the amount I paid.Pros+ Interesting puzzles+ Good music & artstyle+ Good atmosphereCons- The overhanging story didn't grab me- Too few puzzles- Only the first areas really felt fleshed out"
,Recommended,257690,12118359,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Somerlot,This is my first adventure style game I have purchased and played through. I usually am not intrigued by this genre of playstyle. I bought this based on reviews and the context of the story. The story of this game was very absorbing. The UI was intuitive and puzzles were coherant with the story and enviornments. Very fun game to play!
,Recommended,257690,23011186,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Rammix RL_chat_off,"A good game, but it has some serious drawbacks.I'll try to describe it in pro/con-s.Pros:- Beautiful scenes- Interesting oldschool-ish space scifi story- The main characters are voiced nicely- Couple of interesting puzzles; average to good mysteries combined into the main story- Linux supportCons:- Most puzzles are not so good: bad controls and.. idk how to explain it but they're boring. Not all but most of them- Despite scenes being animated and somehow 3d-like, they feel flat: just points of interest which can be clicked, and that's it - no camera panning, no walking etc. It's just a 2D point-click game with 3d-like scenes- HUD is primitive- The story is linear, it has 2 endings but you just choose between them in the very end, plus see some short consequences after that- Poor optimisation (at least on linux)- Not replayableDespite all the cons, the game in general has something which makes me recommend it. Apparently, the pros outweigh the cons, after all."
,Recommended,257690,14456275,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,theHappyDance,"I liked this game. It has an interesting story and pretty visuals. The soundtrack also matches it quite nicely. It's an impressive showing from a development team of two.The puzzles were a mix of basic, straightoward clicking/exploration and some rather arbitrary puzzles towards the end. There were several pattern and decryption games I found interesting, but for the most part the puzzles are more random than logical (fortunately, the majority of them are simple and linear). I would've liked to see more logical puzzles that stemmed from the gameplay and clues you found, and had to piece together, but this was largely absent. The closest it came to that was key codes and the Mind-O-Matic parts that really just amounted to testing your short-term memory (or ability to write things down). The Mind-O-Matics were particularly frustrating because they were fairly arbitrary and it had less to do with having the correct sequence of events, and more to do with having the exact solution the authors came up with (made worse by the lack of a meaningful log mechanic to easily view previously discovered information). I likewise found most of the ""history / translation"" exercises clumsy and arbitrary, which was unfortunate.This isn't really a deal-breaker though, because you don't play this game for the puzzles; more for the atmosphere, music, and story, which more than make up for it. It's a narrative-driven game, and it does a good job of maintaining that without feeling too linear.It's a nice story, in an engrossing atmosphere that will keep your interest until the end. It's not really a puzzle game (at least the puzzle elements really aren't so strong, and due to their often arbitrary nature (with the exception of a few solid pattern-matching excercises) you shouldn't feel guilty if you want to consult a guide to help move you along. I wouldn't recommend this at full price, but on sale for 50% off or more, I would say it's definitely worth your money if you like this type of game.It's a nice little gem from a two-person inde team. It looks and feels like a game developed by a much larger dev team. Get it on sale and you'll definitely feel that you got your money's worth. It's a thoroughly enjoyable experience. I would rate it at about 5-8 hours worth of content (wasn't keeping track)."
76561197972889621,Recommended,257690,31569346,Posted: 5 May,all,mak,"This game has been a thought proviking game: the story of what happened to the expedition and why Rachel was left was left on the Probe was a very compelling reason to continue to play even though I found some of the puzzles a little tough.  However, perserverance paid off and the the endings, while brief, are good."
,Not Recommended,257690,26313403,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Zorfmorf,"I had some fun playing through it but in the end the story is a bit too bland and unimaginative, leaving you with lots of open questions. Especially the endings were a big letdown, basically missing any kind of conclusion which leaves you feeling robbed after wading through all the puzzles.The puzzles are too simple. It constantly throws new puzzle types at you (which is the fun part) but they are never too hard and usually the difficult part is figuring out the controls and user interface, not the actual puzzle in itself."
,Recommended,257690,17337005,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Frigidman,"Good point and click sci-fi adventure with some mind teaser puzzles. Some will definitely make you go ""that HAS to be right, why isn't it solving!!??""... only to have goofed on one tiny order. Others are good logic solving ones. Graphics are pretty, but it could have done with a bit more animation. Audio was borderline bad, not enough controls to adjust the overloud voices from the general sound effects.The achievements though in this game are a joke, and you should not even bother with them. One is broken and impossible to get, and a couple others are immersion breaking stupidity. So, just ignore them and enjoy the adventure. If only Steam had a way to ""disable achieves on this game"", that would make them not bother you!It could have done with a bit more UI advancements (like allowing scroll wheel, and some keyboard shortcuts), but it wasn't super painful that it lacked.Good game though overall, and I do reco it, at a sale."
76561198083880494,Recommended,257690,18530679,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,snakestail,"Very pretty game, easy to jump into, the puzzles are varied and interesting, some I found tricky some less so. The voice acting was well done, the story was good, it made me want to keep finding out what went on, what happened down there on the planet/s and why.Very impressed."
,Recommended,257690,20374206,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Bort,"This is one of those games you'll only play once or twice. That said, it's worth it. JULIA very much puts me in mind of the old point and click games from the 90s, although with updated graphics and effects. The storyline is good, although it did lead to a point where I had figured out the big puzzle before the game told me, and there were a few occasions where I wanted to do something, knowing it would come in useful later, but it just wouldn't let me until I had the correct objective.For being a studio with just a couple of people working there, JULIA felt very polished, and the voice over work was highly professional.It won't take too long for you to complete this game, but it is a good story.Oh, and just to quickly add...I WANT A MOBOT!!!"
,Recommended,257690,18211235,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ozzyoscy,"One of the best point-and-click games I've ever played.That this was pretty much made by two guys with a budget of a few thousand crowdfunded dollars is incredible.I took a risk buying this game. I like space settings, but know that point-and-clicks is hardly a hotbed for groundbreaking games, but this exceeded expectations. This is a remake/update of an earlier game, which form the looks of it was a bit crap, but here no shortcuts were taken in making this a proper game.The standard is way more professional than it has any right to be, the graphics are yummy, the voice acting and writing isn't as awful as you'd imagine. Even the few comedy bits inserted in notes or conversation were funny. Most of the puzzles aren't ridiculously hard, but still challenging.One of the endings ends abruptly without satisfaction, and the plot goes a bit (ok, a lot) weird and maybe drags a bit, but overall this was an enjoyable experience of making futuristic screens go bloop bleep."
76561198138243323,Recommended,257690,14460516,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,V̧ ̶̡͡o͏̴͝ ̨̀X̧͞x̷̢,"Absolutely Gorgeous Audio and Visuals, puzzles are challenging but fair, and an interesting story with a few nice twists thrown in. My only complaints would be that it was relatively short (my 20hrs or so reflects 2 playthroughs), and that while the puzzles are fun, they win no awards for originality. 7.846/10, get it on sale."
,Recommended,257690,19139012,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Psikik1,"The first game I've played start-to-finish in a while, J.U.L.I.A.: Among the Stars is a fantastic story and puzzle game. You take on the role of Rachel Manners, an astrobiologist who left Earth to explore a nearby star system that was emitting an artificial signal. You awake to alarms and your ship's computer, JULIA, informing you that a meteor storm has cause significant damage to the ship.This opening sequence introduces you to two of the three primary characters and the interfaces and puzzles you'll encounter. JULIA is the exploration ship's artificial intelligence. She wakes you from your cryoslumber to inform you of an on-board emergency. The ship has encountered a meteor storm and there are fires, gases and electrical issues that need to be addressed.After the initial danger has passed, JULIA informs you that you are the only surviving member of the expedition. Additionally, some of her memory has been corrupted and she is unable to access or reconstruct the events preceding your awakening. JULIA identifies your position and identifies a mobile laboratory on the nearby planet. She introduces MOBOT, a reconnaissance robot, that you can use to explore the planet and the lab.You continue to explore the star system, create upgrades for MOBOT, discover the fate of your expedition members and solve many puzzles. All of these add up to an enjoyable experience that I finished in about eight hours. While some of the story is telegraphed and on trope, the characters, pacing, environments and music are fantastic.J.U.L.I.A.: Among the Stars isn't the best game out there, but it is a terrific experience. I picked it up on a Steam sale and would recommend you do the same. A capable protagonist, balanced supporting cast, compelling mystery, and interesting gameplay makes this a highly recommended game."
,Recommended,257690,18627662,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,txster,"A great point-and-click type sci-fi adventure. The ship's AI is at times annoyingly opiniated but I really like the exploration and story.Works great on Linux, too. Do hate mutually exclusive achievements - different runs would play exactly the same so I'm not doing it."
76561198027970967,Recommended,257690,14451414,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Nicholas Hawkwood,"+ Decent story and characters. You'll actualy care about what's going on.+ Great design, visuals and music. This project was loved by its developers.+ Fantastic atmosphere of space exploration, protagonist is so alone and space is so vast and and full of misteries.+ Really original and fun interface.+ Numerous interesting puzzles, not too repetative.+ Nice balanced difficulty.- Poor point and click elements, poor inventory system.- The game is linear, but sometimes it teases you about choices which do not matter.- You can see low budget here and there.- Buggy Mac version."
,Recommended,257690,27075725,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Níghts,"This game is excellent if you're into space, planets, exploration, adventure and solving puzzles. Complete each expedition to go to the next mystery."
,Recommended,257690,16514406,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Lenimph,A truely steller experience.  One of the most cinematic point and clicks I have ever played and it had a thought provoking story to boot. I definitely recommend this to fans of adventure games or sci-fi games.
,Recommended,257690,29402284,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Although the overarching plot is fairly straightforward and predictable, exploring the environments in J.U.L.I.A. and learning the details of the events that lead up to the ending is hours of fun."
76561198016982546,Recommended,257690,14581695,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Say What again!!!,"In short terms: Interstellar like story with chick with british accent (instead of MM) but with much less Nolan and black holes.In longer terms: It is a nice sci-fi adventure based on classic p'n'c mechanics with the touch of some modern beautiful visuals and a good atmosphere.Enter the space shoes and thoughts of biologist Rachel Manners, (accompanied by some well mannered A.I.'s) the only living survivor of expedition that went horibly wrong. What happend light years from our home and why was she only one kept alive is a mystery. Help her uncover the truth.Like in almost every other point and click game out there, gameplay is based mostly on clicking on almost static images, looking for clues and so on. There is some backward storytelling through a lot of dialogues, but the best part of the game is story itself and there is a constant feeling that drives you forward to reveal the next tiny piece of the greater picture. Slow paced story revealing is great but once you finish it, everything is revealed and replay value drops basicaly to zero. And if you belong to the group of people that don't like to read or listen too much then this game is not for you. As you go along be prepare for some riddles and some peculiar puzzles but don't worry, they are not Broken Sword level.Game lenght is fair enough. If you take your time there is 11-12 hours but if you hurry you can finish it under 7 or 8. The price on the other hand is somewhat high and I would suggest to buy this on action sales - but let's be fair - it is a indie game mady by two people and for what it's has to offer, it is a great game.To wrap it up I would definitely recommend this but to p'n'c and sci-fi genre lovers only.8/10"
,Recommended,257690,14577727,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Woody,"A beautiful story, supported by a great soundtrack, excellent graphics and good puzzles, you'll easily spend 8+ hours in one sitting going through this game"
76561198056980805,Recommended,257690,29131849,Posted: 8 January,all,KarmaPaymentPlan,"This one has been on the wishlist for a long time. It ended up being different than I expected, for some reason I was expecting something like the old iron-helix game. Anyways the puzzles were good, the only ones I had trouble with were the story centric ones, mainly because for some reason the story never really grabbed me. It was good enough, a few twists and turns, but it just felt like something was missing from it.All in all the game had no glitches that I ran into, the interface was smooth, and after reading a walkthrough at the end to make sure I got most of everything, I saw you can do it in various orders too, which is a huge plus if you get stuck in one area you can go to another."
76561197988012862,Recommended,257690,16687686,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,mendel,"Good & solid SciFi point & click adventure.Interesting story, interesting planets, interesting sentient aliens, may take 7-10 hours. The voice acting and the graphics and the interface are good enough to bring this home.The puzzles are fair: I went to awalkthroughonce for the lifeform fight on Xenobia, and that was obvious in hindsight; and for some entirely optionalMind'o'Maticswhich may require some card juggling (interchange ""the crew"" and ""the expedition"", or ""was"" and ""has been"") to get it to be accepted. (Some slight niggles like the ""explosive"" Nitrogen, but who cares).I enjoyed it a lot, and recommend this game.You won't miss much if you don't get the DLC; seemy review."
76561198098417443,Recommended,257690,33044219,Posted: 30 June,all,Mysti_Fogg,"Apocalypse Logs Now!J.U.L.I.A.  is an indie gem: The story is intricate, the music is a lovely mix of soothing with hints of creepy, and the graphics are some of the best the indie scene can offer.You are Rachel Manners, an astrobiologist who was not woken from cryo-stasis with the rest of the crew. It is only an emergency collision that leads to you being awoken to put out the literal fires. Once you've stabalized the ship, it's time to find out where everyone went and why you were left behind. Slowly you explore the solar system, gathering the crew's writings, images, and videos from across several planets to discover what happened to this cursed expedition. Beteween times you solve various puzzles from creating logic links (mind-o-matic) to decoding messages and languages to completing science-based tasks. J.U.L.I.A is a perfect blending of puzzles and story.I do have some criticisms: Some of the directions for the puzzles aren't really helpful (alien language translation), sometimes MOBOT (the other AI) reacts emotionally to things despite not supposedly having an emotion program (Julia avoids this problem because she is supposed to have emotions),  and I would have liked more apocalypse logs and more exploration of the submarine and the ice base. The lip syncing on Rachel also doesn't match the dialogues very well -- I noticed it and that kind of thing generally doesn't bother me.On the whole, though, this is a great game and I'm very happy to have played it. 4 out of 5 stars."
76561198176301233,Recommended,257690,33183509,Posted: 3 July,all,NS Plover,I got this during the summer sale and was very pleasantly surprised by it. I enjoyed just about everything about it except for one puzzle about turning on four beacons in a short amount of time (I hate timed puzzles).  I thought that the storyline and the voice acting were excellent and the gameplay was enjoyable. One warning to achievement hunters is that if you want to 100% you need to get the DLC since the game has achievements for Untold that you cannot get in the base game.
76561197970498490,Recommended,257690,14333434,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,joshua.brierton,"So I found this game while looking for a new Space Adventure of some sorts. Didn't need to be high action and fast paced like Mass Effect just something that had a decent story and a good ""feel"" to it. Something to lose myself in. J.U.L.I.A.: Among the Stars.... sort of delivers on this.The potential in this game was pretty big right from the on set. Interesting bit of mystery, fairly cool looking world, and a ship you could get attached to. Better yet the game play has a Myst like vibe to it.I got nice and comfortable and figured this'd take a few weeks to solve along the lines of a game like Myst (URU being my fav because of the 3rd person aspect of it)... And boom. Done the second night I played it... And that... right there... is my issue.Ok the plot in the end is somewhat guessable, who are the good guys, bad guys and what not. You see some lovely scenery, there's some funny (if a bit stilted) dialoge (in their favor most of your interactions are with computers so there is that). But it's just not that hard a game to beat. The hardest parts deal with trying to piece together history... so much like school if you have a rather decent memory for everything that is said you'll cruise through this. I don't... and I still cruised.Would I recommend this game? Mmmnnnnyeah? If it's on an awesome sale yes. Otherwise... I don't feel I got my full money's worth.If you're into puzzle games with twisted puzzles, weird plots, and just sort of... comfortable to play... I recommend checking out Myst: Uru. It's old and sure it's convoluted but it'll take ya a bit longer and heck... it's cheap."
,Recommended,257690,15024919,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Fishzerg,"This a good point and click adventure with a sci-fi theme and a good amount of mystery. It looks great, very detailed graphics, sound and voicing is fine. Game-play wise it is pretty varied, you will try to crack codes, put two and two together in stories, and solve a good amount of logical puzzles with different interfaces. Game feels nicely polished and at certain moments the atmosphere is top notch in terms of a mysterious aura with a looming presence of danger.I suggest this game to puzzle and point and click game fans, but I also have some criticism: the game's story became too abstract at certain point (and since some puzzles are directly related to the plot, they too became too strange and difficult to solve, since the plot was hard to follow). I wish the game remained on more or less the same perspective it had in the beginning: mysterious, concentrated, spooky. But I guess this is rather a matter of personal taste."
,Recommended,257690,16924664,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Exploding-Bob,"An very interesting, catching and twisting story, great atmosphere for a low budget adventure. The puzzles are not too overwhelmingly difficult and fit natutally into the scenery / story flow, which is rare enough - big plus here. And esp., that one of the two endings, while not entirely unpredictable has a nice emotional impact. A warning though: Take notes! The game refers occationally to earlier topics that you need to have understood. And there are some logical & science-breaking mistakes, too."
,Recommended,257690,16947934,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Kenderr,"Great story, interesting puzzles. I feel that i spent right the money with this game."
76561198039545867,Recommended,257690,16910633,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,dubliu,"I've been a gamer for over 20 years, not disclosing my age though :pI played FPS, MOBA, MMO, RTS, TBS, RPG... J.U.L.I.A gave me a feeling like never before, its simple, yet with enough depth to capture my imagination, I literally immersed into the character while playing it, without the presence of lore like the Starwars or Lord of the rings; character backstory like dragonage series; or top of the line graphics like skyrim.By the end of the game, I was even so in sync with the character that I wanted to find out what happen to her.Trust me, buy it, you will not regret it.anddontaskanymore"
76561198011912721,Recommended,257690,14630397,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,ExplorerRowan,"Wow. I am blown the heck away. I just finished. Give me a little time for it to sink in, and I might be able to write a more cogent review."
76561198151512748,Recommended,257690,21219012,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Fleur de Skinny,Great game! I will play it again :)+ thrilling story+ nice characters and syncro+ music /grafic- some of the puzzles are really mean and they are described poorly- pixel hunting in one scene
,Recommended,257690,15012486,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Dory,Beautiful sci-fi point-and-click from two czech developers
,Recommended,257690,13507422,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,marcin,Great game for everyone who loves sci-fi and science.
,Recommended,257690,13210179,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Dysordra,"This game has a bit of everything that I love; exploration in beautiful scenery, good depth to the adventure and it didn't make me feel like I was being funelled through a linear storyline.  The game is interspersed with contextual puzzles, which could honestly stand to be a little more challenging, but they aren't the real focus anyway.  The interplay between the three characters is humorously representative of what dialogue between a human, computer AI and robot might be like and is downright amusing a lot of the time.For me, the whole game is reminiscent of DOS point-and-click puzzle/adventure games, modernised and executed beautifully.  If you like your games to require pen and paper in order to keep track and stitch together the pieces that you pick up along the way, I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,257690,14908103,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,lake.kubilius,"An excellent sci-fi adventure game.  The story is solid, especially early, starting off as arguably an involved mystery tale.  The transition from mystery to more pure sci-fi near the midpoint makes for a game that feels remarkably original.Negative points exist, but usually seem self-conscious and apologetic.  There's one action sequence in particular that could have easily infuriated adventure game purists.  But it actively makes itself easier in response to player failure.  As such, it ends up working just fine.There are some occasional annoying liberties taken with science concepts, but they're usually forgiveable enough to just ignore.  Though one did stand out as groan-worthy for me (having to do with alleged dangers of nitrogen gas).In all, this game was better than I expected it to be.  Very engaging."
,Recommended,257690,18779244,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Mighty Pillow,"JULIA Among the Stars is an excellent game. Its a point and click style game, but the pointing and clicking never gets old! The story is also great. Manners wakes up to an empty ship, and you play the game trying to figure out what happened to the rest of the crew. There is also JULIA, the ship AI, and MOBOT, the loveable robot that you control while exploring the different planets.I liked that there was a button that would tell you all the clickable objects in the area. Very helpful. Every planet was gorgeous and looked different from the rest. I liked the voices of JULIA and MOBOT, but Manner's voice sounded too much like she was another AI rather than a human.However, there was a massive game altering bug I encountered. Well, before I mention it, I will say that the developers clearly had a specific order in mind of the planets you visit. Once you leave the first planet and can travel to others, you can travel to any one you want but really there is a ""best"" option. I noticed this in the beginning and tried to mimic this order based on the direction the plot was going.Well, I just happened to stumble on an achievement that talks about a hidden planet. Assuming that this was just an added secret to the game, I went and found it. I shortly realized that I accidentally skipped a nice chunk of the game, because all of a sudden the game was ending. If the developers had a sequence of planets that they based the game's story on, do the players a favor and block the player from accessing planets ahead in the sequence!I did end up going back and playing through the parts I missed, but it wasn't the same.The game was good, but it would have been great had I played it in the right order.Also, there are no jump scares."
76561198052026940,Not Recommended,257690,25578490,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,jhous,"Could be a good game with a little more work.  There just doesn't seem to be any obvious flow to it.  I mean you get a small phrase about what your next goal should be.  However, then you are on your own.  After you literally hover over everythng on the screen and interact with it (if you can), you are left with, ""Well, what next?"".  I'm not dumb.  I don't want or need hand holding in a game; been playing them for over 20 years and I've played all kinds from shooters to stategy, to RPG, to MMO, to Adventure, to Console.  The game seems to be several good ideas poorly strung together.  The ingame puzzles are not bad but after spending over 2 hours on a ""learn an alien language"" puzzle (with no clear outline of how you know when the task is finished) only to have the game crash and send me way back in the game, I packed it up.  No worth the time.  This is MY opinion.  Some of you (based on your reviews) loved it.  I am very glad for you.  I wish I felt the same."
76561198106013105,Not Recommended,257690,25978934,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Galactic Origins,"Wonderful looking game. I love the British accent for the main character.However, I found the game broken. First, the hints are not good enough to get the key code numbers. I had to usea steam guide to get anywhere with the key codes.The first mystery had no answers. Did I miss something?Then, I had to build a component. Easy enough, except I had no straight line connectors to connect anything with.I don't know. Other players seem to have played it, and I liked what I could do in the game, as in what did work, but am so lost and was not fun."
,Not Recommended,257690,12363047,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,NiftySwifty,"This isn't a bad game, and I played it all the way through so that must say something.  With that said, you can see the ending coming from a mile away, some of the puzzles are frustratingly silly, and the dialogue is incredibly corny at times.  If you get it on sale for under $10, I'd say go for it.  Otherwise it's probably not worth it."
,Recommended,257690,16563499,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ZanyScum,"Something over 16 hours for a playthrough (22/31 achievements).No Bugs, no crashes, no problems.I don't like most adventures.Nevertheless my favourite adventures:- Blade Runner- Culpa Innata- J.U.L.I.A.So, why do I like JULIA?First of all, the story is something new, something I did not expect. Not the save the world/girl story you normally get.Then..my main problem with normal adventures is: the puzzles. They are boring and they appear at the worst time, when I want to continue with the story I have to find out how I can use a piece of gum, a hook and whatver you fancy to do something which is just plain stupid and not interesting.Not so here.If you find a tablet and want to access it and it is password protected, then you have to do something. Simple.If an animal prohibits you from going through a room, you have to do something. Simple :)The puzzles in this game are fun and you normally don't need Google or a walkthrough, because you can do it yourself.In the whole game is only one puzzle where you have limited time, but even if you fail, the repeating is NOT done in a way to make the game as long as possible, you just start the puzzle again. So it still is fun, even if you fail some times.The voices and the music and the graphics are all good. The controls are minimal and the interfaces for the mini-games are perfect.Whoever designed the user interfaces is really good at his job.So, what happens in this game? Of course, if you continue to read, you get some spoilers, sorry.You explore the planets of a solar system and find out what happened to the others of your crew. To be able to do this you have to read a lot and think sometimes a bit. You do NOT have to check all spots again and again all the time.IF you have to go to a spot you already where, then it is so clear to you because of the story that you don't even think about ""where do I have to go"".This game is great! If you have not played it, you are missing something really good."
,Recommended,257690,16475595,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kythis,"A surprisingly comfortable point-and-click adventure game with a varied amount of psuedo 'open-world' in the vein of allowing you to visit multiple planets at one time although you're slightly restricted in some aspects until you unlock certain schematics that upgrade your exploration robot.Long-winded run-on sentence aside. I had this on my wishlist for a few months and grabbed it during the summer Sale. I am very happily surprised with how intriguing the game is. The 'puzzles' differ enough to where you are not consistently completing the same exact type of inputs and 'games' to find a solution. The dialogue is rather decent if you ignore the attempts at jokes from the human and two robots in the game. Otherwise, environments are plenty and pretty, characters are established, plot does not seem like generic tripe--STEALTH EDIT: The game is absolutely spectacular and I especially enjoyed the last quarter of the game's plot--and as someone who rarely plays adventure games, I am fully pleased with my purchase.I can only hope this developer makes another game with similar aspects and I hope that anybody else who reads this and purchases the game enjoys it as much as I currently am."
,Recommended,257690,16404019,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,AllGamer,"Good Story, It's a interesting mystery to be solved.Like playing a narrative movie.Acceptable graphics.The user interface, and play style is very  much like the good old Space Quest, King Quest sort of games.But it is a lot less funny than Space Quest.Space Quest is hilarious compared to this.This is a great modern game to introduce to young kids, interested in space exploration or detective type games."
,Recommended,257690,16561807,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dragon Reborn,"A brilliant and well-written indie title, with quite amazing animation and graphics. The visuals in space were particularly well done. The story line was very intriguing, and while the journey to discover what happened to your crew can be a bit predictable at times, the ending delivers solidly, and can be bit a bittersweet.I had a minor glitch at one point where my mouse cursor got trapped in small square part of the screen, and could not proceed ahead or return back. Luckily had made a manual save just before starting this level, and booting the game from there thankfully resulted in this glitch not returning again.Otherwise a brilliant experience, and would definitely recommend this title to any fan of point-n-click, or space exploration, or a compelling sci-fi storyline."
,Recommended,257690,16807694,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,WoolleyMammoth,I've never played or liked puzzle games before but this one chagned my mind! It's definitely worth it! Perfect difficulty for new players playing their first ever puzzle game as well as optional more challenging puzzles for veterens.Would recommend - Best puzzle game I've ever played
76561197987866790,Recommended,257690,12954131,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Salamek[Archlinux],"Well done game, no bugs while playing, nice soundtracks, good puzzles and nice story.And works on Linux!"
,Recommended,257690,14927806,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Stevezies,"I'm usually not a fan of point-and-click adventures, but this one caught my eye for some reason.  The puzzles are engaging and fun, the music is great, and the story left me wanting more and more.  Definitely worth a try."
76561197968183299,Recommended,257690,14929543,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Eager,"This is a fun weekender with several cleverly designed puzzles, attractive graphics and decent dialogue all fitted to a standard SF plot with an entertaining but predictable twist ending."
76561198068709713,Recommended,257690,14966060,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Wood,"Great game. Was very surprised. Compelling story, challenging puzzles, great graphics. Basically, you explore different planets, solving puzzles to figure out what happened to a missing interplanetary scientific expedition. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,257690,15033236,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,nagzi,"Overall I enjoyed J.U.L.I.A., it had a good story. The game's interface is pretty easy to use and navigate and there are hopefully hints when it might not be. However some of the puzzles didn't really make since for me and I had to cheat by looking up solutions for them on the internet.I would wait until this game goes on sale before purchasing it, it'll only give you 10-12 hours of play"
76561198048895626,Recommended,257690,16405585,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,vadersson,"I have only played a bit so far, but this game is a lot of fun.  There are a wide variety of puzzles, but so far nothing so hard as to make me tear my hair out.  The story seems to flow very well, and there is a fair amount of mystery.  Not what I would call a hard core game, but cetainly a fun game.If you want a fun space based mystery, this is pretty good."
76561198080482559,Recommended,257690,14464360,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,NRieh,"A beautiful puzzle\quest with a good story and awesome music. I wish fonts were slightly bigger plenty of reading there), but that's  not a big issue. Got it on sale, but was going to buy it anyway. If you're into quests and love space-sci-fi - you're going to love it."
76561198030083207,Recommended,257690,14490341,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,drkwood,"I recommend it, but only on sale (which is when I got it). It was a mildly interesting story but very path-driven. Some of the puzzles were very annoying as well, but there were only a few that I decided to consult a walkthrough on after hammering away at them for several minutes with no signs of success.I did enjoy the detail in the videos and scenery."
,Recommended,257690,14611973,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Jalabula Jens,Excellent point and click adventure with myriad puzzles of varying difficulty and a deep story line.
76561197970887820,Recommended,257690,14557583,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Mandrake42,"A solid and intriuging adventure game set in the depths of space. Your character is awakened from suspended animation with no recollection of what has happened to find that the ship she is on has suffered severe damage. After dealing with the situation she and the ships AI set out to discover what has happened and what has become of the rest of the crew. I dont want to say more as this is a game you dont want spoilers for. Due to the hostile nature of the various worlds in the system you find yourself in, you explore their surfaces by means of a remote controlled robot as you search each planet for clues and solve various puzzles to help you progress. The game features great world building and good writing and solving the mystery of the variours crew members becomes quite compelling as things get quite dark indeed.+ Good world building+ Compelling mystery+ Good writing- Some ambIguitiy in some of the puzzles8 out of 10"
76561198025228636,Recommended,257690,14572507,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Rhea,"I would highly reccomend this game to anyone who yearns for the point-and-click days of yore. It has that wonderful old-school feel to it, but without being stale. I definitely raced through this one. And some of the puzzles are genuinely difficult, but I'd say most of them were do-able. (I definitely searched for a few solutions though, mostly because I was impatient to see the story unfold!)Even though I could see the ending coming--or where it was headed--it unfolded in a way that was unexpected and genuinely surprising, which was an utter delight. To me that might be the highest praise of all. To be able to surprise and please, even after proving my suspicions correct? That's good storycrafting.Some of the puzzles are genuinely difficult, but for the most part they aren't usually too punishing, but there are several encounters/tasks that might be considered robust challenges, even for seasoned puzzle gamers.  I had one or two interface glitches in the game, but very late, and only related to one specific puzzle, other than that, it ran smoothly."
76561198027284352,Recommended,257690,14603857,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,sapling,"Fantastic adventure game. The puzzles are logical but tricky for the most part, and the story is also good. I'm trying to figure out why Steam didn't put this in my Recommendations Queue sooner, but I'm glad they finally did.it's not a pixel-hunt and I found myself enjoying the puzzle completion, the environments, and figuring out what was going on with the story."
,Recommended,257690,14687761,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,thecheyenneing,"Wonderful game! In-depth puzzles require logic and creative, out-of-the-bos reasoning skills. Interesting story provides an air of mystery as you explore space with J.U.L.I.A. and answer the age-old detective question: what happened?"
76561198129236672,Recommended,257690,20794412,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Marcinos1985,"Myst in SpaceI had to take some time to write this review, instead of doing it after the ending (as usually done). It is because I had very mixed feeling. Expectations were definetely high, this game seemed to have a lot potential. It indeed does, but in the end I find it rather mediocre. There are two reasons:Puzzles are unfortunately disappointing. Often poorly explained, utterly hard when you don't know what to do. But as soon as you get to know them, they pse no challenge.There are severeal stages in this game which are frustrating. Example - during one planet landing, you've got to paint a rectangle on screen, matching your clues. You may get superbly lucky and find it quickly (unprobable) or you will spend dozens of minutes just trying find several right pixels. Extremely unrewarding, I wanted to uninstall game because of this. And there are more such an 'obstacles'Except of these nuissances, this game is a typical 'Myst-game'. Static screens, gathering of stuff, doing small puzzles. Plot is interesting, but for me moderately engaging. On the contrary, I liked space environment very much, voice-acting and very diversified locations. In the end I would rate it somewhere between 6-7 out of 10. It is nice game and if you tolerate some flaws, you will have fun. In other case, rage-uninstall is more than probable."
,Recommended,257690,29262101,Posted: 14 January,all,Lipox24,A beautiful game that harkens back to the days of Myst. I love this games story and the puzzle aspects (though I sucked at some of them). By far and away one of the better point and click adventure games I've played. 10/10 would play again.... might play some more now in fact...
,Recommended,257690,18537909,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Ciphernull,Interesting little sci-fi game. Medium-ish difficulty puzzles. Graphics are nice - you get to play space-forensic on several planets!
76561197960699695,Recommended,257690,18416148,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,[EGBT]Manual,"It's a good space sci-fi adventure.  Has some good puzzles, point-click exploration, good story-telling and direction.  Visuals are good and enhance the feel of the game.   Not for action-oriented folk.  Take a look at the video provided on the store page, as it gives you a good idea of the cut-scenes and actual gameplay involved.  Thumbs up, especially when it's on sale."
76561198017889479,Recommended,257690,15316753,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Asylum,"Great adventure! Very relaxing game, loved it from beginnig to end."
,Recommended,257690,16640063,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Torus,"The short version:On the whole, this game may not be worth full price. But if you're a fan of point & clickers, you'll want to keep an eye on a good deal for it.The long version:You're the last survivor of a space expedition, woken up from cryogenic sleep because of an emergency. Now you get to find out what happened to the others.This being an adventure game, you do so by solving various puzzles, aided by an AI and getting a cool robot to explore the various hostile environments.The good:- Graphics & sound are pretty well done- Plot is quite typical, but well-told and nicely fleshed out. It's easy to get sucked into the setting of the game.- Wide variety of puzzles & challengesThe bad:- Most puzzles are a bit on the easy side.- Interface can be clunky at times"
76561198041647201,Recommended,257690,23962673,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Otaku Tako,"A sci-fi point and click, puzzle, space exploration game with a solid storyline. I had to look up some walkthroughs because some of the puzzles were just bizarre and had unclear instructions, but overall an enjoyable experience. Definitely unlike any other game I've played. Pick it up on sale!"
,Recommended,257690,19274337,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Myra Hotchkiss,"I played this game a while ago and still think about it occasionally.Story, dialogues, music and graphics done right!"
76561197970083635,Recommended,257690,23043572,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,SciBoy,"Interesting adventure game, with a home-made (but grade A home-made) feeling to it. The story is front and center here, in every sense. I'm not totally blown over by the story, but it is good enough and the gameplay is enjoyable.I would recommend it if you like point-and-click adventures where there is a certain IQ-test element to it, where the game just doesn't explain what you're supposed to do. You have to figure it out yourself.It is not a very long game (as you can see on the hours played, I can add that I played the first 20-30 minutes of the game 3 times, at least because of computer problems)."
,Recommended,257690,17560621,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,gully foyle,this is a flawless adventure game folks.
76561197970346063,Recommended,257690,17562355,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,manji,"It has a good sci fi story, and the puzzles are well done."
,Not Recommended,257690,25381484,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Narf,"If you're running Linux, don't buy this one.Too many glitches made it literally unplayable on my old laptop, and the new one won't even start it."
,Recommended,257690,16409830,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,nitroflow,For the 5€ I paid on sale it's definitely worth it and I couldn't stop playing until the end once I started. The story is predictable but enjoyable nonetheless and the puzzles are enjoyable as well.
,Recommended,257690,16588615,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Usandru,"An interesting but heavily flawed game, worth a look if on sale.JULIA starts alright, gets stronger early, and then fizzles silently and without fanfare as the game goes on. The initial premise is fine, if not particularly amazingly executed, and the first exploration and examination of what happened to the lost crew is both well-written and haunting.Unfortunately the rest of the game doesn't ever quite match up, not helped by some ultimately rather unimpressive voice acting and dialogue.The truly cringeworthy stuff happens only towards the end, as old and bad SF tropes are trotted out to prop up an equally old and bad SF morality play about human aggression, violence, peace, the Other and the consequences of our actions.Still, while hardly an impressive game by any means, it has heart and a certain naive charm that makes it just about sufficiently endearing that the final hours of gameplay are tolerable, and the ultimate fate of JULIA, Rachel Manners, the probe and the alien solar system are compelling enough to make you care. Even if only just a little bit."
76561197999801552,Recommended,257690,14331480,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Lowrider,"Gives you around 8h of exploring.I like how the game starts off.The end of the game seem rushed, Especially the puzzles became somewhat uninspired and boring.But hey, i liked it anyway. The story was okayish. Renderings are okay. Sound okay, voiceacting okay, gui okay, responsiveness okay.Overall i give it an okay."
76561197999163791,Recommended,257690,16410388,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,m1a1cavalryman,"So far this looks like an interesting and creative game, although I am a little put off that it crashed an hour and a half into the game and forced me to start over."
76561197998032601,Recommended,257690,16956786,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,inc_b,"Great fun, story keeps a nice pace with great suspense and fun world-building. Then it just ends. Could have used a little more of an epilogue after such an investment of time."
76561198043537931,Recommended,257690,16947773,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,dpc,Interesting story in this point-and-click adventure. I've enjoyed it.
,Recommended,257690,16947027,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Gandlof Foorgray,"Fantastic game, I just need about forty more hours of exploring new planets and solar systems! Puzzles could be very obtuse and strange (I didn't understand building the blueprints at any point at all, for example) but I also don't mind looking at hints to get past and back into the story."
,Recommended,257690,17001329,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,MidMad,"I definitely recommend the game to all the sci-fi and puzzle fans!A very interesting plot, nicely don graphics, unique atmosphere, and one of the best soundtracks I've recently heard.The game has just a few minor flaws (a small plot hole here and there, major piece of information revealed in the beginning of the game), but apart from that its overall idea and story as well as clever puzzles were very well executed.In general, I wish I'd known of J.U.L.I.A. sooner, I'd definitely had taken part in its crowdfounding campaign and supported its talented creators. I hat lots of fun playing the game!"
,Recommended,257690,17097735,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Lomsor,"A classical Adventure Game with many modern elements.This game has all the beauty we know from titles like Myst, it's great animation, but it's set in spaaaace. The story was worthy the Sci-Fi genre, though not extremely heavy, it still touches questions of morale and the human nature.Gameplay wise it plays quite fluidly, important codes are stored in a place, so you don't forget them. The difficulty curves of the puzzles is also pretty well balances. Though rather then getting more challenging, the puzzles only get more time consuming. If you play these games for the puzzles though, this isn't one for you. It's more about discorvering the story, exploring these distant worlds and engaging ... yes engaging with some of the characters. For a change there are two sophisticated AIs by your side, so even though you are the only human arround, there is still heavy conversation going on with Julia and Mobot. That's a big plus for me as I rather dislike the total solitude other games put you in.A cool Sci-Fi Adventure game that isn't too grim (relative to other titles :P) and too difficult. Good fun!"
,Recommended,257690,17167674,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,RedDreadnaught,"There are 2 things that I really enjoyed about this game.  First is the overall sense of being alone in space with nothing but robot A.I. for companionship.  The visuals, voice acting, ambient music, screen interfaces and story all set this up rather nicely.  The other thing I enjoyed was the way the game used familiar types of puzzles like substitution ciphers and pipe connections in challenging ways that felt intrinsic to the theme.  The focus is on following clues within the story and puzzle-solving.  No bloated inventory with a bunch of items to combine.The biggest gripe I had playing the game was the TINY (caps used for irony) text throughout the game.  There is a lot to read, and textual clues play a significant role, so why is it all so ridiculously small?  There were also a few places where I had trouble with hotspots, particularly at a point underwater when you have a limited field of vision, and there were levers to open doors that were very easy to miss, since all other similar doors in the game opened with ID cards or a keypad.I never pay full price for a point/click, and this is no exception.  If you're a space sci-fi fan, get it on sale and you'll likely have a good time with it, even if you predict the ending from a mile away."
,Recommended,257690,17045730,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,eltee,"(8.5/10)I wasn't sure what to expect when i picked JULIA up. I've always liked exploration and adventure games so I figured I would give it a shot.  I was actually pleasantly surprised.  There are some annoyances from a technical point of view (fixed resolution video comprises most of the gameplay, which is fine if your screen is exactly 720p or 1080p, not so super fine if not)  But overall from the very first moments, the story won me over.I do confess as a systems engineer, the opening scenes where the character laments she is not a systems engineer, had me sort of privately cracking up and going 'never fear, your player will save you!' but in the end the overall story is quite intriguing and carrys you well through the exploration and puzzle focused gameplay.I really did care for the agency/plight of Rachel (the protagonist) and uncovering the mystery of how she got into her current situation (and what happened to the rest of the crew) is very satisfying.While some of the 'mini game' systems were mildly annoying/repetitive, overall the game hasd enough of them of sufficient novelty/quality that any annoyances you have with any one or two of them shouldn't detract from the overall experience at all, and the main exploration gameplay is done very well and engagingly.Once or twice i felt somewhat at a loss as to how to progress, but re-tracing some steps usually stumbled me back on track.In the end, this is a worthy sci-fi take on a myst like exploration game and I do reccomend it to anyone who likes more relaxed discovery/mystery games."
76561198064392148,Recommended,257690,17142400,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,nenekonaf,"It was quite an enjoyable game. We play as Rachel, a scientist waking up as the only person alive on a spaceship after many years spent in cryosleep. To discover what happend to the expeditions crew, she is helped by Julia, an amnesic human-shaped AI computer, and Mobot, an exploration AI robot. The different planets of an unknown solar system can be explored. I quite loved the space exploration atmosphere. A reference to 2001: a space odyssee is made especially on one of the planet. One can freely explore, find and collect objects and alien samples, analyze them, hack passwords, assemble components parts... Diverse puzzles are encountered on the way. The least to say is that puzzles difficulty goes from extremely easy to easy, which was frustrating sometimes...I quite liked the beautiful graphics and the imagination brought in the game to describe alien life forms. The game tries to make you feel like a scientist, but still with a simple approach that maybe make this game more befitting to children.There is one huge mistake in the game one cannot miss. The developpers might have confounded Nitrogen with Hydrogen or another explosive gas, if this could be corrected.So, anyway, I might write a better review later, but if you enjoy beautiful visuals, freely exploring places, collecting objects, reading, an AI good sens of humor (Mobot) and dont mind too easy but very diverse puzzles, then you wont be disappointed by this game."
,Recommended,257690,17063834,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Aeonic22,"Decent diverse puzzles (many minigame puzzles too), some investigating, interesting story in an alien solar system, great visuals all made by one guy, soundtrack was good, not alienated or depressing.The main character is a normal person, maybe too normal, but it helps keep the story and gameplay in focus. The AI that is your conversation partner doesn't sound too artificial or indifferent, as most AIs in games tend to do.My playthru took 14 hours. Would recommend to anybody who likes SF and doesn't have ADD."
76561198145659113,Recommended,257690,17074416,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,GefliptyBrain,"I would describe this game as clever, immersive, refreshing, and intriguing. Though you can't move around freely through the 3D environments, you really feel part of the universe it portrays. The mystery and level of detail of the story keeps unfolding and keeps drawing you in the further you go. The use of analytic tools and environment exploration really gives a sense of being out in 'the field', doing research, gathering data. Some of the puzzles are real brainteasers too. The high-res graphics are really beautiful and realistic, the voice acting is good, and the characters are more than functional; you feel you get to know them as you go along. In short, J.U.L.I.A. really comes together as the sum of its parts, and makes for a great experience of a solid story. I really enjoy playing it."
,Recommended,257690,17136036,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Simon Law,"This adventure game does not have challenging puzzles nor is it possible to truly lose. It is really more of an interactive visual novel with a plot that is interesting and voice acting that is decent. I'd recommend it if you are fond of the genre, it was a fun way to spend an evening."
76561197988743879,Recommended,257690,17165507,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Barry Badrinath,Recommended if you want a good sci-fi story and used to like old Adventure Games.+ story+ puzzles+ visuals- short play time (10 hours and I can't see why I'd go back for more)
,Recommended,257690,34679450,Posted: 2 September,all,Emblem Parade,"This is a wonderful point-and-click adventure with a uniquely calm pace and strong sense of immersion.Though it contains a variety of puzzles and fun mini-games, most of the game plays like a visual novel with long conversations and observations. All these gameplay elements feel very well integrated around the story and the world. The graphics are very good, and though the music won't awe you it works well enough. The voice acting is excellent.But what makes J.U.L.I.A. especially alluring is how relaxing it is to play it. Despite a complex base narrative and sequence of tasks you need to perform, there is still enough breathing room to explore and learn about the environment. There is never a sense of urgency, as all tasks will be resolved at their own time (except for a handful of action sequences). Even the actors speak in calm and soothing tones.And though the story is quite good, it does get convoluted. This becomes a problem for a few optional puzzles that are basically quizzes about the story. Completing them requires keeping an overly meticulous diary of the order of events, specifically who did what to who and when. Even when I got the order of events correctly, piecing together ambiguous English sentences proved frustrating. These puzzles practically require a walkthrough. (Again: they are optional.)Finally, thank you, developers, for supporting Linux!"
,Recommended,257690,16906521,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,8one6,I think ultimately I would recommend this game. It has a great mix of puzzles and point and click adventure gaming. My biggest complaint is that Julia's and Mobot's voice acting are awful.
76561197979048083,Recommended,257690,16860171,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Emu,"Medium length point and click puzzle game.Includes a couple of choices through its duration.Personally i felt like there was just the right amount of puzzles for it to stay interesting, the game was good at keeping me engaged and curious, and the story was decent enough to be likeable.Apart from that it has a nice atmosphere to it.There will be a few puzzles which arent obvious at all, and for that i had to search for help online.Definitely a worthy challenge, so be prepared for a hint of frustration during the gameDon't expect to be completely blown away though, the game is good, but not a bestseller.If youre into a relaxing experience while being intellectually engaged this game is recommended for you, but certainly not for everyone.*EDIT*Forgot to mention the game is visually well done, not ""AMAZING"" but still enjoyable."
76561197969095559,Recommended,257690,16871047,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Tensor07,Considering the fact the game was created by a very small team I must admit this is great.  It's a simple point a click adventure with many puzzels to solve.  The game's story kept me interested all the way through.  The game is roughly 10 hours in length.  Great work team!  I'm looking forward to your next creation!
,Recommended,257690,14763023,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,S_Rajinto,"I wholly recommend this game. The graphics are wonderful. The storyline is engaging. The puzzles are fun. I picked it up on sale, but if you have the wallet for it, it's well worth the full price."
76561198035411236,Recommended,257690,14463331,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,CancerMan,"This game reminded me of Martian Gothic: Unification, released back in 2000. I LOVED that game. It was really atmospheric (three men stranded on the distant red planet), scary and mystical (corpses floating in the air on the silent Mars station), which had pretty good sci-fi explanation without any mysticism, the puzzles were adequate, it had a bit of action (spoiled by awful controls, but I could tolerate that), and the final choice in that game was really, REALLY, difficult to me. I almost cried. All outcomes seemed equally bad to me. I FELT something. Also, I loved the visuals, and loved the story.This game isn't that good.Puzzles are really easy and non-demanding. Constant chatting with mobot and Julia doesn't create the atmosphere of loneliness and being stranded in a foreign solar system. For some reason, all those dead people down on the surface didn't move me at all. It didn't feel like a tragedy. I wasn't really eager to know what happened there - it was obvious right from the beginning, though I was hooked by getting to know WHY that happened. Well, when I uncovered that, I was a bit disappointed - it was pretty silly and improbable in my opinion. I was pleased by a little moral twist in one of the endings (there are two of them, you have to decide shortly before the end of the game, and the game kindly makes autosave right before you make the decision, which is good), but that's all.The visuals are pleasing, and the music and voicing are good, but that's not enough to make me remember the game in a month.You might wonder then, why am I recommending it?Well, that's the first game in several years (!) that I've completed. That's the first game I've written a review for. Which means that, despite all my grumbling, it has some heart and managed to touch me in some way."
76561198005426490,Recommended,257690,14779283,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Resolver,"This was exactly what I wanted out of an adventure game.  Everything was enjoyable to interact with.  The art, voice acting, and overall story were great.  The puzzles weren't too difficult and I never get off track very long.  The experience reminded me how it felt to play games as a kid.  Got 11 great hours of entertainment out of it - 8/10"
76561197971132392,Recommended,257690,13384440,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Alimba,"JULIA was an amazing point and click adventure game, very unique in its kind with fully attractive scenario! It was a pleasure playing this game, and I strongly suggested to people who love sci-fi games and space..."
,Recommended,257690,13235260,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,looloospeaky8,"I LOVE this game! Great science fiction, excellent graphics, compelling story. Played for hours."
76561197970078168,Recommended,257690,14958001,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,hermetico,"Recommended.Nice point & click adventure game, nicelly sci-fi ambiented.The overall atmosphear is truly accomplish and, the sensation of being exploring outter world is there.The first third of the game is really good, since they introduce puzzles that are unique and different.The storyline is solid but not exceptional. It engages you, anyway.Graphics are superb even that, every screen is just a static 2D screen and, most of 'point-of-interest' spots have no relevance for the game.The plot is a tad confussing and, needs you to repeatly visit the planets, in a spiral incremental way.Some puzzles are really hard to figure out, because clues aren't of that help.After the first third of the game, puzzles start to repeat and, makes the progressing in the game a bit boring but, overall, the game maintains your interest on to go ahead to reveal the story.Overall, a good adventure game and, one of the very few which a sci-fi ambientation and story line so, it's very wellcome."
,Not Recommended,257690,26153055,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,[=NM=] Jutral,It was an entertaining Sci-Fi adventure until I reached a point where the buggy game couldn't progress any further. There's been a number of bugs (crashes and hangs) that still aren't addressed by the development team. Pass this up and find a game that has better support.
76561197970160656,Recommended,257690,12130228,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Cube,"I enjoyed it and I thought it was worth the price. Here is a partial breakdown:Art: Really fantastic throughout, except for the human character's animation which was a little weird.Story: I wanted to find out more all the way up to the ending big reveals, at which point it lost me a little as I thought a few parts were overly derivative. That is hard to avoid in science fiction, but that is how I felt.Characterization: Light. I think the main human's name was Rachel? She was an astrobiologist, was in cryo for some reason, and said the phrase ""horrible accident"" at some point. Thats about all I can remember. I thought the AI character was condescending, although I liked the MoBot character. Not a whole lot of depth there though. I can't really remember any of them having arcs.Gameplay: The hot-spot indentifier is a good idea, no pixel hunting at all basically. I thought the puzzles were fun and never  got stuck, although at some points I thought they were a little silly for what they represented.Overall:7.5/10"
,Recommended,257690,12099518,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,[BT]drunkytheclown,"Fairly short (about 6 hours full playthrough), but with an engaging story and setting. Gameplay is strictly puzzle based with only one puzzle that requires any sort of timing. With only two choices along the way replayability is low, and while the storyline is still satisfying enough, it would have been nice to see more potential endings.Overall I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a story driven puzzle adventure, but you should probably wait for a sale unless you're acutely lacking a game in this genre."
,Recommended,257690,12168357,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Gnome,"*Gnome Seal of Approval*At first the game didn't impress me. Mostly because of the low budget visuals. But as I kept playing for about an hour, the story about the derelict research station started to grab me. As I played on the story grew even more interesting and I ended up really liking the game. It's not a difficult game by any means, but the journey is very enjoyable. Highly recommended!"
76561197993862065,Not Recommended,257690,30614063,Posted: 19 March,all,IceHippo,"Not recommended unless at big discountOverall, this is an OK point-and-click SF game with good visuals. The cutscenes suffer from a lagging frame rate, and there are some implementation issues in the interface which is getting dated. Also the actual science takes a holiday in many places. But the puzzles were nice, and the plot had good moments, and the game length was good. If you are a real big fan of point-and-clicks, then wait for a big discount at a sale. Otherwise give it a pass."
76561198036297204,Recommended,257690,17988414,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Kyrrelin,"J.U.L.I.A. is a very interesting point-and-click adventure game with a powerful story.In a distant solar system is our heroine Rachel the last surviving member of once numerous expedition. With just her own judgment and help from space ship's AI Julia and exploration robot Mobot, she must uncover the truth not just behind the fate of the human expedition, but also behind the history of the mysterious solar system and its planets. On her journey she will visit different places (jungle, desert, sea ...) and will face many difficulties.Puzzles are various (hacking datapads, compiling blueprints, deciphering, etc. etc.) and well made. I dare to say that some of them are rather hard, but can be done without walkthrough. ;) I enjoyed the ""detective"" part where Rachel collects evidences and then analyzes them. Very interesting was the Mind'o'Matic puzzle, which let player to organize known facts about past events.The atmosphere of the game can be very heavy and tense. The characters and their dialogs are well written. The graphic is very good, as is music (I wouldn't mind getting a soundtrack).I have completed the game in one go and I have noticed few sentences which were not dubbed (not a big deal). Also two times game crashed, loading the game corrected the issue(one time it happened in a submarine, where you are supposed to lure away sea specimen, which was not visible on the screen even if it should have been).Overall, I can recommend this game to anyone who likes sci-fi, adventure games and solving mysteries. I have very much enjoyed my spent time with J.U.L.I.A. 10/10P.S.: English is not my native language, so please excuse any mistakes, that I have probably made. o.o"
,Recommended,257690,16475774,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Eltia,"""Sometimes the moral choice requires sacrifice and may still not result in the outcome that you desire.  But it is our ability to make these difficult choices to redempt ourselves that make us humans."" -- 8/10I always love puzzle game.  J.U.L.I.A. offers different kinds of puzzle: from reassembling scrambled images, investigating crime scenes, to decipering text and crafting machineries from blueprints.  The difficulties are moderate--something a focused person can solve in a day or two.  It would be helpful for the developers to provide tutorials to some of these puzzles as the instruction provided aren't too straight forward.I'm surprised to see pre-rendered CG (in HD) from an Indie game.  The graphics obviously couldn't be compared to AAA titles but they are all nicely done and the details are at least on par with graphics from PS2 era.  Mobot's design is pretty unique and perhaps one day NECA and Kotobukiya could make a product out of it.The story provides a bit of food for thought, which is definitely one of the high points of this game."
,Recommended,257690,25842036,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,jasaevan,I really liked this game. You work trying to determine what happened to the missing crews. I love these type of games were you look for objects and try to determine where and how to use them while slowly uncovering what events led to the crew's disappearance. This is a pretty good game for the price and has a pretty good story line to go with it.
76561198069160630,Recommended,257690,17576739,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Wildfire,"Very good story, A+ graphics and some intersting puzzels to solve. I must say I had a lot of fuhn playing this game."
,Not Recommended,257690,33381756,Posted: 8 July,all,Mazian,"Game last updated Jan 2017. Game breaking bug happens on second planet with one of the puzzles. The mouse gets locked to the right side of the puzzle preventing all story progression. No way to work around the mouse defect. Mouse works fine with Shift-Tab to the Steam Overlay or Alt-Tab to another application. Bug was reported last in Mar 2017 in the discussion forums but no resolution.There are other bugs posted in the forums but the forums appear fairly dead.I want to like the game. I enjoy these kinds of exploration puzzle games, and the atmosphere and dialog isn't all that bad. Some of the plot points require suspension of disbelief-Anyone with a high school education can recognize basic symptoms for radiation poisoning, but the best and brightest selected for this voyage to the stars struggles with the symptoms for days- unfortunately I couldn't get past the second 'chapter' (planet) opening puzzle. The part that frustrates me the most is that the game breaking bug is right after the 2 hour play mark, preventing easy refund."
76561198024413931,Not Recommended,257690,28610978,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,xozdragon,"Enjoyed the game itself.  Good storyline and puzzles.However,  there were some puzzles that defied logic on how to basically attempt them.Then there were the crashes and the crashes and then another crash.  It was pretty buggy.  I had to replay puzzle after puzzle and I can only guess there was an extra 3 hours of play dedicated to redoing those things.If you want a decent story, its not bad, but expect bugs and resets.Unless its really cheep don't pick it up."
,Recommended,257690,17809355,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Orix,"J.U.L.I.A. is a sci-fi point-and-click from the perspective of a person on a space probe. Rather than visit planets yourself you send a robot to do your dirty work, in an effort to uncover the events that led to the deaths of your crew.Pros:-Great sci-fi story and puzzle mechanics.-The FMV cutscenes are almost movie quality, they are absolutely gorgeous. As are most of the environments.-If you're not good at combing scenes for clues, you can bring up clues as to which bits of the environment are interactive.-The game has reasonable amounts of hand-holding, not too much or too little, for example characters suggest when you might be wasting your time on something.- I came across no bugs. No crash-to-desktops.Cons:- Some elements of the UI are a little small at higher resolutions, so you have to squint occasionally.- Main character Rachel has quite a wooden vocal performance.- Suffers a little from service to crowdfunders who got to put a little blurb in the game which sticks out like a sore thumb in the context of the game.Feel free to read my full review here:noisybark.squarespace.com/orix/2015/8/29/julia-among-the-stars"
76561198012438907,Recommended,257690,18490690,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Yeti,Good game with a great story.
,Recommended,257690,18681053,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,avickery2,I love this game. Unfortunatly my computer does not love it as much. I have to run onlow resolution and its still buggy. Even with the problems I have I love this game and the twists it has with its decisions.
,Recommended,257690,15780900,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Bahuemac,"A somewhat strange but unique and interesting space adventure.The female A.I. of the starship you - astrobiologist Rachel Manners with a voice and face - are on awakes you from cryo-jail to help her repair the ship's systems after it was hit by meteors from the planet it had been orbiting. All alone on the ship you wonder what happened to the other crew members, soon realizing that you had been in cryo for 60 years. With the tech, logistic and even moral support of the ship's A.I. ""JULIA"" you make out to trace back the steps of the long dead crew as their expeditions had left them behind on the various planets and moons in the apparently fictional solar system you are in, far away from earth and with seemingly no immediate way back, staying yourself in orbit while exploring the planets' surfaces, caverns, canyons, jungles, deserts and waters through the eyes of another A.I. companion, a mecha drone named ""MOBOT"", who is voiced as well.J.U.L.I.A. is a hidden item adventure game but offering the convenience of a button to highlight things in the world you can interact with. It doesn't have classic adventure puzzling and item combination work (you don't have a visible inventory to begin with) but consists mostly of exploration, of collecting and analyzing samples from the planets and of codeworking and puzzle-like minigames that vary from planet to planet and technology to technology you handle. I remember at least one time-based challenge but it wasn't too hard. There is rather little handholding; there is a mission log that states your basic goals and that memorizes some passwords, but these are brief one-liners that really only give you a very basic idea about what to do. There were some puzzles/minigames where I couldn't see the solutions all-too-soon which is why I looked up a walkthrough a few times. The mechanics of the puzzles aren't complicated by nature, but it's sometimes tricky to get into them and actually ""see"" the solution. But if you do it can feel quite rewarding.Soon you'll have to fly between planets back and forth in the search for items and connections of events that happened across the solar system, eventually discovering things like betrayal, suffering, crimes and questions that transpire human existence. I was never annoyed by the back and forth - I thought it was well made and greatly immersive. You'll actually want to understand what happened in the solar system and what led to the de-facto failure of your crew's research mission that was apparently meant to be vital to the far-away Earth, becoming something of a space Sherlock Holmes. These events can feel confusing at times, especially since a significant part of them is expressed through text logs of former crew members scattered across the planets. But there are even optional ""puzzles"" that are basically only there to help you understand the series of events.I sometimes felt like a helpless observer of long past events and can imagine that this feeling was very much intended for this is what Rachel Manners would probably feel if she was real. There are JULIA and MOBOT, but even with the first having a great voice actress and showing sometimes more empathy than Rachel herself regarding the effects the expeditions had in the solar system and the latter cracking a joke or being sarcastic despite having claimed to have no ""emotional"" code or whatever - in the end they are not human and Rachel still pretty much all alone. This is why this game can be pretty scary in some ways too: Supported by some eerie music and primal or coldly minimalistic sounds you see a lot of things, yet you can often only suggest and imagine how the actual events were back then and how your colleagues each found their own, sometimes cruel demise among the rubble of their once bold mission, far away from anything that could ever be related to as a ""home"" or place of warmth. And even then you may still wonder if there is something lurking here and there ready to take you (or MOBOT, as he takes all the punches aimed for you) apart and whether there is a way to undo certain wrongs and show that humans aren't that bad after all.The great immersion is helped by what feels like a good amount of scientific knick-knack. You can analyze all sorts of planet samples, but from what I got you don't actually have to do that with too many items. But you can, if you want, and not only get some achievements as an aspiring astrobiologist yourself through that but also some actual nice explanations. Your spaceship has rather detailed interfaces too even though you don't actually use much of it (anymore - the original game from 2012 or so apparently had you use more of the ship's systems). But it's there, it looks cool and it helps the feeling.A tiny complaint: The text logs of the crew members sometimes felt too ""casual"" for my taste. Doctors, scientific guys and I believe even military types using emotes when texting each other, while being far away from home on a serious mission with more or less severe and increasingly dangerous problems at hand? I don't know about that."
,Recommended,257690,14447560,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Dune Drifter,"A great game that had you on the edge of your seat throughout.  I love detective, space, mistery, puzle games and this ticked every box. I can't wait for the next in the series for this game, and foresee bigger games coming soon (hopefully)  - watch this space (no pun intended)."
76561198115346665,Recommended,257690,18516054,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Alexander,Good old school puzzles with atmospheric environments. Enjoy relaxing time with a cup of coffee and a bisquit.
,Recommended,257690,13258686,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Xordaii,"Very interesting game. Love the puzzles, a little too helpful on the hint system. A bit of a problem figuring out how get the bot to land the first time because that one isn't intuitive.  I don't know if the problem is with the Linux version or with all versions, but only got one of the achievements I earned and I finished the game.  Still recommend the game if you love puzzles and alien life questions."
76561198000422352,Recommended,257690,12370701,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,corrinthia,"I love puzzle adventure / exploration type games, and for $20 with a sci-fi theme, I figured I could give it a try. I usually don't buy new releases on Steam, because sooner or later they tend to go on sale. I also don't like being a 'first wave' gamer - forking out 60$ only to find out the game totally sucks♥♥♥♥♥*coughDestinycough*. I've been burned too many times before. But, I decided to give JULIA the benefit of the doubt due to its early review metascore.You play the role of Rachel, a scientist who left Earth for a 500-year long cryo-sleep to explore a solar system. Rachel wakes up alone on the ship, except for JULIA, the ship's AI. Rachel uses Mobot, a mobile exploration robot to explore the planets in the solar system to unravel the mystery of what happened to the rest of the crew.I think I got my money's worth. The game offers a good mix of space exploration, mystery, crime solving, puzzles and storyline. Although the storyline is a touch predictable, I still had fun with it. Some of the puzzles were a bit of a struggle to figure out simply because the interface or instructions weren't clear. One puzzle type you do repeatedly to build schematics you find to improve your Mobot unit - those puzzles were a pain.Aside from a few of the puzzles being tedious, the overall UI takes some getting used to. You are given two launch resolution options. Choose carefully - once you select and start a game, you can't play that saved game in the other resolution. I think this was done to make the game playable on tablets, and I can see this as being a good tablet game.My only other complaint is Rachel, Rachel is a bit of a whiney prat who doesn't sound like a scientist most of the time. There were several pieces of dialogue that had me going 'really?'... and some of the storyline arcs were a bit stereotyped.The planetary exploration, though, was fun. I do feel like they could have taken it much further and done way more with it. I logged a total of 12 hours playing the game, start to finish, and I think they left room for a possible sequel, In the end, you are given a choice. Your choice determines how the game ends. Don't worry, you can go back and try the other choice, too. Overall, I had fun with it."
76561197990978121,Recommended,257690,19075072,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Jiburiruu,Great story and well made puzzles. That's how i like my point and click adventures!
,Recommended,257690,19984010,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,monkeypicks,"One of the best point n click games I have ever played. Brilliantly written, good puzzles and great voice acting. Apparently, there's a DLC coming out in Jan 2016 called J.U.L.I.A: Untold. Looking forward to it. Verdict: 9/10"
76561198089159129,Recommended,257690,14598251,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Shotgun,"played four hours , slowly, while chillin out. first point n click ive played , im enjoying it very much , a refreshing change , lots of puzzles not too difficult at this stage , slow paced obviously , patience and enjoying listening to narative is neccersary .. im happy though"
76561198052394988,Recommended,257690,12118749,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,zestoflemon,I ❤ this!  (๑・‿・๑)
76561198082407617,Not Recommended,257690,32761558,Posted: 25 June,all,Banditka06,"Linux/Ubuntu 16.10:  Could be a nice game. But there's a Qt library issue preventing the game to start. Only if the sd version of the startup script is manually executed, the game would load.I would like to recommend the game as it is really cute, but I can't if it doesnt start."
76561197991391480,Not Recommended,257690,16511191,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,wyldrose,"JULIA has a theme right up my alley; unfortunately, the execution of that theme is uneven and mediocre. The technobabble ranges from dubious to face-palm-inducing; the out-of-nowhere mood swings in the dialogue could cause whiplash; and several of the puzzle UIs were impenetrable."
76561198008191657,Recommended,257690,13002253,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,The27thS,"I would recommend this game for anyone who is a fan of story driven space scifi.  The puzzles are fun, the characters are endearing and the story is interesting.  It has a good mix of space mystery and ancient aliens."
,Not Recommended,257690,17151912,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,"Hawkins, Beardmage","Clearly a lot of effort and expense, and the results are mildly absorbing, but not at all worth your time."
76561198161358560,Recommended,257690,16399867,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,scottar,"This Game of JULIA is the first version. The successor is “JULIA Among the Starts” and can only be bought through Steam due to the European VAT Laws.The second version basically follows the first version but deviates in some of the puzzles, adds new puzzles, enhances the graphics and interface, and adds new puzzles, scenes and stuff to explore. In the first version I only got to the Ambrosia Quest where I got stuck, maybe a bug. On the second version I was able to complete the game with the help of a walk- through found on Gameboomers.The second game is very intriguing but is basically a science mystery requiring good sleuthing skills. My critique is it lacks hints and clue as well as direction and some of the science techie puzzling found in science games like the Star Trek games. I also like some shot-em-up action.But the game is not bad and I hope CBE can expand on it and come up with a more intelligent game. It’s worth the price."
76561198043130753,Not Recommended,257690,16608787,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Trixter,Great storyline and graphics. Fun puzzle-solving elements. Managed to solve the first mystery and set off exploring the solar system. And then the game deleted all of my progress and expected me to start over. Nope. Not taking a chance on it doing that again.
,Recommended,257690,17853635,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,NotAnotherGeek,A great journey and great storry with very impressive graphics and voice acting.Looking forward to more from the same guys
76561197968891963,Not Recommended,257690,17924072,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Cursed Fox,"Starts out great with the story, but started losing me about half way through the game.  The later parts of the game got even worse for me and I started hating the direction the story was taking. Dont want to say specifics due to major spoilers.  Just that it felt like the story didnt fit together.  Like it started off with one theme? Then went for a totally different one.  As for the puzzles, they explain some, but not others.  Leaving you to just brute force it by trial and error, rather than figuring it out with brains.TLDR First third of the game is nice, hated the rest."
,Recommended,257690,12643510,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,OMGZombehs,"Beautiful, lonely, and eerie.This game places you in the hot seat of a derelict space probe in order to question your morals. There are lots of other questions too.Where have the rest of your crew gone? How long were you asleep anyway? What of your mission to discover new life?Solve puzzles as astrobiologist Rachel Manners in order to progress and discover what really happened here. Some of these puzzles are annoyingly difficult. It's best to save often and keep notes of useful information.Though Manners accepts some aspects of her situation way too calmly, the game explores a lot of human emotion."
,Recommended,257690,12961894,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,JZig,"Solid point and click adventure game with great art, and a scifi story that doesn't fit the usual cliches."
76561198022247983,Recommended,257690,17201595,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Mogg,"A spaceshuttle becomes damaged, and the only person aboard, Rachel, an astrobiologist is awoken by the AI J.U.L.I.A. to repair the damage. However, Racheal is the last surviving member of an expedition. This is the story of discovery and mystery.A point and click puzzle infused exploration game. The controls are simple and easy to understand with a well written tutorial set up at each new element that comes into play.There are few varieties puzzles that grow in difficulty yet are not impossible to solve. Putting items to objects are very obvious. Navigation is not a maze, limited to a few small zones. There are a lot of things to look at, and everything not important to the game is a once only clickable affair. Almost the entire game features a hotspot indicator so there is rare pixel hunting involved.Overall the game is really linear. It begins with a very clear direction to follow, however later on you will need to explore other parts (planets) to obtain information or items to make progress on one location.All dialogues and descriptions are completely voiced. The only think not voiced are messages, emails and logs left behind for you to find (most times crack). Both AI's that assist Rachel tend to be a bit too human-like and make some rather annoying chatter at times, like telling someone to shut up, or making it obvious they aren't on the same level of understanding of themes and situations.The story misdirects somewhat well until near the end. There is always a suspicion that what seems to be a cause, actually isn't the whole truth. You will learn about this alien solar system, learn about the expedition and after discovering the full story, make a final decision that ends the game in one of two ways.It is very well paced, and nicely intertwined as a whole."
,Not Recommended,257690,25421680,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,DenKar,"Well, I love space exploration but I found the story so boring that it was quite a struggle for not falling asleep. It's like those books you read before going to bed. Maybe not bad, but definitely not catchy enough to keep you awake. In fact, you'll be reading a lot here. Just grab an actual sci-fi book and you'll be better. Seriously, what's so interesting about reading snippets of ""scientists"" who behave like if they were in the most dull reality show?I couldn't say I didn't give the game another chance. Came back after a few months just to find my saved game gone. Even restarted it, hoping things could get better beyond the first chapter, but no. The same stuff. Uninspiring story and puzzles which are either unchallenging or absolutely unclear in their mechanics. Got stuck at some point of the story, my attention meter went negative, and I don't have much time to waste reading walkthroughs.BTW, if you want to play a point-n-click adventure game with a very interesting story and nice puzzles, get Secret Files: Tunguska."
76561198088557119,Recommended,257690,23789266,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Caesar,Awesome Point&Click Adventure with beautiful graphics and a well written story.One downside: some puzzles can be a little bit frustrating.
,Recommended,257690,12407067,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,rogersm0,"Pretty entertaining, ulimately.  An easy to play sci-fi game."
76561198024706112,Recommended,257690,13333866,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Positive Vibration,Great story. Great atmosphere (the alone in space theme vs discovering alien life vs discovering what happened to your former crewmembers on remote alien planets)9/10
76561198142925759,Recommended,257690,22695461,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Diaria,Great game. Workong on a laptop with Windows 10. Keeping me busy for hours.
,Recommended,257690,22762528,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,neverbalnost,"I strongly recommend the game for all the oldschool quest lovers. It has everything we seach in a good quest game: a mistery, bunch of puzzles, cool dialogues and beautiful scenery.It's not very hardcore so you'll be able to finish it in less than 12 hours, yet it gives you some mental pabulum. To get all the achievements you may need to walk it through several times, but it's totally worth it."
,Recommended,257690,22174190,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Lily,"I enjoyed JULIA very much, Lovely art, interesting storyline and engaging puzzles."
76561198032500689,Recommended,257690,22652859,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Blatherwock,Fun adventure/point and click game. I often get bored/stuck with games like this so I was pleasantly surprised that it kept me engaged until the end.
,Recommended,257690,22578666,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,aurorum,"Very fun. For my first game of this type, I'm very happy. It's worth the purchase."
,Recommended,257690,21886408,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Schareazar,"7/10The story is interesting and gripping, making it enjoyable experience despite some puzzles and game progression being very unintuitive."
,Recommended,257690,22713064,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,marianacoim,"Nice point and click game, the beginning is quite slow but it gets better. Beautiful scenery and pleasant soundtrack. The story is very enjoyable for vegans, even though I was a little disappointed by the abrupt ending."
,Recommended,257690,18833119,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"Despite feeling a bit awkward technically, this game presents an interesting storyline."
76561197970803798,Recommended,257690,26034174,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,mjfgates,Good puzzle game. Pretty backgrounds. None of the puzzles are *all* that difficult.
76561198097520188,Recommended,257690,26014988,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Hulluruoho,"Neat, relaxed Space Exploration without needing to shoot aliens jumping from behind every other corner into smitherines. But surely not dull or without some effort and thinking needed. Storyline with environmental emphasis was a welcoming point, too."
,Not Recommended,257690,34769083,Posted: 5 September,all,Tempus,"Game breaking bug caused me to have to start over.  The mouse can get locked into a small square area and if you aren't saving along the way, you'll lose all your progress."
76561198127231616,Recommended,257690,23360198,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,helfire124,Great game with atmospheric music and fun puzzles!
,Not Recommended,257690,19964557,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Soulshift,"Bought this because it was highly recommended by reviewers, but was very disappointed. Puzzles are simplistic, and the sci-fi setting is bordering on unbelievable."
76561197970616511,Recommended,257690,13412540,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,JojoTheSlayer,"A very good point and click game if you are into logical puzzles, space exploration and other mysteries. Its worth its full price asking in my view."
,Not Recommended,257690,24920637,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Krikkiter-042,"TL;DR: Excessive 3D animation, frustrating dialogues, weak/frustrating puzzles. Recommended to sci-fi enthusiasts if found on sale.The story was alright at best, whit the plot twist clear from right the beginning. The gameplay was above frustrating for me. About 75% of game time went on animation and dialogies that soon I couldn't stand and had to skip. 4 clicks to pick up/use something is ridicolous. Puzzles were simple or super frustrating due to above mentioned excessive animations. Towards the end of the game, it becames more of a movie story with you clicking through scenes with the game actually telling you what to do next. Game ended with a couple of goals left which I now don't know why. I definitely won't start a new game to unlock other achievements and maybe endings.I would not recommend this game unless you're into sci-fi, CGI and you find in on sale."
76561197971120253,Not Recommended,257690,28733573,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jcdenton,"Loved this game until the torn paper puzzle, would love to have a developer and a wooden ruler and everytime the controls mess up hit the developer with the wooden ruller. This is a really pathetic minigame in an otherwise great narative."
76561198052984692,Not Recommended,257690,28046994,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,krj12,"Decent game until I reached a bugged puzzle, which prevented any further progress.Months later, there is still no fix.   Until the game developers decide to fix this flawedproduct, I don't recommend."
,Recommended,257690,32836773,Posted: 26 June,all,Rodimus,Great game
76561198099269272,Not Recommended,257690,22525228,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,steadfast_sonnet,"I had really high hopes for the game, but didn't find the story to be all that compelling and some of the mechanics were rather frustrating."
,Not Recommended,257690,14257049,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,alison,"Not a terrible game, but not anywhere near as good as I hoped it would be either. It's one of those adventures where all the puzzles are brain teaser minigames instead of dialog or inventory puzzles. This wouldn't be so bad if the story was compelling, but although it starts out creepy and takes an enjoyably ""hard"" sci-fi turn as it progresses, the characters act in completely bizarre and unrealistic ways that made it very hard for me to get invested. Might be worth a playthrough if you are a diehard sci-fi fan who also likes brain teaser puzzles, but it doesn't stand up to really good sci-fi adventures like Gemini Rue or even okayish ones like Primordia."
,Not Recommended,257690,15037931,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,PAX_DOCTOR,"I can see much effort has been put by the two developers into this point-and-click game, with it't interesting setting and opening. Although after finishing it I must say the game lacks depth and player looses motivation further he gets into uninteresting and tedious story. Buy only on substantial discount."
76561197999725847,Not Recommended,257690,24362872,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Nightwalker,"ONLY get this game when it is 80% off, or cheaper. At $19.99, it's overpriced for the content, and a game that can be beat in one sitting--which is why I have to give it a down vote. If the game was $3-4, then sure, I'd say get it.It tries to extend play time by using complex puzzles which have little explanation.--Which is fine if you're into that sort of thing. For the impatient, there are walkthroughts online. You will need a pad of paper or another window open to take notes while playing.Beautiful artwork, interesting story, with no replay value."
,Not Recommended,257690,16453807,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Seroto-9,I was prepared to forgive the poor writing and worse acting on the grounds of the artwork.I was prepared to forgive a puzzle where you solve a password to unlock clues to another password.I will never forgive a tile-swapping puzzle. Never. I should have been warned!
,Recommended,257690,12125682,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Geofferic,"Beautiful game with a mostly-great story.  While it's a linear adventure game, it never really feels that way because you can actually make progress in different directions at any time.It's not preachy, it's not re-tread, and it's not pretentious.Definitely worth your time if you like the style of game."
,Not Recommended,257690,23872129,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,H41ko,"In general a nice pice of work. The problem is that the trailer and the description felt more like an easy casual game with some interesting puzzles. But you either have to solve simple puzzles or you may read a lot to get the story. The story seems to be interesting but is not too catchy, at least at the beginning."
,Not Recommended,257690,22641520,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ELLIOTTCABLE,"No saving. In 2016.Need anything more be said?(This coming from the guy who just lost *his entire game* due to his battery dying.)----Edit: Okay, to be fair, it's quite a cute game, and I mostly loved it right up until I lost everything ... but:1. A lot of the interface has *no* explanation (a few windows near the beginning do pop up little help-screens, but this stops happening shortly ... and this game is constantly throwing new interfaces at you); in many of the puzzles, I *never* figured out how you were *supposed* to interact with the interface, and simply persisted through spam-clicking and trial-and-error. (The ‘language translation’ puzzle, anyone? Egads.)2. The parts that *are* explained, are difficult to interact with (why on earth isn't there a *hotkey* for ‘highlight interactable elements?’ I really have to mouse up to the top corner, every single frame, every single location? Jesus.)3. Again: No saving. Can't speak as to how the game's storyline holds up towards the end, because there's no way I'm trudging back through every intervening story-element at a snail's pace, to find out. Again: 2016, thought we'd solved this in the 70s."
76561197971583513,Recommended,257690,22352004,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Harry Mckay,"Very enthralling point'n'click game with about an expedition to another solar system, exploration, murder, intrigue, and morality.Only one error I picked up, involving a crew of scientists inexplicably not recognizing the symptoms of radiation poisoning.Overall, one of the better point'n'click games I've played!"
,Not Recommended,257690,18164890,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Adama,"Utter grabage, Uses meme and reused filler lines to bloat enviroments with clickable ojects, sub par writing, grammatical errors, below amatuer animation/modeling/voice acting, use's a scientific backdrop (space, space ships and robots) with a marked lack of understanding about science (a trained space exploration team appanetly doesnt know what the signs of radiation poisoning is which by the way doesnt look anything like thalium poisoning which the game presents the player as to why they are all morons, crew exposed to 11 Gy of radiation lives from between 3-9 days, which is stupid they would all be dead within 2, flamiable nitrogen that isnt under pressure), incosistant (surface has no breathable atmosphere but yet we see no EVA suits even after the crew apperently caring about tideyness as the game will tell you with the many many many copy pasted crate and clutter dialogs).All in all i have no idea why this game is rated so positively, i guess the backrounds look nice and the ship and robot look okay (but the solar panels spin for no reason and would lead to much lower power generation, and the robot has clunky jerky animations), but then again P&C players also find use everything with every P&C games good so ill just chalk this up to stockholm syndrom of a genre."
,Not Recommended,257690,19686233,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,LLSix,Seems to overwritten my saves from the early game and has several pixel hunt puzzles.
76561198120412549,Not Recommended,257690,19738228,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Cabbage Rat,"Very simplist game. Not in any way challenging. Reminds of the first basic games that came out in the early 90's, and not a very good one at that. The quality of the graphics are again like circa 1993."
,Not Recommended,257690,16949676,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Starfruitninja,"Horrible, just plain old bad."
76561198221687092,Not Recommended,257690,17802657,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Winterspark,Perhaps amusing if you are 12.
,Not Recommended,257690,15026016,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,matejcik,"Are the authors 15 years old?Because if they are, JULIA is a solid accomplishment: a fully fleshed-out game with an interesting story, multiple different gameplay modes, 3D-modeled graphics with some pretty awesome sceneries, full voice dubbing and (apparently procedural?) music.And if not, well. This would have been an awesome game with mindblowing graphics and solid interfaces... in 2003. Judged by today's standards, it's not worth the $20 asking price. But let's take it from the basics.Graphics and soundFirst things first: even though the game looks slick in the trailer, it turns out that in full HD, everything is sort of plasticky. Very much like back in 2003 when ray-tracing was considered state of the art and every 3D model had a shiny plastic feel to it. So, yes. That's pretty much how the game looks like in the flesh, in glorious full HD. It would look pretty much the same in 800x600.Obviously, everything is pre-rendered. Scenes are static, and the warp and landing cutscenes start to annoy you after your third landing.Sound and music is adequate; not spectacular, not horrible. Voice acting is bland but passable.InterfaceThe UI is my main gripe with the game. Nothing reacts to scroll wheels. You have to wait for an animation to finish before clicking again. Many clicks are superfluous. Basically, the UI is a pain and for all its cyber-like modernity, all it does is slow you down.Every puzzle has its own interface, obviously, but most of those are unintuitive and you have to read the help screen before you can accomplish anything useful.The HUD of the main point-and-click mode is a little confusing, but small enough that it doesn't matter.The Mind-O-Matic, however, deserves a special mention. Whenever the game figures that you've got enough information to make sense of some event, it gives you all the clues in the form of little cards, some sort of outline of a diagram, and allows you to ""fill in the blanks"" and complete the story. Except all the blanks are in ""subject-verb-object"" form. And the verbs are often very generic. And subjects and objects repeat. And the game helpfully throws in a bunch of clues that don't actually fit in the schematic and you're supposed to throw them out again. And, obviously, there is no indication whatsoever that you got it right. Fortunately the authors were wise enough to make this optional; you're better off with a pen and a piece of paper.Speaking of paper, let's mention that thing where the game helpfully collects passwords and entry codes and important facts in one place for you, but you can't display them while a password input or keypad or a puzzle is open. Wellp.The game does earn points for the feature that highlights all active objects, and removes them from view if you can't make more actions with that object.Story and charactersLet me just say that i've seen deeper stories in procedural roguelikes....eh, it's not that the story isbador anything, it's just ... not good. The plot does have some potential, it could be interesting if someone skilled developed it further, but that's not the case here. Writing is noticeably dull, dialogues are basically an exposition stream -- maybe because the characters don't have any traits to speak of, so the lines they say aren't ""theirs"", they are just something the authors decided to tell players.Speaking of characters, i don't understand why MOBOT is one of them. It doesn't have a personality, its only role is to comment on things it finds, and these aren't particularly insightful comments either. Not that the other two protagonists (Rachel and J.U.L.I.A) have personalities to speak of, but they at least play some roles. MOBOT is a filler.There are more interesting characters to be found among the dead crewmembers, but they're all dead and all we know about them are short diary entries.AtmosphereThere isn't one.Gameplayconsists mainly of puzzle minigames. Of which, 70 % are totally inane, thrown in without meaningful connection to the game, just as something to occupy the player for a brief time. Some of the remaining 30 % are interesting, but in most of them you don't even know what you're supposed to do, in the ""why exactly am i solving this puzzle and how does the result look like"" sense. In many cases, it's impossible to solve the minigame without reading the integrated help, to find out what your goal state looks like.The game is definitely not mentally challenging. The puzzle minigames are simple playthings. I don't recall a single instance where you'd have to actuallyfigure outsomething from clues, using only your head (as opposed to trial and error). The main game consists of clicking on everything, repeatedly where applicable.Steam reports that it took me about 5 hours to finish the game, which is on par with ad-supported hidden-object drivel on mobile. It's awesome that there's six or seven planets with completely different scenery, but each only has about five screens. The game is pretty broad, but extremely shallow.ConclusionGood job guys! When you graduate high school, do apply to a game design major on some good college."
,Not Recommended,257690,13073521,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,golergka,"DON'T BUY IT FOR OSX.The game itself is quite good: the puzzles are logical, but not too obvious, the story is intriguing and the visual style is quite great. However, it's not the reason why I'm writing this review.The OS X version in particular is buggy as hell. It doesn't resize properly to the screen resolution, leaving ugly black stripes on top and bottom. The mouse clicks from tapping on touchpad don't register half the time, so you have to actually press the touchpad — something I haven't done since I got my last macbook and open up mouse properties on it to enable tap-to-click. But because the game itself is good, it's quite tolerable.What's really terrible is that further in the game you enounter a puzzle which requires you to perform a drag action. But not an ordinary drag action, but a right-button drag. And may I inform you, that on a MacBook without external mouse this action is simply impossible. There are people who buy mouses because they find them more comfortable than a touchpad; I don't. And therefore, I'm stuck in the game without any way to complete it.So, unless you want to invest several hours of your time into a game just to encounter a big ""♥♥♥♥ YOU"" at the end, don't buy this game for OS X. And, judging by the stellar quality of QA department's work, I wouldn't recommend buying it for Windows either, just in case."
76561197988490066,Not Recommended,257690,16104334,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Keeptrucking,Found the dialogue incredibly stupid.
76561197974924420,Not Recommended,257690,14490883,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,COLDBAR,"It is simple this game made me extremely frustrated, waste of money."
,Not Recommended,257690,13964081,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Cjdace,"I would only recommend this game if what you wanted was a point and click, lifeless characters, and a bland form of gameplay."
76561198021226205,Not Recommended,257690,14439034,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,treycox33,"Stupid, dumb, boring object find (stop taking this down)"
,Not Recommended,257690,13850151,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,kruden,What?! A boring game!
76561198019673114,Recommended,257690,17994186,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,antoshkka,"- OK, turn on you IR camera!- I can not. The driver license expired 30 years ago. But I have a trinket-flashlight.Perfect scenario, great atmosphere! Must buy!"
76561198047260054,Not Recommended,257690,18024482,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,von Hötzendorf,"I don't regret getting this game, and if you're starved for puzzle games you won't either. But I can't go so far as to recommend it. Its buggy, which isn't even the main problem since most bugs can be powered through with reloads (save often!)The main problem is that many of the puzzles are hard, but not in the way you'd want them to be. They're just ""here's a bunch of buttons that need to be clicked in a certain order, can you figure out what the order is?"" types. There's a few amazing 10/10 ones, but the rest are just middling click-click-click puzzles that belong in a carmen sandiago game.Finally there's the plot. It had a lot of potential, but its got more holes than a swiss cheese factory. There's at least 10 things I can think of off the top of my head that make the plot completely unbelievable.But they tried."
76561198037275891,Recommended,257690,18006679,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,[SCA] Ivan,Sweet game :)
,Recommended,257690,17933916,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Nnesk,"A solid puzzle game, with very nice graphics and a cool looking UI."
,Recommended,257690,16869707,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Dr_Strangedice,A nice modern point and click game. I loved the voice acting and the rich backdrops. The story was ok but one of my biggest gripes is that most of it has to be read. If you don't mind doing a lot of reading this is a pretty fun point and click game with about 4 main sections that take 1-1.5 hours each.
,Recommended,257690,17753579,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,uvar,"After playing some decidedly average adventure games recently, this was a welcome surprise. A minimum of inventory-management and trial-and-error item combinations, puzzles with a good level of difficulty that don't seem unfair (even if I did have to look up one or two hints), incredibly good graphics and enjoyable dialogue - both the actual words, and the voice acting of the people speaking them. I probably rushed through some parts faster than I needed to and there's probably not much point replaying it, but it was definitely an enjoyable experience while it lasted."
76561197970495871,Not Recommended,257690,17528960,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,thelbronius,Great concept but unpolished and somewhat buggy. The dialogue is rough it's like it was an after thought or translated into English. If you can get it for cheap and like games like Myst or Kings Quest then I'd buy it.  Otherwise it goes in the pile that you play once. Oh and save often! I ran into a bug that corrupted an autosave and cost me 2 hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,257690,17390479,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Gatemoth,"A 10-15-hour story-based point-and-click adventure game with mild to moderate-difficulty puzzles.It may be worth a playthrough, but those who are not interested in adventure games may prefer to abstain.weaknesses:-hand-held exploration is not fun.-no way to skip dialogs besides repeated clicking.-puzzle difficulty varies.-Too few puzzles.strengths:+good story+puzzles to alleviate the exploration tedium+varied puzzle types+voiceoversThis game is not Myst: exploration is guided by a system that highlights all objects.  It intends to be completed by casual players with the exception of a few tricky spots.This game would have been better as a text-based game with supporting graphics or as a puzzle game with supporting story.Neat story, but you won't regret skipping it."
,Recommended,257690,16833898,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Felis,+ Enjoyable Puzzles+ Lovingly created environment+ Well fleshed out world(s) and characters+ Mostly good voice acting- Contrived story- Some less enjoyable puzzles
,Recommended,257690,16914637,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,kristen.maxwell,"[moved from a facebook post, sorry for the lack of polish in the prose here...][having just posted that I could never really get into Myst, even though I am a fan of the adventure game genre and was actually an active player back when it was first released...]speaking of games that are kind of like Myst but that i actually really enjoyed... JULIA: Among the Stars wins my award for ""most logical puzzles ever"" in a point-n-click adventure game. They're also fairly easy, which doesn't hurt when you're a time-limited gamer who's starting to lose his mental edge, like me. The best things about the game are its elements that challenge you to reconstruct the stories of what happened to the interstellar expedition that you were a part of, and the recent and ancient history of the system you have discovered. It's a quasi-realistic detective simulation in that aspect, as you must use an interactive mind-map tool to create timelines that make sense of all the evidence you collect. Its other strength is the variety of puzzles... apart from the password ""hacking"" minigame and the circuit-schematic puzzles that are used for creating upgrades, I can't think of any puzzle types that you actually do more than once-- pretty much every scenario is its own kind of challenge. I also particularly like the notion that you are just sitting up in a spaceship by yourself, sending a remote probe to do all your ""adventuring"" and not able to actually interact with things yourself. It makes a lot of the limitations inherent to the genre make sense.[yet another note... i did not pay full price for this game, but however I got it (a bundle of some sort, or more likely a deep discount during a seasonal salew) I was happy with the value proposition. Most importantly, i found it worth the TIME i spend playing it (and having my young kids watch me play it, which is a huge boost to the value in my opinion)]"
76561197964009610,Recommended,257690,17344650,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Makkenhoff,"Yes, I recommend this if you enjoy puzzles. The story is great, the events are engaging... but at some point for me, I stopped enjoying the game. The (what felt like) sudden focus on difficult puzzles towards the end of the game really started to grate on my nerves, I had to resort to a walkthrough on a good few of them, and even then some puzzles were still annoyingly complex (for example, trying to draw a square around a specific land formation that matched another map)Spoilers Ahead, and a bit of feedback if the developers want it as well!Some of the puzzles were just beyond my comprehension. I had difficulties on the language learning part, I ended up just flat out guessing until I got lucky. I got stuck when I had to find the rock formations, as well as comparing the star charts. I think I'd have enjoyed the game more if I hadn't been required to finish it to move on.  Once I realized I didn't have to follow the exact pattern on upgrading Mobo, it became rather fun. I enjoyed piecing togther what happened to the colonists, though perhaps not the memory minder so much. (Though it did help organize my thoughts after I had finished exploring) In short, the exploring and the smaller puzzles I enjoyed, the puzzles after that not as much."
76561197971252326,Recommended,257690,18112058,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,spaceman spork,"This was an entertaining game.  It's worth a play, but it's FAR from perfect.The story line is actually interesting and I enjoyed it and trying to figure out what happened.  It's not the best story I've seen in video games by a long shot but it's still effectively intruiging.The game play is... iffy.  It's really a combination of puzzles and exploration.  The puzzles aren't too difficult except for some are just really annoying.  I admit using a walk through for one part where you were supposed to look through a map and find an area on the map that resembled a crudely drawn map.  I tried it on my own for a while and then just gave up.  Another puzzle I looked up because I had no idea how it was supposed to work, but then found out I wasn't supposed to even attempt that puzzle yet; it was supposed to be done later.  All in all though some were fairly fun to figure out.  Some were just more annoying than fun.There was also a problem with the auto saving.  The game crashed on me once and I unfortunately found out I had to redo an entire section.  My advice: Save relatively often.This game won't be for everyone though.  Play it if you like sci-fi stories and if you enjoy puzzles."
76561197971896207,Recommended,257690,18183564,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Xenotone,"If you love a sci-fi with a fairly typical storyline (AI wakes you from hypersleep - where did the crew go?) and aren't very good at puzzles, this is well worth your time. The voice acting is corny but fun (as a point-and-click should be) and it's not too taxing - I usually get stuck immediately in this type of game. Main character seems a little bit bland so far but Mobot makes up for it. ""APOLOGY: I cannot make this crate more interesting."""
,Recommended,257690,16669444,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,hurracan,"A nice, sedate puzzler. Lots of pointing and clicking, but no real pixel-hunting. If you uncover all the clues you can find, the next step is usually pretty clear. I know it shows my time played as 13+ hours, but if I had actually been playing it the entire time, instead of leaving the computer running when I went to work, a single run through probably only takes 4-5 hours, which would be enough to make the ""other"" choices for the plot branches. Also, the puzzles seem to come together organically and make rational sense, but none overstays its welcome, which was nice."
76561198012002434,Recommended,257690,16674316,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Feligris,"I didn't really know what to expect from this game as I mainly bought it due to the dearth of 'traditional' sci-fi adventure games, and I was quite positively surprised - in fact I ended up playing it through in a little over two days because I wanted to see how the story would go. :3 Despite having certain weaknesses and the plot fizzling out towards the end (perhaps due to rush?), it's still a solid Myst-like adventure which makes use of its space exploration mystery delightfully.Pros :The atmosphere is great practically all the way to the end, and there's a definite feeling of mystery while you can explore everything in peace.Enough discussions to make the game world not feel abandoned, but not so much that you'd be drowned in characters to meet.The puzzles aren't terribly difficult and are generally logical, and the game eschews pixel hunt by pointing out anything which can be examined or taken. There also aren't any timed puzzles or dying from trying different things (sans one exception).Graphics look neat and aren't very taxing as they are mainly static screens with effects, which means you can make do with a fairly lightweight computer.Cons :There's no easy or central way to review all the information you get during the game, especially discussions, which makes the plot somewhat hard to keep track of at times since you have to remember everything by yourself unless you want to move around to re-read everything.The setting starts to fizzle towards the end as the final portions themselves are barely explained and the game mostly concerns itself in fully revealing information you can already infer during the rest of the game, after which you're very swiftly whisked to the end. Thus the last part feels rather disconnected from the rest.Few puzzles take a good deal of time simply because they are based on trial-and-error and have to be reset every time you fail."
,Recommended,257690,16697835,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Yuma Kuga,"+ Great story and pace+ Classic point and click adventure+ Challenging but not impossible puzzles- A bit short (~6 hours)- Very few puzzles can be a bit tedious despite knowing what to do (a misclick requires you to start again).- I bought it on sale for a couple of dollars so I think it's only worth < $10, definitely not $20."
,Recommended,257690,16585787,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ginji,Loved it.
76561197994562651,Recommended,257690,16766671,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Gresh,Very well done. Varied and challenging at times.
,Recommended,257690,16770291,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,RainyDay,"A short and extremely easy, but enjoyable, point and click adventure.Unlike many point and clicks, it's not based on the 'get object - use object to get another object' style of gameplay, but is more focused on individual pussles that have their own, unique interface.The story is superficial, but interesting enough to relax for a few hours and explore the alien star system."
,Recommended,257690,16798990,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,c_g_a,"Recommended for those that enjoy a good story, puzzles, and adventure games of old. J.U.L.I.A was one of the few games that I played form start to end in the past year, and it was quite fun. The puzzles had me using a notebook for notes and drawings, which was a nice throwback feeling!"
76561198142540662,Recommended,257690,19394313,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,mystery_egypt,"This is a very entertaining sci-fi game with unique puzzles. I loved the ability to explore different planets, gather and analyze items, and talk to other species. The graphics and music/sounds are very nice, and the voice acting is great. I was completely immersed in a world of strange planets.I haven't come across any technical issues.I recommend this game to all sci-fi and point and click fans :)"
,Recommended,257690,20026845,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,PickleRick!,"Great point and click, graphics are great for the purpose and the puzzles are fun.I r8 8/8"
,Recommended,257690,19961292,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,=LAF=Crimson,"I like this game very much, I hope the will be more game like this.Also i hope for Russian language pack =)"
76561198027102439,Recommended,257690,20257035,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,akamruz,"I wish there were more games like JULIA - i have concluded that this type of game is my favoritest. Whenever the conversation about videogames start, all I can talk about is how great of a game JULIA was... It was very captivating, the story was clever and the rigth amount of mysterious, the puzzles were fun to solve (you didn't feel the need to hop on the internet and search for a guide, if you know what I mean) and the graphic/sound was extremely well done.I miss MOBOT :/"
76561198020644113,Recommended,257690,20293776,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Serzis,"Hmm... I like it.The answer to the mystery wasn't that difficult to figure out, but the piecing together of the events leading up to the tragic end was a delight. The puzzles were at times mind-boggling, but they never treated me like an idiot. Sure, the developers might sometimes have presumed too much when it came to understanding their instructions -- or lack thereof -- but given enough time and trial-and-error, 95 % of the puzzles could be completed without walkthroughs.Point and click games have a tendency to be either good and therefore worth finishing, or bad and abandoned.Julia: among the starskept me interested all the way through, so it has to be at least good. Not great, but definately good."
,Recommended,257690,20272098,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TinHatTemplar,"A fun and intuitive adventure game that manages to break the adventure game mold and mix in some classic logic puzzles to lift this above the normal find the right item slog that is most adventure games.The story unfolds neatly, but with little variation or chance to have an impact on the overall narrative. This took me about 6 hours to complete, and felt that the pacing was quite good, the puzzles challening, and I would give the game a B minus overall. Certainly worth the $5 or so dollars I paid for it."
76561198147336090,Recommended,257690,20278086,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Releeshahn,"Its only major ONE fault with this game and its the voice of rachel she is the worst voice- over I have EVER heard in a game. Honestly a 3 year old could have done better to think she got payed for doing it beats me, why she was picked  I will NEVER know.  Her voice acting gets worse and worse throughout the game reaching a peak toward the end its like someones putting a gun to her head to do it. Im sorry I m going on and on but she totally spoiled it for me which is an otherwise brilliant game lovely sounds and graphics. The story was good but too complicated."
,Recommended,257690,20520937,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Jaiph,Great little adventure game which hooks you pretty quickly with its various mysteries.
76561198036075003,Recommended,257690,20487229,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Katren,"I'm a big fan of point and click advertures and love watching SCI-FI shows. I stumbled across this while looking through games in Steam Queue. After reading up on the game and checking reviews, I just had to give it a go. I loved to graffic's straight up and the music as well (gave me a slight reminder to Firefly). I enjoyed every minute of the puzzles and the storyline, I read every datapad in full. I can get lost and board in some games if there is a lot to read, not here, I enjoyed every bit. Thank you for creating a beautiful and interesting game that kept me never wanting to turn off. Can not wait to see more."
,Recommended,257690,20574680,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,qurrY™,"Whoa, worth every cent! BRILLIANT story-driven Point & Click with sweet graphics. Approx. 10 hours of immersive fun. German version with full audio is somewhat better than most AAAs."
76561198006838807,Recommended,257690,20568381,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,erikdietzeq,"Very good game. Exciting, interesting, the riddles are rich in variety. Science fiction mystery story for explorers."
,Recommended,257690,20481474,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,zkclaire,Amazing game! So many different environments to explore and great story. Would recommend it to everybody.
76561197982947659,Recommended,257690,20613937,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Wok-Ur-Katt,"CBE Software did a great job of blending a Puzzle, Point & Click, Story Novel, and adventure game together to create one grand experience. I hope another journey for Rachel and J.U.L.I.A is in the works, I highly recommend this game.The only complaint I have about the game is too few hints to figure out some of the puzzles.$19.99 might be a bit pricy for this title. I waited for a sale before purchasing.*** If you are having trouble with some of the Puzzles here is a link to a walk through. ***http://www.gameboomers.com/wtcheats/pcJj/J.U.L.I.A.ats/J.U.L.I.A.AmongtheStars.htm"
,Recommended,257690,30598359,Posted: 18 March,all,chupakabra,"A very interesting quest game. Not too complicated, but not too simple."
76561198063119465,Recommended,257690,19240602,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Heavenz,"Aswome storyline, I highly recomend it, but not for the price they are asking."
,Not Recommended,257690,20843127,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Septevar,"Made my gpu squeal like a pig, gtx 970, got a refund. From what i played it seemed alright, its story driven, so if your expecting decent gamplay look elsewhere. The gameplay itself is very repetative, click this, switch to next area click that, not exactly alot to do compared to other point and click games i have played.If there was a 'maybe' rating then i would click that for now it stays on a no, due to lack of display options, and bad optimization."
76561198027362828,Recommended,257690,15959229,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,kaelah,"Normally, I don't play adventure games.  However, this game caught my eye.  I'm quite happy I bought it, as I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The story, the setting, the characters, the puzzles, all well through out."
76561198009799171,Recommended,257690,22683128,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Digital Aura,"Very intriguing story, and some great puzzles. The variety was great. Some of them, though, were just tedious and random and required luck more than intelligence or planning. Still, for the price, this is a great game to spend a few afternoons on."
76561198083051773,Recommended,257690,22975994,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Felli,"Out of all of my point and click adventures Steam has recommended to me, J.U.L.I.A.: Among the Stars was one of the best I've played yet. Fantastic Story, tricky puzzles and a great dialog between characters make it a solid game for any collection.The story immediately grabs you from the start and makes you work to piece together every detail surrounding the events that left you, Rachel Manners, as the only living person on your ship. Aided only by the ships AI, Julia, and an exploration robot Mo-bot, your goal is to find out why your expedition team has lost contact. Sinister, sad and yet strangely compelling,   the plot moves along well with a good continuity. A little philosophical, but never overtly so, it's a good intellectual story, that you piece together with what you find along the way.The voice acting is actually quite good. The sarcastic Rachel, paired up with Mobot (who has zero emotional capabilites) makes for some amusing and lighthearted dialog that oddly enough, eases the tension in a situation that would otherwise feel stifling. My only complaint is with Julia's speech. She seems a little erratic at times, switching between emotional and mechanical. It can be a bit jarring. Though, for all intents, being an AI may contribute to her awkwardness.The ambient noise is your standard sci-fi fare, but the music is wonderful. In fact, the soundtrack is worth picking up for sure. Not overpowering yet not blending in, it seems to hit that nice balance where you hear it play and enjoy it, but it doesn't distract from the gameplay.Being a point and click type of game means a lot of it is searching for objects to examine and completing puzzles. Luckily,  the UI is set up with a scanner to highlight areas of interest, saving you the frusteration of 'pixel-hunting'. (running your cursor all over the screen to look for the very small area that you can interact with.) The puzzles are varied and spread out enough that you're not being hit over the head with them every minute or two, but when you do get one, some of them can leave you scratching your head for several minutes.My only complaint here would be that a lot of the puzzle information isn't really specific enough to explain how the puzzle works, leading to a bit more frusteration than is really necessary. A bit clearer instructions on several puzzles would really help out.Over all though, this game is definately worth a look for anyone into Sci-fi, puzzle or point and click adventures. Rating it a 7.5/10, possibly an 8 if the puzzles were explained a little better. A fantastic effort by a team of only 2 people. Well done!"
,Recommended,257690,24305844,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,kappypoo,Great casual puzzle game that runs well on Linux.
,Recommended,257690,24258868,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Nouvelliste,"I got this for pretty cheap during the Steam summer sale, but I wasn't expecting much. I definitely got a lot for my money! The story was surprisingly deep, and most of the puzzles were good. A few were frustrating, but I only needed a walkthrough for a few parts. I did have a glitch where my cursor went away on Ambrosia, but luckily I hit F11 and it came back. I recommend saving often, especially if you want to get mutually exclusive achievements. On the whole, it was surprsingly fun."
,Recommended,257690,24265817,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,FrozenLiquidity,"J.U.L.I.A. did many things right and kept me engaged for most of the game.  There's just enough mystery, puzzle-solving and story to keep one busy clicking to uncover the next clue.  If you like the pace of an adventure game with some mystery in a sci-fi setting, then you'll probably enjoy it.  That said, while J.U.L.I.A. starts out strongly, it seems to lose focus over time.  Explainations are not as forthcoming as many may need them to be, and some questions aren't adequately answered leaving a few holes right up to the very end.  Puzzles and systems that obviously had some time put in to them were in many cases used once and never utilized again.  In some places artifical story points needed to be uncovered before the player could follow a glaringly clear path to resolve a situation or solve a mystery.  Finally, the ending was fairly lackluster and didn't really provide much in the way of closure or finalization of the story.  All in all, it could have been better - but it was still a unqiue game that had many interesting movments of mystery, awe and realization, all driven by the actions of the player.It's definitely worth a play through, but don't expect to get much more out of it."
,Not Recommended,257690,24715203,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Vex Mylo,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. I'm usually a fan of point-and-click adventures, especially ones with cool contraptions and/or technology. Unfortunately, this particular point-and-click game just wasn't worth it. The voice acting was distractingly bad, the story was cliche at best, and the game's progression ended up being little more than boring. While the art was fairly good and some of the puzzles were interesting -- I liked the idea of making a detective-esque, figure-out-what-happened sort of puzzle -- they weren't enough to redeem the game."
,Recommended,257690,24077222,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,DelKatey,"Good for casual gamers, and non-casual gamers alike."
76561197970815119,Recommended,257690,25386175,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,cyb-009,"A good old school style space mystery adventure game with an interesting story, but features a few slightly irritating pixel hunting bits, especially near the end.A few of the puzzles stumped me for quite a while, but if you pay attention to what effects your actions have you'll eventually have that oh so satisfying ""Ah ha!"" moment.Nice."
,Recommended,257690,31331413,Posted: 23 April,all,PlasteredDragon,"I recommend this game *only* if it can be purchased for under $10.  The puzzles are a little fun, but pretty easy to figure out.  It is a point-and-click game but not a pixel hunter except in some key locations (which is pretty annoying).  The big reveal is pretty obvious early on, and finally there is absolutely no replay value here.  J.U.L.I.A. is a game you will play once.For $10 you'll get maybe a day or two of entertainment."
76561198133678722,Recommended,257690,32766110,Posted: 25 June,all,mcollisprivate,"When you start this game it feels like a simple P&C game of the 80s.  But the more you play the wider the net gets and the more varied the types of tasks you need to perform.  Very rich story and each place seems to work a slightly different way.  I played this until I completed it in a single sitting - additive much lol?PS: Its a bigger story than you first expect.PPS: At first the AI and Manners conversation seems a little 1 dimentsional, but they gety better as the story unfolds."
76561198032230320,Recommended,257690,33254853,Posted: 4 July,all,Cally,"Paid 5 for it, well worth it. Varied puzzle types. I liked how in most of the game to avoid having to pixel hunt like most point and click type games, there was a way to briefly highlight the areas you could interact with.If you intend to get all achievements, save often, and don't keep overwriting each save like I did."
76561198071700068,Recommended,257690,33525476,Posted: 13 July,all,atorlop,"This game was unreal. I loved it loved it loved it.  I can only express my infinite disappointment that this company have not made any more games on steam just like this.  I am not what you would call an experienced game player, I found the game challenging, and interesting.  I got completely sucked up in the story.  The only thing I would say, is with the more challenging puzzles, a hint or two wouldn't go astray to prevent the occasional ""rage"" quit in frustration.  But I would highly recommend this entertaining game."
,Not Recommended,257690,22720206,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Shadeborn,No promised Russian language = no good review.
76561197970705380,Recommended,257690,18346445,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Volvotank,An interesting game.  Its a fun adventure puzzle game with a solid story.7/10
76561198041108235,Recommended,257690,16569243,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Laskan,"A refreshing change of pace.  Good story, well-done cutscenes, a nice variety of exploration and mini-puzzles.  Sometimes when a game tries to use multiple interfaces (i.e. more than one kind of puzzle or world interaction method) it ends up feeling disjointed and cobbled-together.  Not so in this case, where each new challenge was a welcome surprise.  Nothing here that will break your brain, but it's good entertainment and storytelling nonetheless."
76561198080515939,Recommended,257690,16558488,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kanel,"A very nice little jewl of an adventure game.Wake up from cryo sleep, pod has been damaged, you start investigating the fate of the crew.Start gathering intel, you visit worlds and outposts to find clues about the rest of the crew.Many puzzles to be solved, many clues to keep track on, many corpses to be found.The feeling of being all alone, makes this game creep up on you ;)I want more ^^7/10"
76561197972076777,Recommended,257690,16509495,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jellycrusher,"A very nice adventure game with one major flaw.Pros:- interesting story,- beautiful graphics,- Sci-Fi theme,- just-right difficulty of the puzzles,- diversity of the puzzles,- great overall mood.Cons:- from the scientific point of view, most of the game is rubbish, starting from the explosive NITROGEN (which in fact is almost completely inert and burns at some 3500 Kelvins); it's a pity that no experte ever read the text, and just a biology teacher would suffice).But putting this aside, the game is great."
,Recommended,257690,16510400,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DirkaMan,"Very good atmosphere, some annoying puzzles, and an interesting story. Overall one of the better adventure games ive played."
,Recommended,257690,16511378,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cyllyz,"Loved every moment of this game. The story is very interesting, clues keep you playing all night to find out what happened.10/10I actually learned something from a video game, how dare you!"
,Recommended,257690,16479815,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The Companion,"At the time of this review, I've put in a little over 8 hours into the game and have acquired 22/31 STEAM achievements.You play as Rachel Manners, an astrobiologist that has been awoken from cryosleep to save the probe ship.  Upon your salvaging of the ship, you learn of the terrible fate that some of your crew met on a planet in the solar system you are orbiting.  Through travel to other planets and moons, upgrading the mobile robot that you send to these worlds, and analyzing data/evidence, you are to use reasoning to draw conclusions and understand the order of events as they happened and to work with a discovered sentient race.I have to say that I thoroughly enjoyed this game.  It's not very often that I'm ensnared to the point of trying to get a game finished as quickly as possible so that I can see a story progress.  The story is gratifying and progresses quite nicely.For the most part, this game is a 'Point-and-click' discovery/puzzle' type.  You are on various worlds that aren't entirely habitable by the human animal, so the probe Mobot is sent in your stead.  There is plenty of material present in each of the worlds and the help screens for the puzzles are informative and do not lend to giving away the answer.That being said, if you want to finish the game for the sake of finishing it, I am sure there are guides that enable you to breeze through the puzzles.  However, I found the puzzles refreshing and interesting.  The situational placement of them throughout the game is done well and parallels real life puzzles that you may face if you were that character.The visuals are wonderful with segments of cutscenes throughout.  The different worlds are stunning and I appluad those designers.I find that this game is highly underrated and flies under the radar more than it should.  Absolutely stunning.  I'll be playing through again so as to find other things I may have missed."
76561198002042475,Recommended,257690,16480757,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mint J.,I hate puzzle games but this one was really breath-taking. The scenario is really good and I never got bored during the puzzle-solving stages which were really interesting. 100% would recommend.
,Recommended,257690,16485050,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BillyR,"Very well done point and click sci fi. Excellent images. The story so far has been interesting. This is not an action game, more like an interactive book. Recommended."
76561198018929700,Recommended,257690,16489025,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Marshall,"I am not an adventure type gamer, but I occasionaly do enjoy a puzzle. But.... this game is awesome, it's well writen, puzzles are doable, and since I am big scifi fan, the story really touched me on emotional level.10/10 in Adventure/RPG games10/10 in Indie/crowdfunding games9/10 in all games"
76561198082361516,Recommended,257690,17356335,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,dmauas,"Amazing game, thrilling, interesting, well written, atmospheric.I love such games. They are by far my favorite types of games.I got sucked it immediately and played straight until I finished it.I enjoyed every bit (except for a few overly difficult bits, but I googled them)"
76561198161181516,Recommended,257690,18280668,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Alex D.,"A very good story, art, gameplay, highly recommended!"
76561197977589772,Not Recommended,257690,18039899,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Tromador,"This game was quite fun as far as it went.Unfortunately as far as it went was until I hit a showstopper bug that has been experienced by any number of people.Posting to the forum didn't help and emailing the support contact elicted no response. Sadly, I must class this as abandonware. It's got a number of bugs, some minor, at least one potentially showstopping and nobody is supporting it any longer.Don't waste your money here."
76561198032082875,Recommended,257690,18052110,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,rodgergray,"Decent graphics, nice puzzle solving. The plot was well thought out. Most puzzles could be figured out. Had to go online for a few hints, especially the encounter inside the submarine. Not quite up to the standards of the rest of the game."
76561198162769893,Recommended,257690,13654649,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,elisemsc,Woa SUPER fun game!  I really enjoyed the variety of puzzles and the story line.
76561198026488663,Recommended,257690,15265642,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Slan,"This game plays very much like a hidden-object game but it is a lot deeper than the usual and you don't actually have to look for a list of hidden objects, but there's very little animation in the scenes, unlike most point&click adventures.It has a nice story, a plot twist you see from a mile away and tons of puzzle minigames. I especially liked the cryptography puzzle. The mind-o-matic minigame was fun, too.The game is not that long but still much longer than certain blockbuster shooters, for example.All in all, it was fun, I would recommend it, especially on a sale :)"
76561198298164560,Recommended,257690,23173794,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Mensa GOD,"What an experience that was!  Intense and soothing music that really hits the mood.  Very hard puzzles that make for one to think outside of the box.  I really hope the Devs create another experience like this one, but with a juicy 20+ hour long story!  Amazing game and I have already recommended it to friends!"
76561198172909225,Recommended,257690,23773871,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,LuLu,"I bought this today and as soon as I started the game I was hooked for almost 3 hrs!! Beautiful, immersive, fascinating at every turn. Having a Great time so far in the game! The puzzles are not super Easy but they aren't crazy difficult either.  The game developers seem to have figured out how to make it just hard enough to keep it entertaining. Not bored yet after 3 hrs :)"
,Recommended,257690,23844569,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,JakeOmega,"Suprisingly good! I can't exactly put my finger on what makes J.U.L.I.A.: Among the Stars captivating, but it is. On purely technical grounds, it isn't that great of a game, but I nevertheless greatly enjoyed playing it."
76561198051378539,Recommended,257690,23836001,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Wedrujacy,"Pick a little of advanture, some mistery and part of science fiction and you will have JULIA, an interesting production of point and click game.Prons:- mistery to discover- good puzzles to solve (not too hard not too easy)- interesting storyCons:- not seen, maybe it could be a little longer as always with that kind of game... but on the other way, it means that you can get into story"
,Recommended,257690,23843493,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,NefariousPorpoise,"Story: Very compelling. Couldn't stop myself from playing because I needed to know what happened (and what will happen).Writing: Great! It shouldn't be surprising, though, since the other game I've played by CBE Software (Ghost in the Sheet) was well-written, as well.Graphics: I find them pleasing to the eye.Interface: Simple, colorful, and intuitive. No complaints here.Puzzles: Fun! While most of them aren't terribly difficult, there's enough challenge to feel good about yourself, but not so much that you'll get stuck for ages and ages and lose interest in the game. One or two of the puzzles could have made the goal a bit more clear, but almost all of the puzzles are intuitive and/or sufficiently well-explained. And of course, the most important thing here is that the puzzles are FUN. Even when I got stumped once or twice, I found the puzzles fun enough to work through.Length: A little shorter than I'd prefer, but it's not so short that I felt cheated or anything.So is this game worth the money? Between the great story, excellent writing, fun puzzles, pleasant visuals, and decent length (depending on how quickly solve the puzzles, it probably takes about 8-12 hours to beat the game), I'd say that it is worth the full price (and most definitely worth the sale price).   /2cents"
76561198315341062,Not Recommended,257690,24897306,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,DynamicAnimatic,"Overall, the story was kind of weak. I would reccommend it if you like point and click puzzle games, but if you are looking for a unique scifi narrative this isn't it."
,Recommended,257690,24766335,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,[ÐÄGGËR] FoeHammer,A lovely and lonely but sometimes obtuse adventure.  I rather enjoyed it.
76561198087034683,Recommended,257690,25258531,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Thompson65,"Nice Interesting Space Game with puzzles to decifer.Kind of Mental trainning while enjoying the game.If you like riddles and puzzles then try this one, interesting and enjoyable."
76561198020488283,Not Recommended,257690,17207558,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Labratty,"Came across a stunningly bad science mistake early on which stripped all immersion from the game, was really nice up to that point.As far as a pseudoscience point and click puzzler, quite good, but if you prefer good science based sci-fi you may have the immersion stripped and spend the whole game looking for mistakes.  I stopped soon afterward, no more fun in it."
,Recommended,257690,25046268,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TemeKKi,"Well, it was a nice product. Typical Point 'n Click adventure-puzzle game set in the outer space somewhere far far away. Atmosphere of the game was rather immersive and catchy. Artwork & graphics were enjoyable!Overall I enjoyed the story.Most annoying part of the game (Basicly the only one for me. Maybe it was just me...) was the illogicality of some of its puzzles. Some of those just didn't make any sense. Prepare to have some serious headache.A nice one-time experience. I'd give it a 8/10 points."
76561197990448244,Recommended,257690,25068507,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,=VG= kiwirambob/killabot,"Amazing ... Luv,ed it all the way"
76561197968555056,Recommended,257690,24885990,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,jaffa_geronimo,"not that typical point & click adventure but with less clicking and combining but more mini-games and a lot more thinking.you start with knowing nothing and put the story piece by piece together.several worlds with different characters are waiting to be explored.the (optional) time line game requires you to remember a lot of events in the correct order and may be quite challenging.really nice game, funny dialoges and interesting and exciting story."
76561197969749884,Recommended,257690,25060323,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"Mildly casual point and click adventure with a refreshingly original story. Voice acting and animations are sub-standard, but it's engaging enough for an Indie title."
,Recommended,257690,24780563,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Ghostface Killah,"Excellent game. I love the story, atmosphere, and the visuals are good as well."
76561198028458130,Recommended,257690,26635444,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Reptiliomorph,"Point and click with puzzles, the story is amazing. I quite like story-driven games and this one has a really cool story. I would recommend it, especially if it's on sale."
76561198014824798,Recommended,257690,30896349,Posted: 2 April,all,zoltan.pais,This is great game! I was enjoyed much! Would be nice to see similar games!
,Recommended,257690,27002976,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sebastian Nielsen,"I really found this puzzle game pretty decent, even if its pretty short.I liked the travelling between planets and using items to progress, solving locker codes and hacking datapads.Only thing I dislike is that theres no way to become friends with the planet's inhabiants.Why  this should win the Steam Prize: I think the use of the ""gorillas"" (""ambrosians"") as the planet's inhabitants is the best usage here."
,Recommended,257690,19268929,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,AirCoN,"A great puzzle adventure game. Enjoyed this very much.Some puzzle’s was very hard, and other just need patience. ""or Google ;-)""The voice acting was god, and graphics was nice."
,Recommended,257690,19932371,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Barrel,One of the best point-and-click games i've played during this year. Very atmospheric graphics.
76561198040567293,Recommended,257690,28278249,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,VISION305,Point and click sci-fi game. It is really good and the voice acting is well done. The puzzles range from simple to challenging.
,Recommended,257690,28308700,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,það bergmálar þegar ég anda,Great game+interesting story+nice puzzles+beautiful environment
,Recommended,257690,28796043,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MuttR,"This was one of the first games I bought on Steam and I loved it! There were some puzzles that were confusing or too difficult, but overall I thought it was a great game that kept me engaged the whole time I was playing it."
,Recommended,257690,29025535,Posted: 4 January,all,Second Impact was an inside job,"This will always be a visual novel to me.I'm a sucker for well told stories and boy did I witness such a thing there! The exploration and puzzle apsects of the game are also not to be overlooked, and the OST (composed by a band on which the game dev participates) is quite spellbinding at times too!Whilst Rachel Manners's story is, spoilerino spoilerino, invariably over with this game, I for one wouldn't mind a continuation of this particular universe.8.75/10 solid title."
,Recommended,257690,31129066,Posted: 13 April,all,Live Love Play,"J.U.L.I.A.: Among the Stars is a beautiful and chilling adventure game reminiscent of classic point and click titles. Developed and published by CBE software, J.U.L.I.A. takes the player on a journey of discovery, tragedy, and betrayal. Supported by snarky AI companions, you probe the mysteries of an alien solar system and the ill fate of an expedition.For my full review follow the link below.http://www.iliveloveplay.com/j-u-l-among-stars-game-review/"
,Recommended,257690,30362324,Posted: 6 March,all,Nixxen,"In short;This game is great, with some gamebreaking bugs. Still worth the playthrough.In slightly more detail;This is a brilliant piece of point and click adventure gaming.There's hints and pieces littered all over the place to give you clues about the broader picture of what is going on (and you will need this later!). Reading through the datapads (it's like a little personal blog for the game characters) really brought the world to life, despite ... well... I won't spoil much, but there's some dead people... It makes sense.At any rate. The game progresses along nicely and have you solving puzzles of various kinds - some more obvious than others - some more interesting than others. You usually catch on to what you  need to do quite quickly.Now for the drawback of it all. The one thing to keep in mind; SAVE OFTEN!Yes, it's a point and click game and you can't really die, but just save...I am not sure how many times the game froze, I had a crash to desktop or the game simply refused to continue, but it was more than a few dozen, and usually after a few hours of not saving.Knowing how to solve the puzzles DOES mean that the few hours of playing only means a few minutes of catching up, but if you crash several times in the same area it can be quite tedious.After reloading a save and playing the same sequence again, the game usually doesn't crash - but it's not guaranteed.Despite all the crashes and forced puzzle replays I still think the game was worth it.There was one point (*cough* submarine event *cough*) where I was about to rip out what was left of my hair due to frustration of the frequent crashes. I wont say it gets better, but:Keep calm. Reload the save. Do the SAME thing, and it should work out. Some times...By the end of the game I sort of felt empty. I wish there was more.The story archs were complete, I had solved everything there was to solve, but it was such a great experience and I wanted more.I think GladOS said it best when she said ""I've experiments to run. There's research to be done!"""
76561198196521454,Recommended,257690,31071591,Posted: 10 April,all,wanderwoman222,"A fun little point-and-click adventure. Very pretty artwork, and a good story.  Puzzles not challenging or that interesting for fans of Myst-style games. Sometimes frustrating pixel-hunting, and don't bother messing about with achievements unless you want to drive yourself crazy.  The endings could have been more interesting, but the exploration and unfolding of the story was very cool."
76561198276362891,Recommended,257690,29174282,Posted: 10 January,all,Fulllegal,nice puzzles
76561198028104718,Recommended,257690,29420929,Posted: 22 January,all,bogemic,Great story and visuals. Although some puzzles are hard to solve without a guide.
76561198274101919,Recommended,257690,29420217,Posted: 22 January,all,Maeglan,"If you like Myst you will like this game. It has a similar atmosphere.I was hooked up from the beginning and it has an interesting story line. The game has a LOT to read so it also feels like almost reading a light novel at times.Don't expect some action, this game is very calm and relaxing.The puzzles though were too repetitive, It would be better with more variations through the game. The characters are funny and make the game more entertaining.I had a small bug problem, but with High Perfomance settings everything worked smoothly!I reccomend it!"
76561198165940425,Recommended,257690,29367504,Posted: 19 January,all,sramz,"Great game, interesting and fun. Some puzzles overly difficult, and I just wanted to get back to the game, but online forums got me past those so I didn't lose interest.  Recommended."
,Recommended,257690,29685593,Posted: 3 February,all,maverickdelta,"I bought this game and I was captivated by the story and the puzzles.  It plays as the typical ""hero-wakes-up-not-knowing-what-is-going-on"" mystery.  The presentation is smartly done, even if not groundbraking.  And the challenges usually do not feel out of place.That said, it plays as a typical point-and-click game, with the occasional annoying pixel hunting.  And while I must admit that I am very good at puzzles, some deduction involving the story itself was a little beyond my capacity.Strongly recommended."
76561197975982580,Recommended,257690,34876341,Posted: 10 September,all,BrainJuice,Good game.
,Recommended,257690,33809886,Posted: 26 July,all,Kozak[Linux],"Overall intriguing and entertaining game, can recommend. However the scientific illiteracy in a sci-fi game is quite a turn off('explosive' nitrogen, centrifugal solar panels??)"
76561198022186188,Recommended,257690,34000938,Posted: 3 August,all,selambentolgi,"beautiful game, nice story, enjoyable gameplay and succinct dialogues... highly recommended..."
76561198031260263,Not Recommended,257690,35005875,Posted: 16 September,all,Erik Taurus,"A walkthrough is requiredThis game isn't a puzzle game, it's an entirely new type of genre a ""Trial and error""-gameJ.U.L.I.A.: Among the Starsis beautifully rendered and the voice acting is quite good, but that can't possibly overweigh the fact that most of the ""puzzles"" doesn't make any sense at all. In a game such as this I kind of expect to be able to solve puzzles based on what I've learnt and reading the instruction on how the puzzle works if need be, but not in this game.One part where you reveal some sort of picture when you later use it the picture doesn't look like the one you solved in the puzzle...The first part of the game makes sense, then it just is a ""guess where to go next"" so the negative reviews which mentions drawbacks with gameplay are unfortunately true.I will milk the remaining trading cards then I will uninstallJ.U.L.I.A.: Among the Stars"
