user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,257670,7833729,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Fikle,"Watch This:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jh4nSpV2n4kbefore you play, after that it should be pretty smooth sailing. I did not find the ingame tutorials particularly helpful.I've never played the board game version of this, but I am a board game fan, so I took to this game pretty quickly. Great fun, played it with my girlfriend, we both played two different characters (though this game is not technically multiplayer). This game ishard, perhaps thats why it really gives me ""roguelike"" feels while playing. I really enjoyed it overall, I'd recommened it to friends looking to kill time. Unfortunately it being single player I feel the game loses some of the charm and fun that it would have as a board game played with friends."
,Recommended,257670,14835052,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,wearestarrdust,"Before I purchased this game, I saw many reviews stating they didn't like the game because it was essentially luck. I wondered why they said this, and bought it anyway. Having put quite a few hours into this game (enough to have almost finished once, plus more) I definitely don't think it's luck based. I also own the board game and believe me the computer based version is much easier (mainly because the rules are about as clear as mud for the board game - playing the PC version actually helped clear up some questions with the board game itself)Having said all that; the game can be frustrating. Often you fail a quest a few times and you can't see any reason why accept bad luck, but luck doesn't determine the whole game. It's extremely important to pick the right characters and use their abilities to the fullest. For example, Kate the Scientist is immune to terror effects and really this is one of the most useful abilities in the game. Amanda is able to complete multiple tasks per roll, again an amazingly useful ability. Mandy has a built in ability to (once per day) re-roll two glyphs. Very handy. Sister Mary ignores locked glyphs completely. Last but not least in my go to list of characters is Mark who can complete tasks in any order. This can be extremely advantageous when facing several rooms with numbered tasks.Another way in which this game isn't just luck is the way in which it takes practice. Practice to know when to use a character and when to heal them, and which tasks to give them. Having no prior experience with Elder Signs you can't just pick up this game and be fantastic at it. That would prove it was luck based more than it being difficult I think.Overall, this game is really good and definitely worth what I paid for it. I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone who doesn't mind being occasionally screwed over, but wouldn't recommend it to people who frustrate easily or want to rage quit a lot. The Elder Signs and the surrounding story is also really interesting, especially for fans of H.P. Lovecraft."
76561198000932525,Recommended,257670,7805104,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,LordHippie,"A almost perfect digital version of the board game. It is very RNG, but that what makes it an intense experience. Either you win against the dark gods or you lose horrible and 99% of the time thats what you are gonna do. I would like to see an online multiplayer because playing with other makes it so you are not gonna die alone and just to make it a bit more ""fun"", make it so you can choose ancient one at random.I like this game both digital and physical and this just scratched the board game itch. Have fun dying."
,Recommended,257670,17306979,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,ThePhantomSafetyPin,"The electronic version of the tabletop game by Arkham Horror publisher Fantasy Flight, Elder Sign: Omens pits your group of four unique Investigators (of several to choose from, including unlockable ones) against the horrors of H.P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos monsters. It plays like a Yahtzee-style game, the artwork is gorgeous, and the setting's fun. The game is very challenging and that challenge is not for everyone. The final three Old Ones are BRUTAL to try and beat - Cthulhu likes to sap both health and Sanity, the Dark Pharaoh/Nyarlathotep is a marathon run where you must contend with draining sanity and constantly spawning tough monsters, and Ithaqua's got a mechanic where you have to constantly keep your supplies and rations up or your whole team will die in the cold, unforgiving wastelands. The random number gods are cruel and seem actively against you in this game, making it feel nearly hopeless and as if the game itself wants you to lose. Very fitting for the themes of a Lovecraftian tabletop game!That said, there's still a few things wrong with it.First of all, no multiplayer support. This is a problem, since the original tabletop game is best with a bunch of friends. Also, only four Investigators? Really? In the tabletop version you can have as many Investigators as you have players. There is also no optional rule to choose a new Investigator when one of your group dies as in the tabletop version, a decision which absolutely baffles me. Also, where are Shub-Nigorath and Yog-Sothoth? They've been removed entirely from this version and are nowhere to be found, which truly saddens me as both had some interesting mechanics in the original tabletop game. I hope the developers add them in via patch later, but seeing as this game hasn't been patched in months I doubt that will happen...Do I recommend this game? Yes, I do, if you love Lovecraftian horror, the original tabletop game or Arkham Horror, or like the feeling of gambling without losing any actual money. Otherwise, you'll likely find it much too frustrating for your taste..."
76561198008259791,Recommended,257670,11860347,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,best-raven,"I bought it although my favourite board game of the franchise is Arkham Horror.First impressions are positive: the game looks nice, loading of the screens is fast and smooth, and graphics of characters common with Arkham Horror are nice and shown in quite high resolution.Second impression is mixed: the game is hard, and tutorial is really crappy. It said that drawing of the tokens is random, but it doesn't explain that the tokens are actually d6 dice, so in the beggining you have no idea what the odds are. Also I think that it didn't explain, that blocking of the dice by monters, etc. is global, so removing these blocks are usually do-or-die decisions.Now that I have come to understand the rules better I am extremely happy with the game, and must admit, that it gives exactly the same kind of thrill as much more complicated Arkham Horror. Plus setting up the game doesn't take hours as in tabetop version ;)"
76561198002567771,Recommended,257670,12475528,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Xenus Icelon,"A surprisingly decent game that is perfect for some short term casual play, Elder Sign: Omens appears based off a boardgame, but has made a fairly good transition into a video game. The player takes control of four investigators and chooses who they will be dealing with, with each adventure having their own opponents with their own effects on the game. At first, you'll find easy tasks to do in your home museum. Later adventures expand past the museum, letting you go to other locations as well as giving you entirely new tasks. These adventures can be played in any order as well.While I can not say I know the original boardgame, it does appear to have been four player. It seemed odd at first that they would turn it into a singleplayer game then, but after some playing I can safely say that the four investigators only barely interact with eachother, so instead of four players each playing a fourth of a game, they instead have one player playing the whole thing. Controls are not awful either, as one would expect from a boardgame made into a video game.If you do not like random chance, this may not be something for you. The entire game exists of smaller adventures, in which you get what are essentially dice and need to match dice with the situation's requirements to pass. You may be lucky and complete a difficult quest in one try, or you may spend 3 turns failing at one of the simplest ones.  Luckily, you have items and investigator special powers that will help you get through them. In the end, you will always have an element of random chance in it, but even then, it's a pretty good way to spend some time during slow periods.And, of course, Lovecraft. The adventures have plenty of flavour to them and seem to be pretty close to how one would play through a Call of Cthulhu game, although clearly with less pen and paper roleplaying stuff and with more singleplayer set-in-stone stories that you can progress through.Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagnBe sure to keep him that way, it would be a shame if he woke. Humanity probably wouldn't like it. And you're probably part of humanity."
,Recommended,257670,7906187,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Sincarino,"I almost did not recommend this game for two reasons: there is no multiplayer and zero achievements. However, single player is still entertaining and playable, for now. Also consider that the iPad/tablet version cost $5.99 (last I checked). I played the iPad version which cost me that much and only inluded Yig, Tsathoggua and Azathoth. The other Ancient Ones—Hastur, Cthulhu, Nyarlathotep and Ithaqua—were separate expansions that each came with a $2.99 price tag ($11.96 total plus the initial purchase comes out to $17.95...buying it on Steam with ALL content is amost $3 cheaper).Still, the game in its current state would appear, to many, as lacking in replay value. A future expansion/update to add multiplayer and achievements is needed."
,Recommended,257670,9187942,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,BeefJerkyHunter,"For $15 this game find itself in a hard spot between those adventurous enough to spend some disposable cash to try new things and those who want a guaranteed good game. If this game ever goes on sale for $10 or less, I think that many people would be satisfied.This game is essentially a solo-player board game. You can play it with friends, but being huddled around a computer isn't exactly the most satisfying experience for playing a board game. So play it solo or at most with one partner. If you want to play with four people, buy the board game. Now it may sound rather unappealing having only one player control all of the characters, however this allows that single player to develop strategies that some parties would not be able to come across easily.This game is surprisingly deep and is very replayable. I will admit that I had thought that playing and completing each board once would be it, however my 51+ hours thus far in this game will say otherwise. Each character brings enough to the table for the player to enjoy mixing things up. The more difficult boards also bring a great deal of variety as there are multiple stages to these campaigns. The more difficult campaigns also do have small variations for example, the Dark Phaoroh board has two final bosses that you can face.The game is difficult at start, but as the player is able to better strategize, the game becomes more manageable. The only difficult part of the game that the player cannot exactly control is the randomness of the glyph (dice) rolls. In this game, the player can somewhat control the random factor with items but complete control is impossible. This may be a put-off for some players as RNG isn't exactly appealing for the masses. However, good strategy will prevail over the RNG factors.This board game is based on the Cthullu mythos which may be appealing for some players. For those looking for story here, well, it's a board game and you can't really expect any story. The game does come with snippets and references to Lovecraft's writings. If you have read Lovecraft's writings, you may be amused to recognize some quotes that are in the game.This game retains its touch interface gameplay which can somewhat be a hindrance on the PC. Worry not though, it's still easy to navigate however it would have been nice to see better optimization for screen space usage and actually have tooltips. If you are one a Windows 8 PC with touch capability, then you'll find the retention of touch interface to be nice however the screen space usage issue still stands.This game can be a nice one to play while traveling as its a low pressure game and good for casual playtime (read next paragraph though). So putting this on your laptop/Windows 8 tablet is fairly nice. This game also features a save (only one save though) so if you are ever interrupted, you can always come back to your game later. One disappointing thing is that this game does not seem to work with Steam's cloud save. So as a player who uses a desktop and a Windows 8 tablet, it's unfortunate to see that my progress isn't saved on both devices.I must warn you that this game is excessively power hungry. It's rather surprising seeing a game with low PC requirements hog so much power. This game also starts making my desktop fans whirl which also leads me to believe that optimization, in general, isn't there. It would be nice if the developer can better optimize the game for the PC so that it doesn't drain so much power. Expect to plug in your laptop/tablet after one round. I can even run the game, Dark Souls, for twice as long which is rather ridiculous. With this, it's hard to suggest this as an on-the-go game for your laptop/windows tablet.I think I've said enough here, want a number rating?8/10It's good.Update: Removed my YouTube channel link that I have long forgotten about, and editted some parts."
,Recommended,257670,14549921,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,xsoz,It's great and not that dificult people keep saying. Now I want the physical edition! It would be great if they add multiplayer! It's the kind of game that you'll never unistall from steam folder and will keep you coming back again and again.
76561198048974498,Recommended,257670,10228148,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,rjmacready,"I'll admit to being a bit of a fan of nerdy board games, and I'm an especially big fan of Fantasy Flight's Arkham Horror. I'm also a big fan of the so-called ""Cthulhu Mythos"" (i.e. the one owing as much to Sandy Petersen as H.P. Lovecraft), so given that Elder Sign is apparently the somewhat simplified ""dice game"" version of Arkham Horror, and it's put out by none less than Fantasy Flight themselves...how bad could it or its video game adaptation possibly be?The answer to that question, in my ever-so-humble and highly subjective opinion, is that it's not necessarily ""bad"" at all...but whether or not it's my ""thing"" is another matter entirely...Let me put it this way: as much as I do like board games, I'm not that big a fan of the Monopolies of the world. I don't really care, for example, about moving around a board which vaguely approximates a modern urban landscape buying properties and dealing with banks and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now, you adapt that kind of board to a cheesy fantasy world like that of Talisman, with taverns instead of banks, and you get to play a troll instead of a dog or a thimble, and as well as rolling the dice to see how many spaces you move you add some ""combat"" rolls to the equation, then you're starting to get me interested. You translate THAT game into Arkham in the 1920s with gangsters and Cthulhoid beasts, and now you've REALLY got my attention.The point I'm making is...while we all know, at the end of the day, it's still just rolling some dice and moving some markers around a board, it's the CONTEXT of what said dice-rolling and marker-moving represents, in your imagination, which is the thing that makes all the difference as to how much an individual might enjoy a game. Now, how does all this relate to the single-player VIDEO game I'm currently supposed to be reviewing right here and now, I hear you ask in frustration? Well, HOLD YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING HORSES, I'M GETTING THERE, ALRIGHT!!!The thing about Elder Sign, at least in this computer game version, is that unlike, say, the recent video game adaptation of Chainsaw Warrior - where it DID feel like every virtual dice roll was to see if you hit the zombie with a projectile from your laser-lance, etc - Elder Sign ultimately just feels like a Solitaire-style ""card"" game with slightly prettier / spookier pictures.Now there's absolutely nothing wrong with this...if you like computer Solitaire. If you're someone who DOESN'T require a facade of adventurers and monsters and spooky museums and so forth in order to be engaged by the gameplay mechanics, then there really isn't much ""wrong"" with this game; bar perhaps a rather difficult-to-comprehend tutorial, and a ""luck"" element which does, at least judging from my meagre one and a half hours of gameplay thus far, weigh in just a tad heavily compared to the ""strategy"" elements also inherent in such cardy-type games. But I can see how people would get into this, I really can. Personally, I just couldn't, but maybe that's just me...In the Arkham Horror board game, if one is playing a gangster with a tommy-gun, he/she rolls the dice to see if their weapon successfully kills a monster. In Elder Sign, you conjure ""glyphs"" to do battle with such things, and I'll be ♥♥♥♥ed if I know why a gangster with a tommy-gun is conjuring glyphs when the hulking great be-suited brute should just be firing off lots of bullets in the monster's general direction. I know it's all just a mechanical REPRESENTATION of what's occurring in the player's imagination and blah-blah-blah, but honestly...I guess I just feel this is requiring a little TOO much of my imagination. I can also play Solitaire and pretend that the kings and jacks represent some kind of in-depth political interfacing, but really, at the end of the day, I figure they just had to put SOMETHING on the cards more interesting than the numbers 1 through 10.What I'm saying here, then, is that this isn't really a game for those of us who want to be taken on an escapist ""journey"" when we play a video game. This is more for the types of people who like relatively context-free ""strategy"" games, i.e. the kinds of games which usually come for FREE when one buys a computer. Which is why, after seemingly sitting on the fence on this one, I'm going to ultimately NOT RECOMMEND it. Fifteen bucks is a tad steep for this type of game...even half that would be pushing its luck, pretty pictures and all. If you're the kind of person who does enjoy a nice, quick, super-challenging game of Solitaire etc, I WOULD perhaps recommend this to you...but even then, maybe wait for it to be five dollars or less, on sale.Now here's hoping they turn Arkham Horror into a competent video game. That one, I promise you, would be well worth the fifteen bucks...Verdict: 4/10.UPDATE: Okay, so it's been quite some time since I first posted this review, and I've just recently taken the plunge of purchasing and playing the physical tabletop game, convinced that any spin-off of Arkham Horror couldn't possibly be that bad. And you know what? It isn't. (It's not as good as Arkham Horror, but for a scaled-down variant, it's pretty decent.) So I decided to jump back into this digital version of the game, and see if I'd been too harsh on it the first time 'round.Answer: yes, I was. But not by all that much.Despite adding music and spiffy sound and visual effects, this video game version still fails to convey a sense of setting in the way that the physical game does. Add to that a pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tutorial (I can see why I was so baffled the first time around), and the small problem that you can't see all your card options layed out in front of you at once (you have to click on each one, then try to remember which is which), and yeah...the physical game is decidedly more ""user-friendly"" than this one, I'm afraid to say. And, for the fact, quite a bit more fun.I'm going to change my original assessment to a thumb-up, but I'm only recommending this to anyone who has: a. played and liked the tabletop game, and b. really, really hates taking all the bits out of the box and actually SETTING UP the tabletop game. Beyond that, I really can't see why you'd choose this version over that one. Then again, I guess it's probably cheaper than the boxed version, if you're the kind of tight♥♥♥♥♥♥who considers such things a swaying point...Revised Verdict: 6/10."
,Recommended,257670,10009926,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Wereboar,"I played this game for quite a while. And I like it - yeah it gives the table-top some computer conversion and this is fun to play. The great old ones are tough to beat and you need some good strategies, but those strategies also might fail.Since this game has some random element as most tabletops or card games, you can either fail through bad luck or by using the wrong *ahem* investigator on the wrong playground. I just hope that there will be some expansions for the game, since there are still a lot of great old ones missing ...Tabletop fans will love this game, most other players might get hit at the head because of the many trial and error experiences this game might offer. But on the other hand, not all games can be won. I managed to beat Yig and Tsathoggua, and the last one with very much effort - so yeah, I beat them but I didn't master the game. I like this insecurity, sometimes dice will get locked... which of course even offers more suspense and frustration at the same time.Always keep the special abillities of your investigators in mind - it will give the edge you need to get your foe down.Solid 9/10 for playabillity and fun."
76561197968657460,Recommended,257670,7914743,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Guernsey,"Ok so what is Elder Sign: Omens?Watch this for game playhttp://youtu.be/9oJeUy6GdCMor read this reviewIt's a Lovcraftian cthulhu mythos single player dice game produced by Fantasy Flight Games. Now if you know board games you'll have just gotten interested cause these guys are the bomb when it comes to table top gaming. They make Arkham Horror, Battle Star Galatica, Relic and several dozen more awesome games.The game play looks complicated to start with (shame there are no tool tips), but soon it feels natural and you zip through turns. There is an element of chance, as you roll dice, but careful use of investigator's abilities and items lets you stack things in your favour. There are Lovcraftian chalanges, evil books, evil libraries no evil libraians :( and naturally portholes to other dimensions. Suceed at these you get prizes, fail and bad things happen (monsters, injury, madness and the destruction of the world.)   It's hard as nails latter on, though how hard it is depends very much on the investigators strength and weaknesses. I highly recommend taking a random selection as this makes the game both more challenging and more replayable.The PC version contains all the DLC from the tablet versions, basically extra boards and new ancient Lovcraftian beasties. This make for a game that will last 10 or so hours on a speed run through, but it has excellent re-playability if this is your genre.It's also a port from ISOs. Like most ports it has its share of porting problems; game assets are up-scaled rather than true HD so they can look a little blurry at 1080p, menus needlessly cover up other menus and there are no tool tips.Overall I recommend this to anyone who's into the cthulhu mythos and/or board games. The game play is excellent, but single player only and tablet port problems can irritate."
76561198046530140,Recommended,257670,30812511,Posted: 29 March,all,schimmel72,"The Short & Dirty (no, not me):I never played the boardgame but am a huge fan of the Lovecraftian Mythos.  That being said, it is a fun game and does require strategic thinking to survive and advance.   The ""deck"" IS stacked against you as player and random ""dice"" rolls can and will wreck your well laid plans so expect that.My only complaint is that, once you're done unlocking new survivors, there really is no motivation to continue unless you're some kinda points junkie,"
,Recommended,257670,10680960,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mnemophage,"This is a hard game. And that's okay, because you shouldn't be able to minigun Hastur to death.This is a random game. And that's okay, because it's based on a board game which revolved entirely around random dice mechanics, whose primary mode of human interaction was the ability to learn how to manipulate that chaos into something approximating success.This is a port of a handheld title. And that's also okay, because Steam is an entirely new audience with an entirely different pricing system, and paying $15 for something on the iPad probably qualifies a person for involuntary institutionalization, even without the intervention of Hastur in the proceedings.Really, it's a nice reproduction. Sure, I can easily pick out a handful of complaints - there's nothing new, for example, which is a thing you have to consider when rereleasing an older IP. There's the philosophical ickiness inherent in selling a game birthed in what is inherently a social medium for single-player enjoyment, though that, too, can be argued as a means for board gamers to enjoy their favorite products without the necessity of trying to wrangle four separate schedules and convince people to help you lose at a piece of cardboard.Should you buy it? Well, it actually depends. I did, and I paid full price for it, and I'm satisfied. Single-player board games do scratch an itch of mine; I like the original product, and like the idea of being able to play it whenever I bloody well please. Furthermore, I want to support the notion of board games going online, with (most of) the bells and whistles inherent in PC gaming. It's an untapped market, and it'll bring people into the hobby I love.If any of those reasons sound familiar, then please, be my guest. If none do, then it might help to wait for a sale. It'll wait. Be chill. You can minigun Hastur any time y-wait, what's that noiseeverything's gone strangelight in the dark light is the darksomething's coming through the window what isskin feels strange flesh is the familyeyes being windows to thesomething's coming through the windowsomething's comingsomething's coming"
76561198040729471,Recommended,257670,12982933,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Zerana,"I owned tabletop game Elder Sign before I bought this one and to tell the true, I wish for this one, but also I was not sure, if it is a good idea. Tabletop Elder Sign is definitely the weakest of the franchise of Arkham Horror games (mostly, because it is so simple to win, that I lost once in a twenty games - but it get better with expansion) and the only thing I look forward was atmospheric music and simple handling.I get both and far more! This game is much harder than the Tabletop version and also offer a quests and story lines out of  museum. Of course, only with adequate Ancient one, but I do not think, that is any true problem. Atmosphere of the game is great, Ancient ones are much more diverse than in a tabletop version, the game is very simple to understood jet hard to win and thanks to cinematic sequences you have a good feeling from winning or loosing.I recommend this to anybody who like good atmosphere of Lovecraftian horror and simple, jet not so easy tabletop games."
,Recommended,257670,28545324,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,mithras,"I have played the board game many, many, many times for what seems like aeons.  So many times, actually, that the main focus of the board game is just completing adventures to win anymore.  It's easy to take for granted the great theme that is attached to this game (and skip reading all of the flavor text and such).  Playing the computer game, I really got a feel for that Lovecraftian atmosphere ... again.  They really did such a great job of capturing it, too.  Dark, mysterious, forbidden, and unknown - it's all there.  The way they handled the art as the backdrop for the adventure and all of the little touches.  I am very impressed, and I would like to try all of the different game modes, too.10/10 - would gouge my eyes out kicking and screaming to prepare for my arrival at R'lyeh again."
,Recommended,257670,8193875,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mr. Manny,"This is a decent adaptation of the board game where a group of four investigators try to stop the Lovecraftian older gods from awakening by solving tasks. Some planning and strategy is involved, on top of a lot of dice rolling. If you are looking for an awesome gameplay example (of the board game), check Wil Wheaton's show Tabletop on YouTube:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jh4nSpV2n4kBut be warned, the game can be tough as nails. Actually winning a game is more of a rarity than a guaranteed success."
76561198079692946,Recommended,257670,27601875,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Snakedoc76,"I purchased this game after playing the game on a table top with friends. You need to observe a different set of tactics then you would the table top. It's also single player only game, so take that for what it's worth."
76561197969749884,Recommended,257670,33967891,Posted: 2 August,all,Sarkoth,"Elder Sign: Omens plays very similar to the Arkham Horror boardgame. It is a great simulated boardgame with only one single drawback: Missing multiplayer support. Apart from that it is the most fun I've had in a long time with a lovecraftian boardgame.The game mechanics are simple: Collect elder signs by completing quests with lots of RNG by matching randomly rolled runes, try not to die along the way and be fast enough to keep the doom-gauge from hitting a certain level, which translates to an instant loss. Depending on what ancient horror the party of 4 is playing against, the necessary amount of signs or doom points differs greatly. The game has five pickable bosses with different difficulty levels, two of which have more than one ""phase"" of gameplay, meaning there's also a changeup of gameplay mechanics along to way on the two very hard campaigns.Initially got this through a bundle and ended up playing this a lot more than I would have ever anticipated."
,Recommended,257670,10051574,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Dimitri Cosmos ✅,"Though this game is very hard and often your chance of winning is determined by pure luck/misfortune, this game is worth playing; especially, if you are a fan of Ctulhu Mythos and Fantasy Flight Games. Board game experience without wasting your time on card shuffling and dice rolling. You can play this game both alone or in hotseat up to 4 players in one team.It has unlockable content, too, which adds extra motivation for taking up the challenge of sealing away more difficult Elder Ones.This game could be less expensive, in my opinion. But, on the other hand, 14 EUR is about the same you pay buying the portable version on iOS or Android with all the expansions. Also, at least in my country, you would pay around 28 EUR for the actual board game, which is almost the same.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jh4nSpV2n4kMy overall rating for this game is 7/10."
76561197982881963,Not Recommended,257670,17677656,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Razter,"I like the game. I like the original board game. I don't mind difficult games.But....This digital version kinda ruins the original.- The probability gen for the dice rolls is WAY broken. Example: I need 1 scroll. I roll 6 green dice to completion and never get a single scroll. Chances of this happening are 2.2% (97.8% success chance). Yet It happens all the time.- They've removed some of the original rules to make this even harder (being able to stop a mission after completing a step). This rule NEEDS to be in the game, because sometimes a misson is impossible. I've had missons come up that ended up with a monster attached to them later. The mission + monster sometimes requires more dice than what you can even have (your max dice is 8 but the misson may require 9).- Really difficult missions popping back up RIGHT AFTER you just completed that misson (Im mainly referring to stuff that has a midnight effect, thus you may have just spent all your turns in a round just to get rid of it)Original game is great.This game is just something that will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off until you finally give up."
,Recommended,257670,9401440,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,The Swedish Chef,Game is solid... Has a little steep of a learning curve. After you get the hang of the basic strategies and team composition etc. youll be golden. Still enjoying this title. Love Fantasy Flights tabletop games and this is a great adaptation. I do wish it would have a multiplayer component. but that is for another day.
76561197993726701,Recommended,257670,28603551,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Coffeeslave,"Yo, this game is hard. I mean really hard. Even playing on very easy, this game is hard. So if that's what your looking for,  then this and dark souls should make your day."
76561198184491173,Recommended,257670,26985248,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DarkRake,"An adictive, hard and fun game to play, if you like tabletop games but dont have many friends to play, this is a good option."
,Recommended,257670,32375709,Posted: 12 June,all,rmz,"Elder Sign: Omens is a digital version of the popular board game by Fantasy Flight Games. Build a team of unique investigators and fight to keep an all-powerful Ancient One from invading our world!Well, it's exactly what it says on the cover. It's a pretty accurate digital version of a board game. Now, if you like board games you know that FFG makes some of the best. And this one is quite good. One might argue it's too much luck based, but it how these games roll. Elder Sign makes you assemble a team of investigators, each with unique skills and abilities, and try to avert the end of the world. There are several scenarios, each one is a fight against a different ancient one, and they vary from a-bit-hard to hard-would-be-easy. Game might get repetitive after a while, but in doses it's really great (as long as you like board games). One thing to note, it's single player only, no multi.I liked:* good representation of the board game* lovercraftian lore* nice graphicsI disliked:* can be quite annoying when the dice hate youGet this if:* you like board games and lovercraft* you like board games and horror storiesDon't get this if:* you'd like to play with friends"
,Recommended,257670,11193661,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,gaftfreak,"This will be the funnest game you've ever hated to play.The most frustrating thing about this game is that it feels like it's 49% strategy and 51% luck. I won't go into the specifics of the system, but be prepared to loose many, many times. You will spend an hour picking out the perfect team, completing tasks, aquiring items, earning money, and advancing slowly to the boss battle, which you will loose because - at the end of the day - the system is based entirely on a 1 in 6 chance that your die will land on a specific face.Don't get me wrong, I like this game. I owned the board game before I bought this, and they play exactly the same. It's a good time vampire, and they do a nice job with some basic naration and cinematics. Another plus is that this game plays nicely on Linux and slower computers. There IS some fun to be had in the strategy of this game, and when properly deployed, can usually defeat the easier Ancient Ones.PS - If anyone over at Fantasy Flight Games is reading this review, WE WANT A DIGITAL ARKHAM HORROR GAME! I would pay $60 for that little slice of heaven. You guys did such a nice job digitizing Elder Sign!"
,Recommended,257670,29721805,Posted: 5 February,all,sutherndesign,"Elder Sign was an unexpected treat and I love to play it with my cousin. Great party game! We're both Lovecraft/horror fans and the writing in the game transports my imagination to beautifully-creepy places. The gameplay itself is incredibly challenging – dice-rolling, based on luck and odds. The game-build is solid and high quality with amazing artwork – an added bonus. I'd recommend this to anyone who likes strategy and horror-genres, but beware it requires patience."
,Recommended,257670,18039677,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,hahaho635,"This Game man. This Game! I played the same senario many times but something haunts me. Whether its the ghost of Death or Misfortune, I do not know. Everytime I run this game, I pray to the RNG-esus! For...""May the odds be ever in your favor""If you do not rain triumphant, only Oblivion awaits you at the other side.8.5/10"
76561198045401832,Recommended,257670,17179397,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,SoloPlayah,"This game is not 100% luck no matter what some reviews say. Try to tilt the odds in your favor by analyzing which rooms to explore with particular characters.  Get items and use abilities to use a yellow and/or red glyph, clues, and save/hold specific glyphs.The artwork is fantastic and the atmosphere, personality, and gameplay is just what you would expect from a superior H.P. Lovecraft game.Is this game hard? Yes, but I practiced and finally was able to put the pieces together and see how to actually win a room..lol..Obviously it is not impossible since others have won. I don't understand why a few reviewers said not to watch the tutorial videos- the instructions were helpful to me.The only real negative is that GUI is a tablet port, so there is no right clicking for help on items/abilities (you must go to yoru character's menu to see that).HIGHLY RECOMMEND for Lovecraft fans and those who don't get upset over dice games."
76561198066971781,Recommended,257670,20465769,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,sketch_zeppelin_ag,"A nice port of the dice game.In Elder Sign you pick a team of four investigators, each with special ablites and together you take on the worst of what Lovecraft has to offer.The game is set in fantasy flights Arkham board game univers which is based of the writings of H.P. Lovecraft.  In the game you have to seal away an ancient one before it rises and destroys the world.  how do you do that? Well...by rolling dice...yup.Most fo the Campains take place in the Arkham Museum.  A number of random adventures are ""drawn"" and you pick an investigator to takle them by rolling dice and trying to get specific combinations of symbols.  You have items to give you things like more dice or rerolls to help you get the roll you need but the game mostly boils down to pure luck.  Fortuantly the game is well presented and it doesn't take long to play so it makes for a light time waster despite the dark theme.The look and feel of the Arkham universe is well represented with lots of the art taken straight from the board game and given a nice touch up. music and sound effects are creepy and what little animation and voice acting is well done.There are even some extra hard Campains that have several phases and despite being bull♥♥♥♥♥♥hard are a nice additon.my only gripe is that in the original game if you couldn't stop the ancient one from rising then you have a last ditch chance to beat them in a boss fight.  In this version if the ancient one ever awkens you just auto lose. kinda a disapointment.  Also i think the game is a little pricey as you can get actual board game for only a bit more.Not the best Arkham game fantasy flight has ever made but a pretty good video game adaptation of it."
,Recommended,257670,12406776,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,rand_therrin,"As  Cthulhu mythos fan and a fan of the original board game, Elder Sign Omens is a great game.Pros: (spoilers?)-30 investigators, many more options than in the board game and more unique abilities-unique Old Ones abilities, the board game had abilities but they only ever added a specific die/glyph roll to effects.  Omens make this much more varied and therefor different from each other-Cthulhu, Nyarlathotep, and Ithaqua have engaging multi-stage challenges that spike the difficulty, great for when you need a real challenge**-Many more adventures that in the table top version, more other worlds and monsters as well.  There are a few basics that will pop up in most games but almost every game will be different-Very nicly done graphics and music, they set the tone of uncertinty that follows Cthulhu mythos-Each adventure and monster has a sentance or two in lore that explain the situation,**-This game is hard.  All the tabe top games in the series are suppose to be difficult and this is no different, enjoy the challangeCons:-30 investigators, that is a lot of abilities you need to learn and balance, also several of these are locked untill you have met in-game requirements-Single player only... you are required to use all 4 investigators, while playing solo allows you to think out your own stratagy the system begs for a multi player, but unless you have friends who all want to sit at your screen, too bad-The tutotial sucks, many things are half explained such as the glyphs are based off the d6 dice used in the table top version (hint there are NO terror/tentical glyphs on red/yellow) watch this:Table Top Elder Signfor some help-This game is hard... I mean really frikkin hard.  The format allows for a much faster version of the table top game but this is by no means a casual experiance.  The dice/glyph rolls are random, as are the adventure and some mythos/midnight effects.  after a few games in a row that all lose because of bad luck will have you cursing the ancient ones names.  I suggest the occasional rage quit and some L4D2 stress releif before returning to kick thier butts down hard.**Extras:-If you are a glutton for that really hard game play the Cthulhu, Nyarlathotep, and Ithaqua specialty campaigns have extra rules and requirements above and beyond normal game play-The Lore sections on the adventures and monsters is never even hinted at in game, clicking the monster or adventure NAME after starting the adventure will show you the lore"
76561198268722644,Recommended,257670,25847349,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Scarl3tPirat3,"Had to buy this one, I own the physical game and all 3 expansions, this game is very true to the physical one, like what they have done replacing some elements with alternatives such as locations on a map instead of adventure cards and glyphs in a book instead of rolling dice, although it says in the description that it includes the expansions, having played the expansions it should have added some extra things to the game for instance Unseen forces expansion should add Bless and curse cards and a black curse die along with a white bless die, the Gates of Arkham expansion adds gates and Skill Cards as well as event cards and Omens of Ice should add adventures in Alaska with weather tokens and a Day chart that lasts 7 days (at midnight you advance one day along the track) but I haven't seen any of these for sale or in the game so if anyone can enlighten me as to where in the game you find the expansions or what they are I would be grateful, one thing I did notice was some of the investigators from the expansions but anyway a great job has been done it's a fantastic game and you don't have the hassle of packing everything away at the end, I highly recommend it."
76561198203614376,Recommended,257670,23819784,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Anapoda,"Excellent game, more deeper than it first seems. (if you use your brain) The best part of it is how amazingly well the Lovecraftian thematic is in this game. You are in a novel from Lovecraft, the visual, the music, everything is very well done.I strongly recommend it."
76561198048348178,Recommended,257670,12504967,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Uncle Grim,"This game is fun if you're bored and just feel like rolling dice.What's the Game Aboout:Choose a card, roll dice to match the card's symbols. If all symbols match your dice you collect the card's reward(s). Do this to accumulate items, trophies, and Elder Signs. Collectenough ""Elder Signs"" before the ""Elder God"" ie Boss collects his needed ""Doom"" tokensand you win the game.You Lose when:-All your Adventurers die-Adventurers die when eithor their Sanity (Brain tokens) or Stamina (Heart tokens) reaches zero-The Elder God reaches his needed Doom TokensGame Jargon + Translation:-Unique Cards - (Generally) give you an extra Red Die to roll-Common Cards - (Generally) give you an extra Yellow Die to roll-Spell Cards - (Generally) lock your dice so you aren't forced to reroll them-Clues - Reroll as many dice as you want-Trophies - In game currency used for replenishing Sanity/Stamina meter, or buying Items including Elder SignsThat's the entire game, add to this each investigator has their ownlittle spin which gives them specific advantages over others, andmonsters get spawned to add to the amount of symbols to match, and you canfigure out the rest (if there is anything left).Is the game fun? It's essentially themed singleplayer yahtzee.So if you like the sound of that then yeah sure it's fun, but don't expect much else."
76561198051616250,Recommended,257670,24502782,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Spaz,"Awesome game, very addictive, loved it very much.  There is a bit of a learning curve, so to help new people out, here are some basic rules / info about the game:It's no lie.  The RNG will hate you 80% of the time, but then you will have that one golden run which makes up for it.Pay attention to the unique stats and abilities of your investigators and make sure you are using the most appropriate investigator for the adventure / challenges you are taking on.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------Clue Items  - look like a footprint - (white) - allows you to re-roll your glyphsSpell Items - Look like a book - (purple) - usually consist of Glyph locks, heals, and very rare Wildcard GlyphCommon Items - look like a pistal - (yellow) - pot luck - could be Yellow Glyph, Peril Morph, scroll morph, heal, etcUnique Items  - look like a dagger - (Red) - Pot Luck - usually a Red Glyph or Monster killer, or healStar / pentagram with circle around it  - ELDER SIGNS - these are the most important and what you need to winPlanet with ring around it - this opens a portal to another dimension which usually gives awesome loot or bonus Elder signs and worth unlocking  (Investigator Gloria is really great with defeating these)Doom - looks like a wraith - you do not want these - too many and you will fail completelyGLYPHS (these are what you roll when taking on an adventure / challeges)Spyglass / investigations - can be a 1, 2, or 3Terror Glyph - looks like tentaclesPeril Glyph - looks like a SkullLure Glyph - Looks like a ScrollYELLOW GLYPHS - can never roll a Terror (tentacles)RED GLYPHS - have a chance to roll wildcard (guy with pistol)Only Red and Yellow glyphs can roll a number 4Adventures with green weeds around them have a built-in Terror affect which kicks in whenever you fail to complete one of the challenges in the adventure after rolling.Adventures with a green arrow pointing downward have an entry effect - (I really hated those) read them carefully!Green globe adventures are an outer Dimension and USUALLY worth going after.Be careful of monster build-up - while sometimes having a monster pop-up in an adventure can actually make it easier to complete, most of the time it makes them harder.It is best to destroy monsters with +doom effects using a Monster Killer which nullifies it.Investigators with lame / unimpressive abilities (from my experience) seem to have better luck with the RNG.Finally, it helps if you have actually read some of the H.P. Lovecraft stories - which is what this game is based on.   For example, Yuggoth is mostly about insanity, so keeping monster count down and having investiagors with high mental abilities will be helpful.  Conversely, Ithaqua is mostly HP so you want some high HP investigators to take him on.  As you play along, you will get the idea.  The mummy is most mental as well I believe.Anyhow, I hope this helps a lot of people out; and don't get too disgusted b/c the thing about RNG is you just never know how it's gonna end.   I actually defeated one boss with only one character two investigators alive.. *shrugs* go figure lol."
,Recommended,257670,28634094,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Drunken Wisdom,"I love this game, simple to play but super challenging. Has the right feel and atmosphere for the content. Touch friendly too, for the most part."
,Recommended,257670,22654720,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,bbbd,So good so fun!  Lets get the Expansions going on this thing already!
76561197964734178,Recommended,257670,11935116,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Apone,"With its haunting music and beautiful artwork the game draw's you into the Cthulhu Mythos.  But be warned this game can be hard but not to the point of frustration.  When your fearless party expire to death or insanity, it makes you want to jump back in and take the fight to the old one's.The aim of the game is pick four investigators and use these heroes to thwart the Old Ones plans.  Each of the investigators start with some form of benefit and with the right combination you have a good chance to succeed.  The game is easy to pickup and play and highly recommend it for Cthulhu buffs."
,Not Recommended,257670,24007441,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Spotted Train,"I own the boardgame as well. The videogame format makes playing single player less of a hassel (and much less sad). The trouble is that all the rules are so much more strict in the videogame. The boardgame is hard enough as it is, but this game will reuse tedious missions that would normally be in the bottom of the deck, and won't allow any character to use the gift shop without wasting their entire turn. And while the 2-4 part adventures are cool aesthetically, they wipe almost all of your progress and change the function and objectives of the base game I loved. I get that they wanted to tell more of a story, but if I wanted a story I would read Lovecraft. On top of all that, the RNG in this game is awful. If you lose, 99% of the time it will not be your fault. That's not too different from the base game, but at least then you could shout at the dice. In this, since starting a new game is so easy, it's hard not to just end a game after you go on a losing streak. It gets tiring. My recommendation: Buy the boardgame and get some friends. That's a much better experience."
,Recommended,257670,8852785,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Grim_2o0o,"I haven't felt this insane since Dark Corners of the Earth, it's like I am actually stabbing these Deep Ones for real.This game would make a great party game for when you decide that all of you have had way too much to drink and begin realising that maybe watersports isn't such a bad kink, you whoop this out and before you know you'll be splicing each other's stomachs up and start bathing on the entrails of your friends, and summon Elder Things for cheap tentacle porn.And that's when your mother walks in the room and asks if you and your friends want refreshments.Goddammit mom we're busy here geez do you know how to knock urgh parents right."
76561198018166493,Recommended,257670,32875003,Posted: 27 June,all,"Your Lord and Saviour, Cthulhu",hard as ♥♥♥♥. pray for rngesus.
,Recommended,257670,17671929,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Lerxst,Lots of fun!
,Recommended,257670,7914883,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Nurgle523,"Great game if you are into fairly still gameplay. I mean, no moving graphics, excepting the cutscenes. The losing cutscenes make it FUN to lose. Learn to manage your glyphs and learn to manage the gameplay on the level of each encounter. The rest is easy if you manage glyphs and items.Learn to keep what you don't need to use, and only use what you MUST. You never know what trouble you need to overcome.Each level is one to three set pieces. I don't know how to describe them. Some of the villians have larger campaigns. I lost almost about to win the Dark Pharaoh campaign, but the losing cinematic made me feel like it was fun to lose.There are several character to choose from to make a party of four. Each has abilities. You can try to make synergistic party or if you like, make a random part and try your best.It is single player only but I have found that to be not an issue. You can play with a friend but youd need to come up with some plans on your own. Like four people deciding for one character? Anyway it's a game that explores what none other has, aside from the real actual board game."
,Recommended,257670,8161954,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[H4H]Tenks,If you like Lovecraft check this out
76561197970732927,Not Recommended,257670,9032135,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Alois71,"Learning curve is little bit too step for those that aren't familiar with the board game, the randomizer for the dice throw (spell book) is little on the ridiculous side, went through a whole game stuck on the currator with midnight effect and got plenty of 3 point magnifying glasses but almost none of the scrolls needed even with focus and lock of rolls. Had kind of high hope's of a relaxing casual game play, not the irritation of being stuck on some stupid thing like badly scripted randomizer.After playing for few hours I have kind of mixed feelings about the game, giving it 2 star's out of 5.If you don't mind bad RNG then go ahead and grab a copy."
76561197970613608,Recommended,257670,16280188,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Magnatude,"Ok... 7 hrs in here's what I got to say...As a chronic player of Arkham Horror Board games, I was quickly catching on to the unforgiving mechanics of the game. This is a very challenging single player experience with that Arkham horror feel.It’s niche, so this game may not appeal to all gamers. But if you like Arkham Horror, this game will be a great time waster for you.It contains a lot of the content from Arkham Horror, including familiar investigators, monsters and Entities. The dice mechanics is more interesting, as you need to weigh your chances of getting the desired results.Get used to cursing yourself for not seeing the obvious at times, wishing for an undo button. And expect to go through a number of games to understand the way you can save dice results.Yig will be an obtainable victory, however any other Entity you face will be an extreme challenge. The difference is more like Yig = Hard... (skip extremely difficult, or almost impossible or just impossible) Other Entity’s = Extremely ImpossibleAt least, that is what it feels like.You will need to build an understanding of your investigators individual special abilities and use them to help you save the world. Anything less will result in failure.Great game for Arkham Horror players, but may frustrate or enfuriate anyone new to this world."
76561198012232447,Recommended,257670,23831837,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Carefor,Really great presenation and entertaining beer and pretzels sort of game. Perfect for mobile or inbetween gaming.
,Not Recommended,257670,11413125,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Ria,"This game is definitely a mixed bag. It is fun, but there are no words to describe how difficult it is to actually win an adventure. Because the rolls are left mostly to chance, there's only so much you can do as far as strategizing is concerned. It took me probably 10-15 games to finally win one and now that I have, I can die happy.If you're really into the Arkham games, you will probably enjoy this one as well to some extent, but don't think that it's anything like the board games.I'm not recommending this game just because for many people, the miniscule chance of success would probably ruin any fun they may have playing it. If the idea of losing time and time again doesn't bother you, then definitely grab it."
76561198015028690,Recommended,257670,27295843,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Decimation,"Great game, not the easiest and requires a good slice of luck, but still great."
76561198040968199,Recommended,257670,26544312,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Crucesdave,I enjoy the game but can't get past the second monster. Still learning but it is definetly worth a buy if you are a Lovecraft fan.
76561197969421365,Not Recommended,257670,7829746,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,BoxingBiochemist,"I want to love this game.  I love the board game to death, and this makes a wonderful attempt at provoking the same atmosphere.  The problem with this game is the RNG factor.  The way you play the game is by selecting an adventure, conjuring a set of ""glyphs"" and then matching the glyphs to the ones required by the adventure.  If you do not have the proper glyph(s) to complete the adventure, you may reconjure your glyph set.  However, when you reconjure a glyph set, the number of glyphs in the set reduces by one.  If you cannot match all the adventure glyphs before you run out, the adventure is failed and your investigator suffers the consequences.I cannot stress enough how much RNG is in this game.  While each character has their own unique abilities, many of them simply cause more RNG.  (One allows a ""clue"" which usually allows one complete reroll at no number penalty to instead be two rerolls at no number penalty.)  Some, however, allow you to change one particular glyph type to another particular glyph type once per day.  However, if you do not need the second glyph type, the power doesn't help.  It is incredibly frustrating to need one particular glyph, use all your clues rerolling, reconjure until you have no glyphs left, and never get that particular glyph.  For instance, this happened to me against a particular adventure four times in a row.  I have never been so frustrated.Another RNG problem comes in the form of certain adventure effects.  Some adventures have effects on the overall game if left unchecked (a great idea).  One such effect is that if the adventure is left until midnight, it has a detrimental effect (again, great idea).  The problem with this is two-fold.  The day is divided into four parts and your adventurers each play during a particular part.  This means that if a midnight-proccing adventure spawns in the last quadrant, your last investigator MUST attempt that adventure if you wish to avoid the adverse effect.  The other problem is that midnight-proccing adventures can spawn anytime another adventure is completed.  This means that if your fourth quadrant investigator completes an adventure and the next adventure that spawns is a midnight-proccing one, the time will change to midnight and the effect will proc with no way of stopping it.My recommendations for this game:- No game is without redemption.  This game is SO close to being a highly recommended game, but it falls short in that the tactics are rather shallow and a lot of the game is based solely on luck.  I would recommend changing the style of the game into more of a card game.  This would mean that your glyphs were essentially things you could play against the adventure rather than having to match the symbols.  This would also open up more interesting investigator powers.- If two investigators are working together on an adventure, allow the second adventurer to be more than a sherpa.  Let them use their powers or items or something.- I like that certain adventures have effects on the game as a whole, but the ones that cause midnight effects should not be allowed to spawn just before it turns to midnight, meaning that there is no way for the player to avoid the effect.In conclusion:  While I can't recommend this game, I love the people who made it.  It's a great attempt and with a bit of tweaking this could become a fantastic game.  I want to see more from these developers because they show serious potential."
76561198097002034,Not Recommended,257670,8189215,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Gamer Discord,"Stay far away from this game. Thanks to its RNG system all skill goes out the window. So called ""adventures"" are basicly slot machine mini game. Did you get a match? Too bad you lose!!!!. Use and item to try to at least give yourself a chance? Here are the excat same glifs as before. Missing that one glif to complet this task? TOO BAD!I have played Pen and paper games simualr to this, yes the odds are against you. That is lovecraftian horror. With that said, you still have a chance to at least win. You cannot win unless the RNG is really kind to you and gives you what you need to complet your task.DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE!!!!"
76561198027105340,Not Recommended,257670,9829770,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Five OClock,The game play heavily varies based on random draws. So you can play for 20 minutes then get a YOU LOSE set up with a couple of random bad draws.You can also get extremely easy random draws. So I never really felt like I won it just seemed random.This could be a fun strategy game if your choices actually meant something. The random event draws were far more important than my characters or strategy. Disappointed.
,Not Recommended,257670,28962317,Posted: 2 January,all,The Count of Monkey Disco,"This review is more focused on the actual play of the game... the ""computerized"" aspects of the game are fine... graphics, music, mechanics, etc.It's just that THIS GAME (adapted from a board game just in case you were not aware) IS INSANELY HARD.I'm used to Cthulhu/Mythos games, as I've played Chaosium RPG, card and board games before.  The idea that you can use a .45 and your wits to beat gods or near-gods... you are at a disadvantage so get over it.  But, adding the dice randomness to the mix means you are just going to die.  The random number generator gods are in league with Cthulhu, so you are uck-fayed 666 ways from unday-Say.I bought it knowing I was going to get creamed more often than not... it's worse that you imagine.  Not fun.Apologies to the game developers, because my angst has nothing to do with your adaptation of this game to the computer... you did a fine job.  In the end, however, this game just is horribly painful and just plain not fun.  I'd rather shovel snow or garden in the yard than play this game.  Hint:  I despise both of those activities.I guess, if you've played the board game before and know what you're getting into you can ignore my comments and dive in face first.  In fact, I would gift you my copy to help erase the bad memories if I could."
76561198008012572,Not Recommended,257670,9638003,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,mrtwinn,"Anybody who plays Elder Signs: Omens for any length of time is likely to develop a pronounced love/hate relationship with the thing; eventually, the hate outweighs the love. It's a brilliantly designed timewaster. There are more than enough potential combinations of investigators to create before starting a game, and choices to make during the game regarding which character to send on which investigation using which pieces of gear, to always hold out the hope of victory. It's always possible that if you tweak your party just right and take on investigations in just the right sequence while conserving your gear, you'll win the game that had been infuriating you for so long.Possible, but unlikely. This is a dice game after all, and you ultimately win or lose depending on what your computer's random number generator spits out. Good planning with bad luck will still lead to your characters' death. Die, they shall; the odds are weighted heavily against you even on the ""Easy"" scenario and only get worse as you move up. Clever playing can reduce the number of times you have to restart, but you'll still have to restart many times for each different scenario unless you have horseshoes surgically implanted in your body and four-leaf clovers growing in your intestinal tract (I don't know how that would happen; come to think of it, I really don't want to). Skill mainly determines how long you'll be able to go before getting bored or frustrated. There are much better ways to spend your time.""Whenever I do something stupid I call it a 'learning experience': it makes me feel less stupid."""
76561197999436927,Not Recommended,257670,9240310,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Yash,"Not nearly as fun as the board game. hard and not fun hard, but RNG hard, basically every task is a slot machine."
,Not Recommended,257670,9829535,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Midian_Minos,"I had high hopes for this game, I spent several days watching video clips of how to play it and all the strategy involved.  However, upon actually playing the game I found that the difficulty even on the easiest of the Elder Gods is hard.  You instantly get handicapped in every single match and there is no easier verison or even strategy (you are dependent on dice that almost always roll against you).This was not worth the money I paid for it."
76561198043642617,Not Recommended,257670,10196847,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,lapps,"Personally I think this game is good for killing time and not much else, it doesn’t have much of a connection to the board-game other than the art work. It’s fun for a game or two, to see if you can finish a full game and win or fail and start over, but this is more something you would do on the train or while waiting for something. I would recommend this game on a mobile device but not on PC."
,Not Recommended,257670,9826786,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Riva,"Clunky, user unfriendly game !For 14 Eur its a scam.This is very mindless conversion of board game into cellphone game which was in turn badly converted into PC game.Result is a game that has user interface working like bad games from 95'.It has SUPER complicated rules (comming straight from tabletop version), but only tutorial or help is in form of videos you have to watch before the game, that just recite the rules in machinegun speed. Theres no way to memorize all the stuf that way so at the end you are just more confused.Or are we supposed to run the vids multiple times and make 3 pages of notes to play this game ?!The gui has dozens of changing icons, yet NONE of them has a tool tip !Clearly an artefact of Android version, that nobody bothered to fix in the PC version.Overaly the gui is a complete mess.You never see any idicator of where you can / should / shouldn't click and what it will do.All clickable areas are just active areas on big illustrated background usually without any button-like border and without any text explanation.Ultimately I believe whoever made this game was sadly just a bunch of freeware amateurs.Don't waste your 14 $ / E on this.If you are a fan of Arkham Horror line of board games, as I am, you will be better of buying a tabletop version of Elder sing !"
76561198015354962,Recommended,257670,7885944,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Hound Archon,"An illustrated, highly atmospheric Lovecraftian experience that is almost rogue-like in its randomness. Would definitely benefit from a multiplayer option, but you can always grab three friends and play it hot-seat. Addictive like Pringles, too."
76561198134720393,Not Recommended,257670,15743139,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,cottoniscomfy,all  i can say is good luck with this one..luck being the operative word. Frustrating as heck.
76561198163352910,Not Recommended,257670,15180426,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,TwoChaneys,"I do not recommend this game. I've played Fantasy Flight's Arkham Horror board game many times and was excited to try the electronic version of Elder Sign. However, the story is not compelling enough to carry one beyond the feeling of playing Yahtzee. It also seems the dice statistics are heavily skewed by the encounter one has entered, often taking three tries to clear a seemingly easy encounter. Players of Arkham Horror will be frustrated by the fact that characters cannot share items with one another. Thus the only viable way of obtaining the necessary items to complete adventures is by successfully completing an adventure; creating a vicious cycle of player frustration. Please save your money on this one."
,Not Recommended,257670,10555574,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,kirtil321,"I really enjoyed (indeed I still do) this game as card game.I bought it as soon as I saw thinking that now I can play this as much as I want and have much more fun.Sadly the feeling of the game is very different. It gets boring very quickly when you have to play all characters yourself and the mechanics that were smooth on tabletop where you can see your character, your inventory and all the rooms (aka whole board) easily did not work as good on computer screen.At least I learned some stuff that we were doing wrong."
76561198002740849,Not Recommended,257670,14814297,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,jidnffc,"Keyboard doesn't work in-game, won't let me use my red/yellow glyph items. Broken and buggy and a waste of my money."
76561198005054799,Recommended,257670,7952171,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Beard Almighty,"A very good port from the original Game :)If you played the original one or you just love dice-based games than you will love this one.Personally, I feel like a little boy again playing this with my Friends :DIt is very punishing and satisfiying at the same time, just because the Dice will never do it as you want it to.Vor a better view of this game just search for it in youtube with WTF is Elder Sign: Omens and you will find it an Totalbuiscits Channel :)"
76561198119156249,Recommended,257670,8409662,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,duannewalton,"I! Love! It! Thank you so much for making this availible. It's much quicker than the card game, especially when you're the only one playing. Any chance you could make versions of the other Arkham Horror games?"
,Recommended,257670,8975307,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Valore,"This is basically a PC conversion of a very good co-op board game. If you're a fan of the Lovecraft mythos, and enjoy RPG style boardgames, I'd definitely recommend it. I only wish they'd done a full co-op version of the actual boardgame for multiplayer."
,Recommended,257670,8872898,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Emptypockets319,A fun port from boardgame to videogame with lots of lore and challenge that will keep you coming for more.
,Recommended,257670,9769605,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,phantomlvr,"This is a good port of the board game. There are a couple of small gripes, spell locks do not carry over between players and you can't do a noble sacrifice to win a game (use an investigators last SAN/STA to complete a tasks that requires it to get the Elder Sign) but minor things. The extended plays with Cthulu and the others is a nice feature as well.Multiplayer would be a great option for online play for long distance friends but there are tools for that elsewhere. If I am playing multiplayer with locals I will kick it old school and rock out the cards and dice."
76561197984230894,Recommended,257670,9618462,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Dr. Marker,"For the short version, I like this game and think it's a decent time waster for people who like the Lovecraftian style and presentation.With the TL;DR out of the way I've played Elder Signs: Omens quite a lot and I can safely say that regardless of it's sadistic random number god (a greater evil than each of the Ancient Ones combined) I keep coming back to this game when I can't decide on a game to play and want to kill some time.Features in it's favour are the relatively simple mechanics (you'll have the hang of what you're doing and be able to make informed and intelligent decisions by about your second or third game), it's decent presentation (the artwork is nice and the music is genuinely creepy at times) and it's strong level of replayability due to the different Ancient Ones and investigators you can choose from.Features I can see frustrating people are the luck-based gameplay (that seems to have a fetish for crushing your hopes and dreams with maniacal glee) as well as the obscene difficulty of certain old ones (although this is generally a common issue with all Call of Cthulhu games, one does not simply triumph against the Elder Gods without damn well working for it).Overall, it's not a bad little game and considering that it comes by default with every DLC included for a not unreasonable price I can safely say I reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,257670,18824115,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Yriel,"I actually like the Arkam Horror boardgame so i thought i'd give this a try.But sadly Elder Sign: Omens is just a simple dice game.To solve adventures you have to get a certain number of symbols and each symbol is a number on a six sided dice.So one adventure may be : you have 5 dice, you need 4 times a number one. You lose one dice per reroll and can save one die. If you don't get it you lose a hitpoint (mental or physical).Thats it.It's really boring and super-random since you have only a minor influence on your rolls and (in the example above) if you don't get the four number ones again and again you just lose at some point and thats really frustrating.And since you have to do this high-number-of-one-die-required adventures pretty often and get penalties if you don't solve them the odds are stacked against the player in a big way.You might say thats part of the cthulhu mythos but here you just lose by failing ""adventures"" with mathematical small percent chances and thats not fun. At least not for me.I bought it for 9 Euro and that is really to much, maybe for one or two i would be ok."
,Recommended,257670,24770779,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,repdetect0,"I completely love this game, and it is the most insane synthesis of being both ULTRA complicated, yet as easy to play as a video poker machine, once you understand the rules."
76561198051174225,Not Recommended,257670,7973386,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Chillrend,"The game is terrible! Just dont buy, the point is, even though there are no similar games like this on PC, you just dont buy it. The dice roll in this game is rigged so much you can sometime be stuck on simplest mission 5times in a row. And this game doesnt give you a time to catch up, if you fool around trying and failing missions just a little bit, the game over is innevitable!"
76561198034134159,Not Recommended,257670,8365847,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Wonderferkel,"Simply a damn joke, I feel ripped off. The idea behind it is good, but with the damn randomizer that managed to take out all fun, often enough you start an adventure with all the runes you need and after finishing one task the runes are completely re rolled, if you want to play it strategically you will find yourself out of items after round 4 or you will find yourself palying the same set of investigators over and over, as the game simply breaks down the whole mechanism to 95% luck after you are out of most items. Good job FantasyFlight this is simply a rip-off, avoid it like Pox!"
,Not Recommended,257670,9953487,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,phob7a,"Although this game has very nice concept, good gameplay, sound, graphics, etc. I think it needs some adjustment.  I spent a couple of hours learning how to use the various glyphs and such, I played many many rounds but no matter what I could never ever win.  Either I am missing something very important about how to play, in which case it needs a better tutorial, or the game is simply made to be far too impossible to be fun to play."
76561198069070137,Not Recommended,257670,16124383,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,CivilizeThis,I can only really see enjoying this game if you are a hardcore Lovecraftian fanboy.
76561197986413117,Recommended,257670,7913839,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Mendum,"Heavily themed dice game.Aka Chtulhu-Yatzy.Its fun if you are into those things, but it is a game of statistics and dice rolls. No more..."
76561197970999920,Not Recommended,257670,14393764,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,MUTT,"Computer Cheats!!!Astounding thoughtless implementation.1. It uses 100% of my GPU even though the graphics aren't that good.2. When computing dice results, the game makes it HARDER to roll the results you need. Why do this? The original designers of the game put some thought into how the probabilities work. Why? Do you as game programmers work for Rogaine and want your players to lose all their hair.3. The software game developers did not implement some skills and abilities of the player characters correctly. This takes away things the play can do to make ""solving"" an adventure easier. You've already made it unpassable from #2, why do this too?(I play the board game version of this and these developers omitted some Mythos cards in the board game that seem to do nothing. You know what they're for? Those cards are to make the game playable. You know those game designers balance the game as part of their job, right? Just one more of a number of things the developers screwed up!!!)Inconsiderate and irresponsible software game developers. Can someone reprimand them for me?"
76561197990921513,Not Recommended,257670,28920329,Posted: 1 January,all,seblecaribou,"If I knew before bying it that it relied so heavily on RNG, I would've probably skip this one. It is neat in terms of presentation, and the atmosphere is well done thanks to that. But as far as gameplay goes, it feels like you have little ways to use your brain to win...you roll dices and hope for the best. Not really my type of gameplay.Maybe with few more hours, the abilities for each characters would've change something, but it doesn't look like it."
76561197983301475,Recommended,257670,17927477,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,RabidUrko,"A great investigate strange goings on in a museum with a party of varied characters.Slight learning curve, but soon picked up.Lot of dice luck involved, but ways to steer it in your favour with more practice from playing, with various things within the game.When you first start you might think , ill never get anywhere with this game, but ive proved that , even though i haven't won a game yet, im losing much better. (only 4 hours here at time of review)The artwork and the atmosphere are awesome, and even if you lose a game its one of those ""ill have one more go"" , and you keep going back for more."
,Not Recommended,257670,23816691,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,sgbeal,"Elder Sign is _stupidly_ difficult. It's not challenging in the sense of ""you can beat it if you do well,"" it's difficult in the sense of ""you will lose unless you just happen to roll perfectly on every quest."" i find no fun in that. i've played roughly 12 games between this version and the Android port and have yet to get even halfway to beating the ""easiest"" boss. If you're a masochist, maybe it's a game for you, but i'm not, so it's not.i own the physical board game (and all expansions), and this is superficially like it, but at the same time is nowhere near being that game.i do appreciate them release it for Linux, though :)."
,Recommended,257670,29549967,Posted: 28 January,all,awwe_se,Best game ever. Totally obssesed with it owning it 2 days.
76561197978409878,Not Recommended,257670,29069055,Posted: 6 January,all,[FFN] WJ MacGuffin,"I love Mythos games and have played tons of Arkham Horror and Call of Cthulhu. This dice game is just horrible because of the central mechanic of re-rolling dice. You often find situations where you can *only* win if every die rolls correctly three times in a row. For a dice pool game, that's almost impossible.Adding other characters to the same location can help because you can store a die -- but only for your current turn. They all disappear at the end, and you're still stuck with having to roll everyting exactly right. It's not just too luck-based -- it's rarely possible.I get that a Mythos game should be hard and full of insanity/death/loss. That's the fun! But it quickly becomes not-fun when you lose 80%-90% of the time. Plus, there's a death spiral: screw up once, and the chance of screwing up becomes more likely, which makes you screw up, with makes it harder, and so on. Even Arkham Horror (the board game) is a cakewalk compared to this game.If you're a hardcore gamer who loves having the odds *extremely* stacked against you, or if you're a very lucky person overall, you might enjoy this. For the rest of us, stay the hell away. It's not Steam's implementation, it's the core rules that make this game not fun. Save your money."
76561198036874457,Not Recommended,257670,19722325,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,gbigdan,"Looks like it could be fun but you will need a degree in rocket science to figure it out. Seriously, it is just too hard to understand. It may be okay if you could watch experienced players play several games and you could take detailed notes and then refer to them constantly when you are on your own.Even then it would be VERY hard to actually play..."
,Recommended,257670,7856341,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,apache snowflake,i like it quite a bit I've played arkem horror and mantion of madness they were both real fun but i never played eldr sign so was walking into this blind and i like it quite a bit i have one complaint I'd like to see some co op
,Not Recommended,257670,7802400,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,=AJSA= 不歸V.I.Dread黃泉,"You like COC? You believe Skill, Strong Will, Smart Thinking and Courage is what you need to face the Great Old One?WRONG!!!!!!!!!!!!This is nothing but a dice tossing game with COC jacket, all you need is not careful planning, sharp eye to pick up clues, willing to risk your SP for deeper look into the mytho... But just pure LUCK! Ya! Luck is all you need, because no matter what you do, the only thing that affect your so call ""adventure"" are nothing but blind luck that allow you to shack up the right combination of Glyphs to match the requirement to clear a ""Tiny Picture of Something Related to CoC""... and that is all the Adventure you ever going to get in this game at all!And how to lose the game? You are RIGHT! You lose the game by simply being NOT LUCKY ENOUGH!! You run out of chance and can't shack up the right combination of Glyphs? TOO BAD! The Old One +1 and you lose SP for that... not because some dark horror lurking in the shadow, but just because you forgot to bring your lucky dice!So in this great game, all you need to do to serve Cthu-Boss on a plate is simple, just show him your lucky dice and he will ROLL OVER AND DIE!! YAY! That is GREAT!! We no longer need to go through dark woods or horror tunnel, we no longer need to search haunted house and deathly crypt, no knowledge needed, no weapon needed, you don't even need to bring your cat to try to scare off those fish-head, you just need PALE LUCK!If you are a COC fan, or who had read H.P.Lovecraft's book... STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME!! This is for kids under 3!!Okie... I have to point out... The music and art style of this game is still fairly nice tho... But sadly..."
76561198105330369,Recommended,257670,19155671,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,bellygod,"Good game.  Good qualityFrom the board game Arkham horror- a story rich classic, but this one simplifies it so you can play in an hour or two.Got Cthulhu theme of course.Lotta dice throwing moving from room to room in the haunted museum.Nice pictures.Worth the money for me."
76561198008289670,Recommended,257670,18074932,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,m_ikirt,"First off, it's a board game port.  So if board games aren't your thing, then this game isn't for you.  It's fully based on the Lovecraft mythos, so the whole game has that creepy feel, which I do like.  It's replayable to the max, considering in my 2 hours of play time, I've never had quite the same game twice.  Gameplay, well, think Cthulhu Yahtzee.  That pretty much sums up the game.  Oh, and did I mention that in those two hours, I have not won one game....ON EASY? Problem with that is that this game is addictive as hell.  It has that ""one more quick game"" thing going for it."
76561198077587684,Recommended,257670,18817626,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,MJ8399,"Pro- Got some Nice animation & Short Storyline if compared to REAL board game version.Con- This game is very dependent on your LUCK, not much skill needed but of course with good strategy, you may increase the win rate but in the end, it is still depend on your LUCK to get the correct GLYPHS to complete TASK.- Very very hard to win the game. So far, i lost 20 games and only won 2 games."
76561198029300088,Recommended,257670,30474682,Posted: 12 March,all,yenkin2001,"As a board game conversion goes it is for the price maybe a bit more expensive at 16.99$ CAD.  That being said, it is typica of the Cthulhu style of games that Fantasy Flight puts out.  I suspect you are going to either love it or hate it with not a lot of in between.  First, typical of the ""horror"" series the boss monster has all the advantage.  Especially as you get the harder monsters.  Second you are dependent on RNG dice rolls that if you miss there is little hope as your dice pool dimishes with each task, regardless of success of failure.Is the game worth picking up, sure I would say if you are a fan, it is worth a few bucks,  I played 5 games pretty quickly and lost 4 of them.  Would love to see a tutorial of some sort, as it takes a game or two to figure it all out.  But it does come. You get a variety of investigators who's special powers which may or may not help.  In this game failure is not an option, you win or die by the invetigators and the RNG luck of the dice.  7.5/10I would love to see a adaption of the ""Horror"" series Arkham or Eldritch.  That would be worth a few bucks I think.  Also the Mansion of Madness (not the companion app).This is not as much a disappointment as the discussion boards make it out to be. But be prepared to lose.  If you have thick skin and enjoy the game and losing is not a big deal  go for it.  Over the years I have learned one thing, ""There is always another game to play"""
,Recommended,257670,10031759,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,80S ♂ NEXT ♂ DOOR,"Its elder sign, play it, its good"
,Recommended,257670,10035755,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,MD大龙Geist,"What can i say strangely adictive game,if your fan of the lovecraft games you will love this,i also played the droid version (which is great too ,except for the ingame purchases,so i like this version better)keep finding myself coming back to this game every so often even after beating all the games missions 5 times over each,brilliant on a plane or somewhere where these are no power sockets,as it uses less laptop power,played it for a few hours and still had many hours of power left."
76561197970313164,Recommended,257670,13480379,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dedmeatzz,"As much fun as the real board game, although a multiplayer option wouldn't go amiss, but good for some solo, Cthulhu-based, dice action, superb."
76561198101115250,Recommended,257670,13948166,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,greytrek19,"An effective digital translation of the Lovecraft-based tabletop game. Make no mistake, Omens is brutally difficult. An experienced player will get to where he/she can beat the easier villains pretty routinely, but for the later ones you will be at the mercy of (increasingly slim) chance. The upside is that this will extend the hours you get out of it, especially given the addictive and tantalizing nearness to your next goal."
,Recommended,257670,15441258,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,IT WAS AWFUL,An improvement over the physical game. Be prepared to lose a lot. Great to pickup when on sale -- hoping an expansion will be released to extend replayability.
,Recommended,257670,15420343,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,careteam70,"A must have game for a true HP Lovecraft experience. Easy? No, Frustrating? Very, Winnable? Yes with a bit of skill and a lotta luck, this harkens back to the old pen and paper Cthulhu Games wher you could survive many fights with namless horrors just to have all your work undone by 1 bad roll that would drive your entire party insane (literaly)."
,Recommended,257670,15334357,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Usagi,"Don't expect much of a game. I need to get that out there to start with.This is the adaptation of the boardgame with the same name. You roll your dice, hope to roll well. If you do, you win. If you don't, you die.It's very simple.However, it's not bad. If you need to pass the time, you can enjoy the rich atmosphere of the game, and try to beat your highscores.Being a fan of Lovecrafts Mythos, I enjoy the game simply because of the theme."
,Recommended,257670,16582034,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Blau,"In short, this is the digitalized version of the tabletop game of the same name. It's a campaign-based RPG, where you have to battle the Ancient Gods of the Lovecraft books whilst you complete tasks and adventures via the use of glyphs (these practically dice with the symbols used in the game). Accordingly, I would mainly recommend it to:- Fans of the mentioned books and literature- People who have played the tabletop game or similar titles (Eg. Arkham Horror)Pros:- It's very atmospheric, the storytelling is spot-on with a few cinematics- The game-design and imagery are also well-made, probably simply taken from the original tabletop, so you can't go wrong there.- The game runs perfectly, I haven't had any technical issues after about 13 hours of playtimeCons:- The game's strategy comprises of the generation of glyph results and how you use them, as well as your invetory items and the abilities of your investigators. The glyphs - as I mentioned - refer to dice with the game's symbols, meaning that in this instance - compared to the original tabletop - the game throws the dice instead of you, practically. This can give the sensation to the player from time to time that it's screwing with you intentionally (as in: ""It's cheating!!!!""). Eg. I have rolled a very bad result on my first roll, I want to re-roll all my glyphs only to see exactly the same terrible results afterwards.- As others have mentioned before and based on my experience as well, this game can be hard and challenging, a LOT of times. In my opinion, we may categorize it as one those that's not for everyone.- And, as others have been aching for it, but never got it, this game hasn't been discounted on sale since it's been released on steam, unfortunately. It would have been nice, but no dice.I have no regrets though for buying it at full price. It has fulfilled my expectations. I consider it a solid game and will surely play it for several hours more. The Ancient Ones must not return! :)"
76561198249995498,Recommended,257670,18591565,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Let's Play All The Games,"We're big fans of the table top game. and this translation does not disappoint. It's incredibly faithful to the original game, and utilizes the same core mechanics. Even better, it includes several of the tabletop expansions built into it already.So what's different from the real life version? It's much more cinematic, and tailors itself to the Elder God you're fighting. Additionally, you choose your foe and your team of investigators, as opposed to a random draw. There's a few other minor variations, but that's pretty much it. The soundtrack is also excellent.The only real complaints we have are minor. The interface is sometimes a little odd, in that you'd think you could do an action by clicking in one spot when it only let's you do it in another spot. That may sound a bit vague, but without examples it's hard to explain it any better than that, and honestly it's a minor annoyance at best.Final verdict: Great game, at a great price point. If you'd like to see the game in action, please feel free to click on the link below for our playthrough of it.https://youtu.be/4pxUfEW7_MY"
,Recommended,257670,18764033,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,anemochore,I've enjoyed this a lot on my android phone and now I have it on PC too! COOOOOL!
76561197992523568,Recommended,257670,12308263,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Clockwork Raven,While an interesting version of the board/card game. It would have been stronger as a multiplayer.7/10 if  you don't mind playing by yourself.
76561198054064959,Recommended,257670,11808329,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Miatch,"This is a very nice adaptation, I wish that there would be more PC ports of quality boardgames such as this one.  However, since it's based on a dices and cards game, the rules might seem a little bit abstract to anyone new to the game.  For example, a gun doesn't do a set amount of damage, its a consumable item that will instead allow the player to get a yellow glyph, which is an additional dice that will give a result in a form such as a peril, lore or investigation icon, and these are used to solve given tasks, so there is no real feeling of battling monsters, as they do not have health points.  It's a really nice buy for anyone looking for a lovecraftian experience, as it is of course the main inspiration for the theme of this game.  Great atmosphere, nice images."
,Recommended,257670,12192611,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,zenpunk,Awesome game.
76561198020825730,Recommended,257670,11280102,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Johnbstard,Just buy it.
76561198119592321,Recommended,257670,11305348,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Danet,"A fine adaptation of the classic card game, Omens will take you through a world of Lovecraftian horror and entertainment. Based on a combination of skill and luck that can either be enjoyable and/or angering at any given moment. This is one of the games you can pick up and play right off the bat, and great for those lazy game days when you are tried of the FPS or other games. With four characters to build your team, this game screams hotseat.Does it have flaws? A few, but they are far in between each other. All and all, this game is one you would not have remorse on buying. So build your team and take on the Old Ones, your sanity and the world depend on it."
,Recommended,257670,11090681,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Intoxicatious,"At first, I found the game difficult to grasp, because some of the GUI was not intuitive. I've played the board game before, but the video game version forces you to click on a lot of buttons to view common information. Once I got a hang of the GUI though, the rest of the game was simple. The presentation is top-notch, and the atmosphere is great. It only took me one playthrough to fully understand the game. A very well done adaptation...once you get over the GUI."
76561198194689623,Recommended,257670,19876820,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Alkaponzo,"Good game, nicely challenging"
76561198120081379,Recommended,257670,20053345,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,relaksantti,"It took 5 days to play 28 hours of Elder Sign: Omens and to beat all the Ancient Ones for me - that's how hooked I got on this game. All the other Ancient Ones in the first 2 days and then the last three in three days, each of them one per day. Couldn't play any other game until I was done with all the Ancient Ones. I'm also addicted to Arkham Horror and that was the reason I wanted this game, also. So, if you like Arkham Horror or Lovecraft related stuff plus boardgames, you'll love this one.One thing though, PLEASE, give us Arkham Horror for PC or at least some DLC for this game! I need more!"
76561198041481917,Recommended,257670,20272203,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Spasmolytic,"This is a great port of Elder Sign with some variations that make it challenging and interesting.  To all those who are comparing it to Arkham Horror or Eldritch Horror... Elder Sign is a much simpler game.  We're ALL waiting for the Arkham/Eldritch game for PC that really works.  But... if you like Elder Sign... this is a really good way to get your fix when you can't get some friends around for the tabletop version.  There are differences, naturally.  But, having played a lot of tabletop Elder Sign, I can wholeheartedly recommend this for fans of the game."
,Recommended,257670,20194322,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,FluffyPinkPony,"Feeling bored, the internet is out, you dont want to play with your friends on multiplayer at the moment for any reason, if you said yes to any of this...By all means, buy this game.100/10 its fun to play solo, on days when my internet is crap."
76561198007593792,Recommended,257670,21040189,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,SpectatorBehold,"As a single-player computer game version of a board game, this is rather well-done indeed! I only wish that the first four scenarios had been as unique as the later three; as it is, with some minor differences, the first four scenarios are rather alike: the same intro, same ending, same location - the only difference lies in which advantages, disadvantages and monsters you'll face in them. Had this been the case, I'd feel a little more inclined to recommend the game for the price of 15 euro that it's being sold for. As it is... Perhaps better to wait until there's a steam discount for it. It's also a minor disappointment that there's no multiplayer for it. Also, while I'm no big fan of archivements, I feel that they could at least have added one for each of the ancients... Recommended first and foremostly to fans of the cthulhu mythos and fans of the Arkham Horror series of games (and as a footnote, I hope those board games - Arkham Horror, Eldritch Horror and Mansions of Madness will someday be made into games like this as well), but I encourage others to give it a chance as well!"
,Recommended,257670,21009004,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Stern,"""You are devoured!""This game is fun, but the interface is a little bit uncomfortable. I am a huge Lovecraft and Cthulhu mythos fan, so I am a somewhat disappointed because it fails to instill complete unrelenting terror in me while I am playing. The soundtrack is very lacking - this is the main tool they could have used to really haunt us (with a small budget, that is). I am also a big fan of the Call of Cthulhu boardgame by Fantasy Flight, which this little game is based on, but it barely scratches the surface compared to the depth the boardgame offers. They could have done so much more. One idea could have been to add a multiplayer (with a lobby) and a text chat, that would have really added a lot. Playing together is one of the biggest pluses of the game as not very many games that allow that. Maybe in the next game? Oh well, one can dream...About the gameplay, it is quite heavily luck based (pray to Cthulhu to get them lore glyphs! - yeah right...) and that's how it should be in my opinion. You just make the best of the situations that you can (more like, choose the encounters that will least likely end in complete and utter failure, heh!)All in all, I still recommend this game if you want a game to play on a dark night (you can put on a proper lovecraftian soundtrack on YT and shiver)."
76561197979288830,Recommended,257670,20168854,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,StudiodeKadent,"A conversion of the tabletop dice game Elder Sign. The game faithfully reproduces Elder Sign's mechanics whilst also adding some interesting expansion scenarios. The music, sound effects and art are atmospheric and greatly add to the experience.Its a casual game but its addictive and fun to play."
76561198006865710,Recommended,257670,26635011,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Kartaugh,"Do you like to lose, over, and over, and over, and over again?If you answered yes, then this game is for you!In all seriousness, this is a Cthulhu game. This means your survivability over time tends towards zero. Insanity or being ripped to shreds WILL happen...sometimes both at the same time.Anyway, it's a board game transported to the PC and it works well."
,Recommended,257670,28966040,Posted: 2 January,all,gurrenbuster17,"I'll lead off by saying the negative reviews stating the game relies heavily on RNG aretechnicallyright. The core mechanic is a dice roll of getting the right glyphs to accomplish the tasks presented. This is fully outside player control... except it isn't. The focus of the gameplay is strategically building your team of investigators based on which Elder God you're facing, selecting the Adventures you'll be most likely to succeed in at that moment, and most importantly utilizing your items and investigator abilities to game the glyph rolls in your advantage. For example, certain Adventures are literally impossible to complete simply by taking the dice roll for 6 basic glyphs, but with smart use of items, abilities, and admittedly some luck, you can accomplish these tasks and reap major rewards towards a win. The game itself is RNG, player strategy is learning how to tilt the RNG in your own favor. Aside from that, the art is great, the sounds are nice, and the game runs well. Would recommend, although maybe at a slightly lower price."
,Recommended,257670,30178454,Posted: 25 February,all,Prince of Eros,"I've had this game on my tablet for a few years now and I can honestly say if you're a fan of the mythos its worth the purchase.At first glance and playthrough, it going to♥♥♥♥♥♥you the hell off.  Is luck involved? Oh absolutely; its a dice rolling game and the mechanics that work in your favor here are all based on initiating rerolls.  It is difficulty and at times just downright unfair and frustrating.However, there IS strategy within it; you need to pick the right team of investigators and know who is appropriate for what missions appear on the screen--manage your items and know when its best to take a hit and pass for some help or suffer the consequences.It IS a mythos game--you're gonna lose more than you win.  But when you win? Well goddamn..."
76561198042587716,Recommended,257670,30313612,Posted: 4 March,all,E.B.E,"really liked this game. id recommend it as 'something on the side'. but it defeintely immersers you in the 'lovecraftian' type  horror. ive seen people complain about the randomness , but you just have to play it smart and manipulate the odds and  your fine. overall. very immersive and again, felt like it captures that lovecraftian goodness to a T."
,Recommended,257670,30281266,Posted: 2 March,all,wanderingman,"It is undeniable that Elder Sign: Omens is a pure luck game. You can choose character that has appropriate ability and items for a mission but in the end everything is decided by randomness. Reducing the chance of losing and praying are the only thing you can do.I am not a fan of this type of game but I have had some fun. It is fairly short, easy to learn, and once for a while I just do not care what is happening in my life: throwing dices, letting fate does its job, laughing while seeing my characters go insane like myself.Although the last part does not actually happen (haven't, at least), I strangely enjoy this game. Do I recommend this? If you are into hardcore strategy, or hate luck/board game, think twice before buying this. Otherwise, you can give it a try. Have said that, buy it on sale please, it is expensive but does not really offer much."
76561198082874363,Recommended,257670,31250036,Posted: 19 April,all,bareshark1975,"I've been a hardcore lover of Lovecraft since I discovered him through the original Alone in the Dark in the 1990s. Elder Signs: Omens may be a slight game in terms of complexity but hey, it's a digital version of a boardgame. What do you want? To the game's credit, you get to pick which Great Old One to fight (from Yig to the Black Pharaoh Nyarlothotep himself). You then go through a long, impressive roster of investigators but you're limited to four for the game. There is enough variety among them to suit many game playing styles, though some are absolutely more useful than others. From there, it's a race against the clock, monsters and your sanity to gather enough Elder Signs to seal off your chosen cosmic opponent. The ""adventures"" are a random mix that can net you a variety of weapons, spells and tokens to help with the fight. But my favorite moments are when adventures yield to classic HPL otherworldly destinations like Yuggoth, R'yleh and the Dreamlands.Everything, from the exquisite painted artwork to the game mechanics, captures what it would be like to fight the Great Old Ones in all their creepy glory. The gameplay is brutal even at its easiest. No one team of investigators will guarantee victory, the odds are always stacked against you (even if you're playing the ""easy"" Yig) and you have to rely on luck more than skill for a winning game. But really think about it...given that you are up against a cosmic force that predates humanity and will likely post-date it eventually, why would you assume that you were necessarily going to save the day? If you can't accept that, you won't enjoy this game, period.However, for all of those who CAN wrap their heads around the fact that you will lose than you will win, this game is a unique treat for all true lovers of the Mythos. Highly recommended!"
76561198030686083,Recommended,257670,34192838,Posted: 12 August,all,Darkness [BRS],"Boardgame adaption. As the board game: it's tough, but you can win it (in the Cthlhu universe you either lose or become insane, so winning here is an acahievement)."
,Recommended,257670,35386932,Posted: 1 October,all,nauith,"I really love this game. For me it succeeds in being deep, moody, and rewarding. It uses dice, so it does have random elements. But it is nowhere near as hard as people make out. Design a team that can deal with whatever you are struggling with -- focus on those investigators that come out strong to every single fight; gather equipment now if the adventures ahead look rough. And take the time to learn the rules as you go, It's really the case that the more time you spend learning how the game works and thinking about it, the better you will do.Example: Rooms ('adventures') spawn as you clear old ones: the new room you get will be random, but it will spawn at a predictable time. Monsters also generally spawn on well-defined and flagposted triggers. These occurences can bring danger and inconvenience, but there is definitely a sense of order to be had, and a sense that risk can be mitigated. Application: it may be unwise to clear non-urgent adventures as midnight draws close as the newly spawning rooms can interact with this time point in nasty ways (advancing the doom track, spawning monsters, etc). If the spawn happens just before midnight ticks over, you will have no time to deal with it. Often I end up in a cycle of dealing with threats in the early morning, progressing the campaign in the middle of the day, and then shopping or resting in the evening so as not to stir things up when I don't have time to fix things. Of course, I didn't used to pay much attention to the clock, and then things can really happen in seemingly unfair and chaotic fashion.On the hardest of the campaigns (Ithaqua) I do feel a little bit at the mercy of frequently cruel circumstance -- and I lose more than I win -- but I actually really like that, and it really does add to the sense of accomplishment on completion. On any easier campaign (assuming I pick a team based on strength rather than flavour), I would generally only lose if things went really, really wrong... which doesn't happen that often."
