user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198231110516,Recommended,257850,32556172,Posted: 18 June,all,Perplixelated,"I'm going to keep this short because I could probably rant for far too long on this game. It's my favorite indie game of 2016, and it's also one of my top five favorite games of all time.This game is burtally hard at first, but makes you feel skilled and amazing as you get the hang of things and progress through the game. With no words or dialogue, this game conveys some pretty detailed content and has gorgeous scenery and artwork. The combat system is tight and satisfying to master, but expect to be punished for making mistakes. There's tons of secret areas and rewards for putting in extra effort. Over all, It's a very rewarding experience, and I'm having a whole ton of fun replaying it for the achievements a year later! I highly recommend this game, there's not quite another experience like it. The game even takes on a whole new level of meaning when you learn about the creator, which I recommend you do if you're interested.Heart Machine is great at what they do, and I can't wait to see what they do next."
,Recommended,257850,32136352,Posted: 2 June,all,OldLazyMutt,Like being a kid again and playing the Legend of Zelda on my sister's NES... and a few stamps of LSD.
,Not Recommended,257850,30804049,Posted: 28 March,all,zerowise,"I am partially colorblind, red/green, and as a result I cannot tell what is going on in this game. Before you take to the comments to berate me or tell me how stupid my review is, please understand: I amnotsaying this is a bad game. I am advising that others with my eye conditions or similar use caution when purchasing.Hyper Light Drifter requires you to be able to decipher what is happening with speed and agility. I cannot - because I cannot differentiate the color palette well enough to follow the way things are happening. As an example, dodging those little laser birds is near impossible for me due to the tones of color used to mark where they are shooting and how it blurs into the floor coloring - but my brother and wife can get them immediately.I was really, really into the vibe of the opening sequence and the environments I have seen are haunting and raise tons of questions; who is the drifter? Whose world is this? What happened to all these people I see laying dead around the areas I am wandering, and what in the hell are those decaying titans? I don't know, but I doubt I can play this well enough to see it through - I can't get to the first boss.The soundtrack is fantastic, and the combat is quite enjoyable when I can see what is happeneing. It's smooth, easliy controlled, and rather lethal. Groups of enemies will swarm you at once. I've always found it wierd when you get surrounded by enemies and they wait to attack you one or two at a time - none of that here. These things want you dead and will work to see that through. It's refreshing. The dash gives you that extra bit of mobilty and lets you reposition easily, though it can just as easily get you killed if you don't mind where you dash to and the dash cooldown.All the atmosphere, wonderful music and lovely art in the world, however, can't help me read the patterns of enemies that use colors I can't see very well to telegraph their attacks. And since you can't advance without clearing the rooms of enemies in most cases, I am stuck.EDIT:All right, a few notes since this has gotten much, much more attention than I expected: This is a warning to fellow colorblind or color impaired folks, not a mark against the game."
,Recommended,257850,22190237,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Finn 🐧,"You know what?I was so ready to give this game a negative review.Sure, the style, atmosphere and music are jaw-dropping. However, the gameplay (specifically the combat) didn't really click with me until I defeated the first boss after ~50 tries (yes, really that many). The combat was just not what I signed up for. I was expecting 2D Zelda with more fluid combat, but I got was a top down Souls game. Expect to get stunlocked, die in a split-second and generally get this♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked out of you.After I came to terms with that, I actually started having fun."
,Recommended,257850,30245127,Posted: 28 February,all,Audish,"I love exploring in games and turning up hidden treasures. They don't even have to be actual treasures, just interesting little bits of scenery or lore to take in. For people like me, Hyper Light Drifter is just about everything we could ask for, untold secrets densely packed across a vibrant alien world. Coupled with a story that hinges on those very secrets, and combat that comes in intense bursts between journeys, this has easily become one of my favorite games to explore.I'm not even going to make an attempt at Hyper Light Drifter's story because divining it for yourself is part of the game's appeal. It opens with a blast of intense images full of destruction and foreboding, and then sets you into the world at a forlorn campsite in the middle of... somewhere. Your ultimate goal is to activate four devices at the cardinal corners of the world, for reasons that will become apparent in due time. The story that goes along with this grand journey is told in the places you find, the scenes you witness, and the textless interactions you have with the strange inhabitants of this colorful world.And boy howdy, colorful it is. I can only assume that's what drew your attention to HLD in the first place, because screenshots of it are plenty intense on their own. Everything in the game is rendered in chunky pixels of incredible color saturation, finding you in purple and fuchsia dungeons, perfect cerulean lakes, or sea green forests of crystal. The landscapes are just as detailed as they are hued, with little telling cracks in stone or hints of recent disturbances in ancient tombs. This combination of color and detail can make the lay of the land hard to understand at first, but an hour or so with the game's many cliffs and traps will get you adjusted to the delightfully garish art.Once you get accustomed to traversing the alien landscapes, you'll have no end of discoveries to make there. Most of your time is going to be spent exploring the world, marveling at the grand and somber ruins of past civilization, and scrounging up loot from within its bones. Nearly every scene in the game has a secret platform or passage tucked away that leads to money for upgrades or keys for unlocking doors or stranger things still. There are small tells that can hint at secrets but to get the most out of the game you'll need to sniff them out yourself, pressing on every wall and attempting daring dashes across bottomless expanses. The exploration is incredibly rewarding, not just in how much there is to find but how secrets themselves reveal bits of environmental storytelling, like skeletons gathered around a still-burning campfire.The other part of the game is combat, and I hope you're ready for a drastic departure from everything I've just described so far. As beautiful and relaxing as wandering the world is, battling its less-neighborly denizens is an intense, lightning-fast exercise. Enemies tend to have quick, far-reaching attacks with conspicuous telegraphing, requiring you to use your near-instant dash to dodge and re-position for the sword hits to dispatch them. You'll catch on pretty quick in the early fights with simple lunging enemies, but before long you'll be facing hulking monstrosities with ground-shaking strikes, alien swordsmen that slash just as fast as you, and hordes of those same simple enemies you thought were no trouble before. Surviving battles means finding openings, managing the health and positions of all your foes, and dashing like a Tracer main on angel dust. Especially after unlocking the chain dash that lets you blink all over the map.You'll have plenty of tools to help you survive and succeed, including guns, bombs, sword upgrades, and new dash abilities. All of these can be purchased using the credits you find so diligent exploration is key to combat, as well. You carry a supply of medkits that can restore your paltry five blocks of health but it's more to cover for single mistakes, rather than tanking hits through an extended fight. The bosses will definitely put you to the test, having enormous health bars and attacks that can hit multiple times from multiple angles. Late game fights have an element of bullet hell to them as well, which will challenge your reflexes to either dodge or reflect with your sword.Reaching the end of this grand journey will take you 5 to 6 hours, and every minute of that will be spent in the depths and expanses of a fully realized alien world. The designers behind Hyper Light Drifter know how to craft amazing vistas and startling scenery, because you'll be coming across it constantly. And the adventure doesn't end when the credits roll, because I guarantee there will still be loads of secrets to turn up, including hidden upgrades and bosses. Along with full New Game + and Boss Rush modes, you can spend well over a dozen hours here without seeing everything. And with so much wonder and mystery around every corner, there's absolutely no reason not to.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Recommended,257850,23531816,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,pH. mmSNAKE,"It took me a bit of time to compose my thoughts and write up a little on this game. Overall this feels like a tribute to old zelda games mixed in with a sense of souls game type difficulty and execution.After the intro, which will bore your eardrums you have a brief tutorial that adequatly teaches you how to play. There is your energy sword, gun, dash. Basics of combat and exploration. Outside of tooltips there is no actual text in the game (unless you count the created alphabet and messages with it that is part of the game). This is a story that if you want to fully understand you will have to work at it. Pay attention to detail and reason it out a bit. I personally don't care. To me primarily gameplay is why I play games. This game at least had an appealing atmosphere and a good soundtrack to help set it.The art is from my perspective well done. Graphics as with any game will ultimately be subjective. If you don't like pixel art I don't see this changing your mind. If you do you may find a great deal of appreciation for this title, at least on that end.Personally combat is the reason why I enjoy this game as much as I do. Why I decided to play through NG+ (think of it like this game's hard mode, where a lot of things will kill you in one hit). Mechanic wise the game is fair. It can be difficult, but never feels unfair. You can always get better. Learn to chain dash more efficiently (requires just frame input). Learn to use the right guns and upgrades (outside of the 'shard gun', all the guns and upgrades have their own uses, some more than others but they all have a purpose). Enemies have easy to learn patterns which you can exploit by your superior movement ability and powerful arsenal. When a fight goes well, and you dashed through multiple enemies just to line them all up with a railgun or a slash dash it can be rather satisfying. Boss fights are exceptionally well done. Each boss can be beaten in matter of minute or so, depending how good you are and which tools you brought with you. They feel like epic duels, both you and the boss are powerful and clash.Exploration wise expect an absurd amount of secrets. Not just secrets, but secrets that have their own secret, which haves it's own secret area which has its own secrets. Inception a bit. It pays off to explore. Each of the collectibles will either make you directly more powerful (afford more upgrades), or indirectly by getting certain rewards locked by keys, or needing cerain collectible. Majority of the game is optional. If you play this game bare bones, and only do the main objective. You will probably miss about 2/3s  of the game. Overall mechanic wise and general difficuly and progression is spot on.Unfortunately this game isn't perfect, and worst part of it is that it isn't related to game design, but on technical faults. Game is locked to 30fps. While this isn't a ""huge"" issue. Game is perfectly fine on that framerate. You can master it just fine (same with something like Nuclear Throne). The bigger issue is framerate inconsistency. There will be parts where your framerate dips. Remember how I said that chain dashing requires just frame input? Well imagine doing a challange that needs you to perfectly dash through an area just so the framerate to change mid way, messing up your timing and making you die and start over? The ♥♥♥♥ing spike room dash puzzle in NG+ nearly drove me insane. I think it took me nearly 500 tries. There was one corner where the framerate would dip about half the time. If it did I died. Not to mention edge collision detection is WAY more than what the models show. You might think this kind of stuff is gamebreaking, but unless you are really doing a perfectionist run you probably won't notice. I didn't really until I was playing NG+ where a lot of this crap ended up killing me a good bit. Controls suffer the same as the framerate. Large majority of the times it will be flawless. But you will get into a moment where you know you pressed something and it didn't happen, or it took few frames too long.Overall I got down deep with the game. I wanted to play it well since it was so enjoyable, but the occasional technical hicups made it far from a perfect experience. I absolutely love this game, and would heartly recommend it if the trailer is even remotely interesting to you. Just beware that some of the technical issues hold the game back from being an absolute masterpiece.------------EDIT------------The developers have been consistently patching up the game and working out the kinks that I originally outlined. As it currently stands the game runs at 60fps smoothly. Even on the potato I tested this on. I can't tell for sure if the input issues are still there or that framerate dips in certain areas like it did. However judging by their notes, perofrmance was the target of their updates. They optimized collisions so the game can run at a higher framerate. It wouldn't be a far stretch to assume this means the same improvement for framerate consistency. Regardless I can't know for sure untill I go for another full run, since these bugs only showed up in certain instances/places. If I find some inconsistencies I will make another addition to this, however my guess is that it should be working fine.Anyway, these fixes address my largest complaints and setbacks I originally had with the game. From a quick look it seem it has been settled. For anyone having doubts about getting the game now if technical issues were a concern I would advise to buy it. To me this game stands as a masterwork in current sea of mediocricty. Honest props to the developers. Cheers."
,Recommended,257850,28241534,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Waifusforlaifu,"Imagine Zelda: Prepare to Die Edition. In a way it's like Zelda x Bloodborne or a much, much better Zenonia. This has everything I've ever wanted in a 2D action-adventure game. Great mechanics, subtle story, FAST paced, nice skills and insane mobility.If it looks like something you might enjoy, chances are it will go well beyond your expectations. 10/10."
,Recommended,257850,25223588,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,JAWE$OME ( ↘↘↘ ),"[No spoilers]I've become a very picky gamer within the last few years. I've seen triple-A titles pique my interest and let me down way too many times in this last generation of games. I ran a gaming website with a handful of friends very briefly and one of them really introduced me to indie games. I played a handful of them before HLD but this is the game that showed me that Indie games are not only alive and well, they'll dominate the games market. People really pour their heart and soul into these games and HLD is the perfect example of a team who had an idea to create a piece of art.The game is hard. Not painfully hard to the point where you want to quit playing all the time, the map shows you an idea as to where things are and how to get there but it forces you to learn the world. It shows you that there are areas to be seen once you get further in the game. It doesn't TELL you anything, doesn't hold your hand other than a few simple game-mechanics, it let's you experience the world the way a game like this is meant to be. When you get frustrated with in a spot and you die repeatedly, it's easy to set it aside but want to come back and play more rather than just forget about it. It punishes you in a way so you'll learn what to do, rather than just let you spend another 10-20 minutes running back to your spot or have to fight the previous enemies over and over again.  Some of the boss fights in this game are beyond fun, I can only think of one that I beat on my first try and I know there was a good amount of luck involved in it as well. Very challenging, another example of pushing you to learn.The soundtrack evokes emotion at every level. There's music to put you at ease, that let's you know things are about to get serious, to put you on edge, to show you you're absolutely powerless and that the creatures you are fighting see you as only dust in the eye. Disasterpeace created something beautiful for this game. I plan on buying the Vinyl when it is released.The mechanics are fun, there are ""mini-games"" here and there to test your ability to problem solve as well as how good you are at rapid-dashing. I'm a drummer and I thought I would master this but it actually took me a really long time before I could get the rhythm down, allowing me to dash enough times to get the achievement. The game has the vibe of an NES Zelda game that cuts out all the things Zelda didn't need.The storyline is confusing, but you understand everything you need to in order to continue on with the game. You don't feel objectiveless, but you certainly feel helpless. Every few minutes your character will walk slowly, bending down and holding his chest as he coughs what I can only assume to be blood. You know you're on a timer (or at least your character knows he is) before you fall to your demise.Finally the artwork is a masterpiece. They do an excellent job of captivating the vastness of the world they created. The palette is bright but I personally think that they bring something new to games that could have just been full of green grass and blue sky. The ability to paint a world that's so similar yet so different from our own is genious. ""Oh, look at that frog-- OH GOD WHY IS THAT CREATURES HEAD ON A PIKE!"" I remember literally yelling at my PC when I first saw the creatures.TL;DR Hyper Light Drifter is an audio and visual masterpiece. It takes Zelda style games, gives them a retro-futuristic feel with a difficulty (not frustration) of the Dark Souls games. If you have only $20 to spend on a new game and feel like having a brand new experience. I highly suggest this game.10/10"
,Recommended,257850,26443286,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Masterfully done. That's the simplest way I can describeHyper Light Drifter.After finishing one playthrough on easy, this just blew me away.Eat your heart outZeldafanboys, the indie scene just one-upped you!But seriously, this game took me back and really gave me those feels of playing earlierZeldatitles likeA Link to the Past. The major functional differences are thatHyper Light Drifteris more action-RPG oriented with debatably more strategic fast-paced combat, and the game is overall shorter (but there is a good bit of replay value with various modes and NG+).One of the coolest thing aboutHyper Light Drifteris the universe it takes place in - itfeelsreally well put together and thought-out.Some sort of dystopian neo-apacolyptic world. Obviously the pixel art and music are outstanding. I mean they literally could not have crafted this better. The controls are super tight, and combat is butter smooth.You got killed? You know it was your fault; you know you could have planned that better and not choked.That's how it is.Pros:+While the asking price seems steep - it's worth more. I'm not talking from an hour-per-dollar standpoint, but even if you go there, you could easily get 20 quality hours out of this hunting achievements and completing higher difficulties and Boss Rush modes.+They are still adding quality updates to the game.+Controller support couldn't be better (XBox360 here).+Awesome open-world gameplay complete with currency of sorts and skill/weapon upgrade system. You also earn alt outfits and colors.+The quality of the music and pixel art should be a golden standard of sorts for similiar art styles in the industry. This stuff should be in design textbooks.+Tons of little secrets and power ups hidden really well in the world.It encourages you to explore - and thats the best kind of game design.+Totally addicting; I binge played this in about a 12 hour window - and those who know me - you know this is rare.+Not a glitch in sight.You Decide:=The story is not told through words. It is picture-based, and there is little of it. I like that. It feels indie and abstract. Do I understand the story, in full? Nope. But some of the fun is figuring it out. If you need a concreteZelda-like fairytale, be warned.Cons:-Some will complain about the map - but I stopped what I was doing and spent about 10 minutes wrapping my head around it. It's not poorly done, so much as it is abstract. It shows 'connections', but cardinal direction is less of a focus. So it can fool you if you are reading it like a traditional map.Play it now, or play it down the road. Just make sure you experience this at some point."
76561198030560317,Recommended,257850,22537053,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Nagasadri,"You will buy this game, and for the first few hours you'll hate yourself because your hands won't do what your brain wants fast enough, the only thing keeping you playing being the intriguing storytelling, neat visuals and great soundtrack......untill it all clicks together, when your brain finaly fuses with your controller about half way through the game, the tight controls will allow you to take on the unfairest of fights in a blink, leading you to the game's end in under 10 hours.But you will need more.You'll keep playing, untill you find all the viciously hidden collectibles thanks to subtle visual hints left by the game.At this point, once you've collected most of them and bought every upgrades, the game is too easy. You've lost the thrill for the challenge.That's when you'll try New Game + mode where you replay the game with all abilities unlocked from the beginning...but your health is capped at 40% which means enemies will kill you in two regular hits or one single heavy attack. Bosses one shot as well in this mode.People often compare this game's difficulty in NG+ mode with Dark souls. It's nothing like it. It's much fairer.You don't have to guess what enemies do. You don't have to die at least one time against each boss because their attacks are unpredictible. When an enemy is about to attack, you know what it will do and where. This game doesn't test your guess work, or your patience against die-and-retry kinds of boss. It tests your reflexes and quick decision making because yes, all attacks are easily predictible, but rarely over 0.25s in advance.One last thing : to fully apreciate this game, you have to know that the guy behind its idea was born with several life-threatening heart defects. This is why despite its esoteric, borderline childish art style, the game doesn't shy away from heart/blood or even death symbolisms so keep an eye out for those....Now that i think about it, this game is almost a life lesson.One last (but important) thing, playing with a controller is much easier."
,Recommended,257850,23294367,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,mtrox,"When people told me this game was Zelda meets Dark Souls, they set a high bar. Impressively, this game lives up to the hype. The art direction and soundtrack is fantastic and the gameplay is fair but brutal. Some of the optional challenges remind me of Super Metroid, requiring impeccable precision and timing. I've put nearly 40 hours just trying to find all the secrets scattered throughout the game.  For $20 this game is a steal. It is easily one of the best action RPGs on Steam."
,Recommended,257850,32449185,Posted: 15 June,all,Kusa,"Great soundtrack, great gameplay mechanics, great visuals.10/10"
76561198112336573,Recommended,257850,24975857,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,This Guy,"I don't have many games.To be completely honest, I don't really have the cash to afford them.However, when I saw this game, I wanted it. I read up on it as much as I could without the plot being spoiled, and eventually the summer sale rolled around.And this game was on sale.This was my chance!I bought this game.At first, I was tentative to play it. I spent a long while playing other games before finally saying ""♥♥♥♥ it,"" and I opened the thing up.Let me say now; I may not have played many games in my recent life, but this was a game so cool that my mind was blown simply by watching the intro cinematic. That's how simple it was to blow my mind.And then the game began.Being thrown right into the action is a hallmark, in my humble opinion, for a brilliant game. It doesn't ♥♥♥♥ around. It doesn't prolong any dialogue or require you to ""Create your character.""No.I was thrown straight into the game and it was absolutely amazing.Over 40 hours of playing later, I'm here: Collecting all the gearbits I may have missed before hitting the final boss fight, just for that sweet 100% completion award. I'm almost there.This game ranks pretty high up on my list of things I love, and with good reason: This game allows you to take what you will from it. There is a story, but only if you decide to look for it. There are so many things you can find and fight, but only if you go looking.Sure, you can finish this game by beating all the bosses, but then again, you canimmerse yourself.And honestly, with this game's soundtrack (by Disasterpeace, who also has a neat little cameo), its art, its secrets and its gameplay, most people would agree with me saying it's probably one of the best releases of 2016. And for me, it will stick with me as an all-time favourite.Do yourself a favour, and grab this game."
76561198006004632,Recommended,257850,30260215,Posted: 1 March,all,Marlow,"Hyper Light Drifter is brilliant. If you haven't bought it, buy it. Or ask for it for your birthday.Ignore any comments about the game being ""too hard."" I'm depressingly average at games and I completed it without too much trouble. Some sections are definitely challenging, but due to clever design decisions at no point did I find it frustrating.Combat is fast and very satisfying, as you use a combination of dash, sword and ranged attacks to get in and out of range, dealing and avoiding damage. Enemy encounters are over in seconds rather than minutes, so replaying a section until you get it just right doesn't feel like a chore. Checkpoints are generous so you shouldn't have much backtracking to do. Waypoints less so but shortcuts open up after completing some sections. Controls are responsive and the game ""feels"" really good to play. There are lots of upgrades that will help level the playing field, and enough health packs hidden away to keep you moving.The variety of skills and weapon upgrades give you lots of different tactics to and experiment with, and you'll find your favourite combinations.The visuals are very striking, and they help to make the world feel immersive. There's loads of little details that help bring the world to life, like the various creatures that live in the central town - they flip burgers, play guitar or drown their sorrows in a back alley. Animations are smooth and full of character.Each area of the game has its own distinctive feel, and its own set of enemies posing different challenges. Exploring each new area feels exciting in a way that not many other games master. Among the otherworldliness are prosaic touches like crates, desks or filing cabinets (that burst satisfyingly into piles of paper when hit) that make the environments feel solid and convincing.There are heaps secrets hidden away - secret paths, doors, pickups and new costumes - so exploring thoroughly is rewarding. I only found a tiny fraction on my first playthrough.There is virtually no (English) text in the game, the story, controls and objectives are communicated visually or aurally. Don't be put off as you're told all you need to know and if you just keep exploring you'll get where you need to go.The Disasterpeace soundtrack is brilliant.Not much else to say, it's a game that shows that a small group of talented developers armed with Game Maker and a compelling vision can make a title that blows AAA titles out of the water in terms of gameplay, style and imagination.Oh yeah, boss fights! The bosses in this game made John Walker cry like a baby, but I can't think why.All are classic, traditional boss battles with patterns you have to learn, attacks to avoid, and moments of vulnerability. None of the bosses is ""unfair"" and every time I died it's because I panicked and did something stupid. If you have an ounce of patience and don't get greedy you'll beat any boss in one sitting. In short, bosses are imaginative, varied, full of character and very satisfying when you finally nail them."
76561198064401591,Recommended,257850,32749861,Posted: 24 June,all,ThePandanator2,"Hyper Light Drifter is, flat out, just a good game. It doesn't stand out in one particular aspect but the whole game is just well rounded and enjoyable.The combat the game is based around is admittedly a little repetitive once you get into it, but new enemies and areas keep fights different and challenging. Game mechanics are basic enough to be grasped quickly but take time to master. I have to say the game will warn you it's best played on a controller, and it most certainly is, but it can be done with mouse/keyboard as well. Be prepared for a challenge.The visuals and soundtrack for the game are stunning, they nail the 16bit style. The UI is good and easy enough to navigate though it could be a bit more straight forward.The story is... odd, and a bit hard to follow. There's no dialogue so figuring out what's going on in this world you're thrown into takes time and a lot of piecing together but the journey is fun.Overall 8.5/10, great game."
,Recommended,257850,27100316,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,eX-Rayted,Gorgeous visuals. Amazing soundtrack. Straightforward mechanics. Obscure story. Challenging bosses. A stunning world that you're free to explore with hardly any hand holding. Fans of the Soulborne and the original classic Zelda series will love this game.
,Recommended,257850,22192109,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,crowbar,"rating: worth buying at full pricescore: 9/10 - must playsimilar games: FEZ, Dark Souls, Transistor, Legend of Zelda, Megaman Zerotags: Beautiful, Sci-Fi, Post-Apocalypse, Exploration, Combat, HardHyper Light Drifter is one of the top league Indie games like Transistor, Shovel Knight or Banner Saga. With 6 hours playtime it isn't that long (although you might need longer if you die more often), but in my opinion it was the perfect playtime for this game and it felt really complete and round. But there is also a next game+ mode, which I will definitly play, especially because you can't get all upgrades on your first playthrough.UPDATE: Next Game+ mode is a bit dissapointing. All that changes is that your Health gets limited to 2, so you die in one hit against bosses and can only take one hit from  some normal enemies. I still try to beat this mode, but it isn't what I hoped a ""next game+"" mode would offer.Hyper Light Drifter is a Top Down game where you explore a ""post apocalyptic"" like world and fight monsters. You also meet other characters, but there is no understandable language in this game. When NPCs talk to you you see images of what they are talking about. I think this is okay, if these characters would speak english for example, it could hurt the atmossphere. And even though you don't hear a single word, some characters are actually really cool. There is also lots of mystery involved and even after beating the game, I'm still not 100% sure what really happened. Maybe I'm a moron, maybe the game isn't bringing across it's story well, I don't know, but I still had a very satisfying experience.Exploration is one of my favorite things in video games, but I'm not talking about exploration like in Firewatch or The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, I'm talking about exploration in games like Dark Souls and Half-Life, and there is plenty of that in this game. The level design is open, but also focused and guides you. There are always side paths where you can find stuff and there are also really well hidden, but also well hinted, secrets. You also never get lost, because you have a map and every area has a unique theme. Also there are landmarks like giant corpses of some giant beings which help you orientate in the world. The world of this game is really amazing actually, and it's so beatiful.What really rounds up this world and the atmossphere is the music. It just perfectly fits this game and is so well made. It sounds a bit like it's inspired by FEZ actually (not only that). I also love how the music just flows, there are not sudden stops or clear moments where music starts and where it ends. All of this is so well made and helps to create this unique, beautiful and immersive world, which is just fun to run around in, but what about the combat?I love the combat. I really really love it. I love that this game makes no compromises. This game isn't extremely difficult, but it punishes beginner mistakes, like button mashing. You have to completely understand each mechanic to be able to succeed, but there are plenty of opportunties where you will learn them. Every area has it's own enemy types, each with it's own strength and weaknesses. Some hit hard and have lots of HP, but are slow, some are really fast but have really low hp, some have ranged attacks, some have multiple attack types. This means that when you are in a fight you have to priortize different enemies, just like in Doom or Serious Sam. Like in Dark Souls you have a limited amount of healing items you can carry, and using a healing item takes a little bit of time, so you have to time it right. Also you have to decide if you want to heal early or late, depending on how much you are willing to risk.What really made me love this game are the bossfights. ALL of them are really well made, although one boss was a bit too easy and I beat him first try (the boss of the water world, the frog thingy). Every boss starts with a small number of attack types and is not too overwhelming, but the more the fight continues, the crazier attacks they will use. Because of this there is no trial and error. You can watch the bosses do their things while you keep dodging. Also when you die and restart, you won't get overwhelmed immediately. There is much more to the gameplay I could talk about, but all that should matter for this review is that the combat is really well made, well thought out and also extremely responsiv and beginner friendly (but the game is really hard). You will need a controller though.Btw I didn't even notice the 30 fps, because of pixel art and the game is still very responsive, but 60 fps would obviously be better."
,Recommended,257850,22170819,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,.swan,"Wow.First hour in. Super impressed.They've over-delivered.Pacing is spot on.Combat incredibly satisfying.Several ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can do that?"" moments.1 part muscle memory, 1 part twitch-reaction, 1 part enemy-priority juggling. Dash of ominous-yet-cheerful soundtrack.And ♥♥♥♥. It's gorgeous.11/10, would have a sloppy makeout-session with the devs.******************************************************************Couple things to consider before diving into this sexy-mess:******************************************************************1. I'm through and through a kb/mouse kind of feller. But you're probably going to want a controller for this one. Really feels right. This is the kind of game that's good enough that it's worth dropping the extra couple bucks if you don't have one on hand.2. If you're looking for a casual wander-around and take in the sights sort of experience, you're going to be sorely disappointed. If you're bad at games, you probably won't finish this one. Not a lot of hand-holding going on here."
76561198062513474,Recommended,257850,22304517,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,tyloros,"Should you get this game? First ask yourself a few other questions.Question: Do you have a mac?Answer: If yes, don't get this game YET.Explanation: The mac version apparently has some bugs that still need to be fleshed out.Q: Does your system meet the hardware requirements?A: If it doesn't, don't get this game.E: Many reviewers have complained they couldn't run the game, then gave it a negative review. WHAT?Q: Do you need the game to tell you what to do every step of the way?A: If yes, don't get this game.E: Many people have called this game ""obtuse"" due its (almost) complete lack of instrcutions.Q: Do you need the game to provide you with a detailed encyclopedia describing the story?A: If yes, don't get this game.E: This game has no dialogue and only a few stories delivered in pictures and cryptic monoliths.Q: Do you dislike games that require you to die a lot in order to become better at it?A: If yes, don't get this game.E: You will die A LOT in this game and it can become frustating.Q: Do you dislike searching, scouring even, every nook and cranny to find a WELL hidden secret?A: If yes, don't get this game.E: Exploration is integral in order to progress in this game.Q: Do you dislike difficult boss fights that require many (many many) tries to beat?A: If yes, don't get this game.E: This game has very difficult boss fights. You will die a lot even when you know the patterns.Q: Do you need to be showered with healing items?A: If yes, don't get this game.E: Health packs are frequent but not so numerous that you're always full. Once you get better, you'll need them less.Q: Does 30 fps matter to you?A: If yes, don't get this game?E: People are complaining that 30 fps causes sea sickness, lagging, and a poor looking game, none of which are true.After answering all of the questions you should have a good idea of what's in store for you, without spoiling anything. I personally love this game and couldn't give it enough praise. The story that is there, is captivating. The graphics are beautiful despite it being pixelated. The music fits perfectly with the ruined landscape. This game is great and I believe much of the negativity surrouding it can be attributed to people wanting a game to be exactly how they envision, instead of just sitting back and enjoying the experience."
76561198044793185,Recommended,257850,22237108,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,MikhaliX,"I just finished the game.The game feels like a hybrid between Legend of Zelda and Dark Souls but what I love about this game is that it doesn't requrie level upping or heart pieces to strengthen your character. Improvement comes from you and learning how to use the skills and equpment is what grants you strength. You can play through it without any optional upgrades at all, I think.You cna also play the stages in any order but it's usually recommended to get the multi-dash upgrade first for an easier time.There's also platforming here which is a delight for me who grew up with platformers.The game is very atmospheric with it's gorgeous pixel visuals and animations but I do feel apathetic playing it most of the time. I can't find any emotional attachments to any of the characters because it's a silent game. Pure visual story telling would work if the story was simple but I get the feeling that it's far more complex than it seems. There's even a bit of time travel here from what I understand. This might just be my own preference because I can't stand narratives in games with silent protagonists.My only real con about this game is that it feels kinda' short or I just found an exploit and ripped right through the game.  There's a little too many health packs lying around too.  I also thought that he'd have more attacks from what I saw from the game's previews but my memory is a little hazy on that.There's also a new game plus which limits the HP bar severely and only the truly daring would go through with that handicap. I suppose this addresses the game's length and I might attempt it at some point but I'm a little burnt out.Overall, it was a great experience but I think it get's overshadowed easily by other games with a more captivating narrative or mystery."
,Recommended,257850,22171594,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,bokjchoi,"From what I feel about it so far:-Think of it like Legend of Zelda but faster with some metroid unfluence and a touch of dark souls difficulty-The enemies hit hard-You have this cool dash ability, kinda reminds me of bloodborne movement when you hit and dash-Speaking of bloodborne, the animation for when you heal looks like you're injecting yourself-Checkpoints are fairly generous-Visually this game is really pretty with its cyberpunk-esque and futuristic color schemeIt's a good challenging top down adventure game"
76561198119868965,Recommended,257850,32747607,Posted: 24 June,all,rfsterrr,"Honestly one of the best games of any type I've played in a long time. The combat is excellent: fast and fluid but also challenging. The music knocked it out of the park, which has become the norm for the artist Disasterpeace. The art is breath-taking, I seriously challenge you to find any game that has better pixel art than Hyper Light Drifter.One thing that people tend to take issue with is story, because there is zero dialogue in the whole game, but honestly it's one of the things that I adore about this game. The story is left up to one's own interpretation, and prefers to show rather than tell the player what is going on. So if you're looking for a campaign driven game, this isn't it.10/10 game for me, I'd say it ranks in my top 5 games played ever."
,Recommended,257850,25729570,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Piccio7,Zelda meet Dark Souls and having a pixel art partyJust wonderful in every aspect
,Recommended,257850,22262095,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,LNRD,"One of the best games I've played so far. It has an excellent combat system that doesnt ""dumb you down"", it makes you get better to overcome the enemies, excellent maze-like maps(kinda like dark souls 1) where it loops in itself and feels like a zelda game at the same time while creating a unique world, story and characters. Loved the game."
,Recommended,257850,30285377,Posted: 2 March,all,Othello500,"I don't write many reviews, but I feel compelled to leave a small note that expresses my enjoyment of this game. It's one of the few games I've purposefully played slowly because a) want to find everything collectible in the game and b) I don't want the game to be completed. It's a strange dichotomy to be sure however it is also a testament to the type of game Heart Machine has created.In short, everything that constitutes this game deserves your attention.Thank you for reading."
,Recommended,257850,22801947,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,The Impossible Jackal,"If Zelda and Metroid had a baby, and then that baby went to live with Uncle Dark Souls, it would be this game.Seriously, one of the best games I've ever played.10/10"
76561198002146979,Recommended,257850,22170832,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,panzersnapdragon,"It's so damn good. It's a shame the Rock Paper Shotgun article linked on the game page is a baby whining about the difficulty, because this is the most perfectly designed Zelda game in years."
,Recommended,257850,22352342,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,PoopaPapaPalpatine,"Old-school Zelda + Dark Souls + Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind = Brilliance.There's not much else to say about that. This game is great. Yes, it may be a bit hard for some people but that's what makes it fun.Hyper Light Drifter is a shining example of what a great game is and what an ""Indie"" game can be. Stirpped down graphics can still be beautiful, no cutscenes and dialogue force the use of imagination (God forbid), both for player and desginer, in both telling the story and weaving it into gameplay, and the ambient music is both mysterious and foreboding; setting an atmosphere that makes the game's world feel all the more vast and unknown.One of the best games this year, I'm calling it. One of the best gaming experiences I've had since Shovel Knight. There's no going wrong in picking up this title. It makes me all the more bummed that I missed out on pitching in to the Kickstarter; I would've more than gladly given it money for development AND paying the full price for it when it was released.Really, it's that good."
,Recommended,257850,24561321,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Vandal Savant,"Cute and mature.Punishing and forgiving.Slow and fast paced.Easy and frustrating.Let's go over each.Cute and mature.The pixel art is quirky and colorful. The entire narrative is made up of pictures for ""conversation"" rather than text. Many parts of the world are vibrant and simply pleasant to look at unless you inherently despise pixel art. But at the same time, it's grisly.  You behead your foes, spill their blood, and leave persistent corpses by the piles in your wake. There's also implied genocide in one region. Not the ""oh noes they're getting rid of us, frowny face :("" kind of video game trope extermination. I mean bodies-in-the-water genocide.Punishing and forgiving.Some think the combat is difficult, and it can be if you make mistakes or mistime your movements/attacks. You have a fixed HP of 5 hitpoints, no damage-gate, and no practical invincibility frames (you'd have to have robot reflexes to make deliberate use of them). Nearly attacks will do 1-2 damage, but they add up staggeringly quick when you put yourself in bad places against multiple enemies (spoilerz: you fight multiple enemies in 98% of all combat). But at the same time, your game auto-saves after every transition, which means you'll never be far from where you died. This cuts down on repetition after death that other punishing games are renowned for, and makes it easier to digest.Slow and fast paced.The game world's beautiful, and clearly the artists wanted you to really look at it. They reward slow pace with secret loot scattered all over the game. Specifically; several outfits (that give minor but varied effects), 2 bonus firearms, keys (to access other optional areas), and token fragments for upgrading your abilities.Lulls between fights can be long, sometimes to tensely extended periods. But during larger fights, the combat probably only lasts about 7-10 seconds while you're dashing around, dodging projectiles/enemies like you're playing a bullet hell minigame. A successful boss fight may not last any more than 2-4 minutes.Easy and frustrating.I didn't find HLD overall very difficult. You have a tremendous amount of tricks at your disposal once you start upgrading. Projectile deflection, shielded dashing, extra healing reserves, new and powerful attack moves, more gun ammo, and even grenades. But at the same time, even with every upgrade under the sun, you're still frail, waiting for one misstep to get mangled.You don't have invincibility frames while healing, so poor choice of deciding when to heal is usually fatal. In NG+ many enemies/traps will kill you inone hitsince your HP gets reduced from 5 to 2, leaving absolutely no room for error.Simplyfinishing a playthrough is easily doable if you have passable dexterity and/or a gamepad, but if you're a completionist you'll experience undistilled bouts of rage.It's my favorite game of 2016. The pixel art is surprisingly fluid in cutscenes, and animations utilize it well. The gameplay is simple but versatile due to good usage of melee/ranged combat because they synergize instead of being separate. The textless story enthralled me and made me try analyzing everything it gave me.The ending kinda sucked though. I felt like the obscure narrative fell very flat at the end, like the person directing it didn't really know how to conclude their own story. So, mentally prepare yourself for that."
,Recommended,257850,34361688,Posted: 19 August,all,Emperor Gandhi,"I highly, highly suggest you look at my article on this game for a complete overview of my thoughts:https://checkpointgames.wordpress.com/2017/08/11/an-in-depth-analysis-of-hyper-light-drifter/#more-90I said I'd review this game a year and a half ago. Well, hey, better late than never, right? As a big fan of theZeldaandDark Soulsgames, I chose to pick this game up on the day it released. I found out about its existence only a few hours before it came out, but I'm glad I did, because in spite of its numerous shortcomings, this game is a shining example of what indie games should strive to be. Please note this review will probably be a lot more brief, and I highly suggest you look at the article instead, because my thoughts are summed up much better there.GraphicsVisually, Hyper Light Drifter is one of the most beautiful pixel games (if not the best looking) on Steam in my opinion. The 4 different areas you explore are all visually distinct from one another, and they're all breathtaking to look at in their own way. Enemy designs are also very different from one another aside from a few exceptions, and this helps keep the game feel consistently fresh and interesting. What holds it back a little, in my opinion, is in the lighting. There were definitely times where the game was too flashy and it interfered with gameplay, most notably during the final boss fight. Aside from that though, this game is total eye candy.GameplayHyper Light Drifter'sexploration and combat are both very well done. In the case of the former, the game rewards people who explore its world. By looking for subtle visual/audio cues, you'll be able to find out where secrets are located, which could give you an extra medkit for an upcoming confrontation for example. These cues never felt blatantly obvious, and usually there was an extra step or two added so you couldn't just rely on those cues to find the secret. The combat starts off basic enough, but eventually gets more and more complex with things like chaining dashes and deflecting projectiles. Hyper Light Drifter is a tough game, and occasionally it does get a little unfair with things like instakill stunlocks and placing a bunch of enemies in a single room for the sake of it, but for the most part it doesn't get cheap. The bosses are definitely the highlight of this ""tough but fair"" aspect to the game, because all of them feel like tests of skill rather than relying on a cheap gimmick or something like that. They're incredibly gratifying to defeat, and the inclusion of a boss rush mode makes fighting them so much more enjoyable. Where the gameplay falls flat, however is in its tedious healing system and the lack of explanations for many of the game's important mechanics. I found myself backtracking quite a bit to find an extra medkit or two for an upcoming boss, only to use that medkit I worked so hard for on my trip back. This made the game drag out a lot more than it should've, in my opinion. And while I don't mind learning how things work for myself, this game explains too little to you. For example, you can find different cloaks to wear, and I didn't know until right before I finished the game that these cloaks actually significantly changed your playstyle rather than a basic change in appearance. With a few quality-of-life improvements, this game would've been significantly better.StoryTo be honest, the story behind the game's development is far more interesting than the main story itself. I think the problem with the game's story is that it didn't focus on the right thing. There was a lot of potential to get very in-depth and personal with the game's message, but I think the external plot is far less interesting than the internal one. Unfortunately, as much as I'd love to talk about this further, I would be jumping into spoiler territory.If you want to see my full thoughts on the story, check out the link at the top.AudioHyper Light Drifter'sstrongest aspect is undoubtedly its music. It took some time, but it grew on me and made the game feel more like a surreal experience, and don't get me started on howbeautifulthe ending music is. I recommend buying the game just for the soundtrack alone, to be honest. The sound effects are also nice, so I can't find any reason to criticize the game's audio.ReplayabilityThanks to the boss rush and NG+ modes, there's actually a decent amount of replay value found here. I can definitely see myself coming back to this game and replaying it soon in NG+ because the game isn't very long at all. Plus, with the amount of secrets, collectibles, and upgrades to master, you could easily put a good amount of time into the game.VerdictHonestly, coming up with a verdict for this game is tough. It's hard for me to judge it this simply because there's a lot to this game for me to discuss. Overall though, there's a lot of flaws and nitpicks I have with the game. Is it the ""best"" indie game to come out in years? No, not really. Even if the main story wasn't that good, I still adored every second ofHyper Light Drifter.There was a lot of passion put into this game, and while it's very similar to games likeDark Souls,(as overused as that comparison may be) it's still able to have its own identity and is a very special indie game, special enough for me to consider it a personal pick.Hyper Light Drifteris a prime example of the originality in indie games, and is a breath of fresh air in an industry where open world action/RPG games are the norm. If you're willing to put aside the game's shortcomings, you're looking at a true diamond in the rough.Graphics- 9.5/10Gameplay- 8.5/10Story- 6.5/10Audio- 10/10Replayability- 7.0/10.:8.6/10:.""Great""**PERSONAL PICK**+ Beautiful soundtrack+ Encourages exploration+ Gorgeous pixel graphics+ Exciting and rewarding boss battles+ Fun and surprisingly deep combat+ Visually distinct environments+ Inclusion of a boss rush mode- Doesn't explain certain important mechanics- Uninteresting main story- Tedious healing system"
76561198011921744,Recommended,257850,25257069,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Unknown,"This is the best game I have played in a long time.I hesitate to say the best Zelda-like game, because that would indicate that Zelda is better.  And it's not.  I don't say that casually - I love the Legend of Zelda series, but MAN, Nintendo got REKT here.It is most like the original Legend of Zelda in that it is very free-roaming and is difficult, however, it teaches you the game in such a fantastically simple way.  It requires no manual.  You'll be able to get into it pretty quickly.BREAKDOWN:Gameplay: 10/10The smoothness and variety of the combat and enemies is astonishing, far surpassing Zelda.  You get energy for your gun by using your sword, making all of combat a mix of both.  The dash and additional moves you learn make you feel like a master swordsman instead of a derpy Link.  The elements teach themselves quite well.Story: 7/10This game uses absolutely no words, which is AWESOME.  Dialog is done through pictures.  It gives the whole game world a bit of an alien feeling, like you came to a foreign land.  That said, I'm not sure I understood the overarching story very well.  Extended cutscenes might help with that a lot.Art: 10/10The art in this game is absolutely astounding.  I love it to death.  Not annoyingly pixely, and very unrepetitive.  It is beautiful.  Just look at videos and pictures.  SERIOUSLY.Difficulty: 9/10The difficulty in this game is almost perfect for me - it's difficult and the bosses will probably kill you several times, as will the levels leading up to them.  The penalty of death, however, is merely starting the room over with the same stuff you had when you entered, which makes the difficulty really fun instead of annoying.  Considering this light punishment, I would have liked some harder enemies to fight.  I suppose though as someone who likes Dark Souls a lot, that means it will be perfect for a less masochistic player.Overall: 9.5/10 - as awesome as Dark Souls, though in a different wayThis is a must-buy.  You won't regret it one bit.  I wish there would be a sequel."
,Recommended,257850,32357018,Posted: 11 June,all,Niggagante (MH Worlds hype),"This is a simply astounding game. It has an amazing sound track and great graphics, as well as interesting and unique gameplay. However, the most intriguing part of this game is the story. It doesn't have a huge lore filled world where everything needs explaining. There will be no Vaati for Hyper Light Drifter. But it's what the world means and it's how it keeps you interested by not giving you much, but by not depriving you of story. It's one of the best games I have ever played and I hope that there will be more to come."
,Recommended,257850,29419594,Posted: 22 January,all,₸ʌʟwıcĸ,"AMasterpiece!I'm not normally a fan of Pixel Art games, but there is something truly mesmerizing about this one. The screenshots don't do the visuals justice, and the music is otherworldly. Some of it reminds me of the amazingBlade Runnersoundtrack byVangelis.The gameplay is simple and engaging. Whilst nothing (so far) is beyond my skill, it still feels like a challenge every time I'm swarmed by foes. The combat is fast paced and gritty; with quick jabs that always feel... solid. Not sure how else to put it, but I feel pleasure every time I smack a baddie in the face with my sword or a round from my blaster.PROS:> Beautiful visuals. All environments, elements, and entities are masterfully created & animated. Combat looks (and feels) amazing, traversal of the world is engaging, and cutscenes are emotionally moving.> Amazing soundtrack. I often go between different activities quickly. Usually I close/mute games when I go to something else, but Hyper Light drifter is an exception. I like to leave it playing softly in the background.CONS:> In combat, the camera may sometimes ""jam"" on the world constraints (used to hide/focus on things) rather than keep an enemy in view, often hiding said enemy and letting them blindside you.> Occasional stuttering for no apparent reason, as resource usage is still minimal. Not sure what the cause is. Autosaving is the culprit in many games, but doesn't seem to be the cause here.OVERALL:9/10Whether this game is played in short a short burst or for hours on end, I never tire of it. I'm compelled to roam (and cleanse) the world, and find out what the Drifter is seeing. Is it all in the mind? Or are these dark spirits trying to keep him away?NOTE: Be warned. This game is quite challenging, even on Easy. So if you're purely a casual gamer, you might want to wait for a sale or avoid it, unless you've money to spare."
,Recommended,257850,22191278,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Akka,"This game absolutely rules.It sits comfortably upon the razor's edge of hard difficulty never steeping into the unfair ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t category that so many other ""git gud"" games so often fall prey to. You die to a boss and you respawn immediately before the fight able to try again within moments. Bed of Chaos from Dark Souls 1 made you walk one minute across a pool of lava before you could re-fight him.I had to take a pause in the game to soak in the beautifully crafted environments. This game didn't need to look so damn good but it decided to look ultra F-I-N-E anway.The colors pop vibrantly like the neon 80's. Music is a little bland and forgettable though.The game doesn't do any handholding so here are some important tips that will save you some trouble.1) The levels are all about the same difficulty. You can do them in any order.2) Tackle the East first, that boss is the easiest and your reward is a very high dps weapon3) Purchase the triple dash before you head North. You'll want it for both the level and the boss.4) The boss in the west is the hardest by far5) The dash attack item is useless--the input is only one frame long so it never comes out."
,Recommended,257850,25736317,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Ikarooz,"I´ll keep it short:People on the web say it´s pretty much a mixture of Dark Souls and Zelda. There´s adventure, a satisfying, (textless!) dark story and a really challenging fighting system.The soundtrack and overall design is really moody and catches you within minutes, the visuals beautiful and unspent.After the game was pretty much done, the developers spent a LOT of time polishing the game. They´ve often redesigned enemies or animations, rebuild levels or overthought game mechanics. That´s why everything in this game seems to be just where it should be.It´s a finished, carefully polished gem, so don´t just gobble it up, slowly enjoy every bite of it. A game for game gourmets."
,Recommended,257850,31573152,Posted: 5 May,all,Ikarrus,"I was skeptical, but this game ended up being super fun with really tight combat, beautiful art and music, and an interesting setting.Difficulty was kind of high at first, but that got better really fast after I bought a few upgrades. I'd advise new players to take their time, backtrack and explore instead of feeling like they have to keep moving forward."
,Recommended,257850,23512648,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,raixel,"Sometimes in all the years Ive been gaming (about 30) a game comes out that is unique - something that stands far above all the typical games out there. Hyper Light Drifter is one of those. At its core, its a top down action game like the old Legend of Zeldas. But it has some of the most amazing pixel art I have ever seen, and a mindblowingly great soundtrack. Its sort of an RPG, but theres absolutely no text or words, except for a few control hints at the very beginning. Not in the shops, not with the NPCs. You go to a shop, and series of pictures tells you what the thing you are buying is and what you need to get it. NPCs tell you their stories in a series of detailed images. It takes some getting used to, but its awesome.Its really surreal. After a brief (awesome) cutscene, your char stand up and you're off. Nothing is explained beyond a few brief control hints, and you dont know what you're doing, although the game reveals gameplay concepts slowly enough to you that you arent ovewhelmed with the fact that the UI isnt a standard action RPG. You make your way through this uniquely rendered post-human world, fighting enemies and interacting with some odd animal-like natives who tell you stories in a series of images that are so well done you'll understand what they are saying with watching it twice (at most). The farther you go, the more of the story is revealed. Its confusing at first, but really grows on you once you get the hang of it.The controls are simple and easy to get used to. One of my only complaints is the controller is non mappable. What you see is what you get. I managed to make it work for me as neither LB or LT is absolutely needed quickly and accurately, but if you have physical issues, please take this into consideration that although the game does have ""full controller support"" it is permamapped, and youre going to need to use at least RT and RB quickly.AGAIN I have to give the reminder: To all devs out there - PLEASE make controllers fully mappable. If you have controller support at all, why not make it mappable? For someone like me with a physical disability it can be the difference between enjoying a great game, and being forced to refund a great game because its unplayable. Theres a LOT of gamers with physical issues out there, and that numbers only going to go up as us first gen gamers get older.Hyper Light Drifter is nothing short of uniquely amazing."
76561197998442820,Recommended,257850,28225119,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,jamiebennion,"Hyper Light Drifter is one of my favourite games in years. I initially bought the game because I loved the visual design, but it ended up exceeding my expectations on every level. The visual style, the soundtrack, the storytelling, and the gameplay are all of the highest quality; they are complementary, and memorable.When I initially played and finished the game, I was very satisfied and thought that I would probably play it again in a year or so. I ended up coming back in just a couple months, and found myself playing it through three times in a row, completing the majority of the game's optional challenges. I now know that this game will join a small handful of others that I return to and replay every year or so, which is probably the highest praise I can give.If you want to play a beautiful game with an incredible artistic aesthetic, I strongly recommend this game. If you want to play a challenging but fair action game that is reminiscent of old classics, I strongly recommend this game. Support this game, we need more like it!"
76561198163012515,Recommended,257850,22614773,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Clarityman,"As a child, the original NES Zelda was my jam. As an adult, Dark Souls stole my heart and made me wonder why 3D Zelda didn't naturally evolve in that direction.Hyper Light Drifter is the game I've been waiting for my entire life and I wanna make it pregnant but can't bc it keeps drifting too fast 10/10"
,Recommended,257850,23823858,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,mitternachtgoblin,"Hyper Light Drifter reminds me of so many good games/movies/books in my life.Just to mention a few: Journey, Fez, Darksouls, Zelda (especially when destroying bushes), Ghibli Movies, Secret of Mana, Shadow of the Colossus, Blame, Stanislav Lem, Attack on Titan, etc...With all of this as inspiration, you cannot go wrong and still you will play something new and totally unique!Great job!"
,Recommended,257850,25154847,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,waloose,"This game has quickly become one of my favorites of all time. I wasn't shocked when I realized I had poured two days of playtime into it. It is challenging, unforgiving, frustrating, rewarding, inspiring, uplifting and one of the most fun games I have ever played. Thank you Heart Machine for making such a great game. If you're thinking about purchasing this game, just do it already. It's completely worth it."
,Recommended,257850,32649996,Posted: 22 June,all,W H I S K E,This is one of my top 3 games. It is one of the most beautiful games I have had the honor of playing. Disasterpiece (the artist behind the soundtrack) has made an absolute musical masterpiece. This game is worth every cent because it has so much hard genuine work put into it.
76561198013995772,Recommended,257850,32876492,Posted: 27 June,all,Häri,"Honestly, feels like one of the best games I've played, maybe ever. Great mechanics, stunning art and beautiful music. Hyper Light Drifter is one of those games you just wish wouldn't end."
,Recommended,257850,23957826,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,thanks i hate it,completed main game in one sitting and do not regret10/10 would drift again
,Recommended,257850,22262830,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Calsive,Wow. This game is absolutely amazing... I picked it up while waiting for Dark Souls 3 hoping it would hold me over... I feel bad for underestimating the game as just something to pass the time... I love this game... The only thing I dislike is that there isn't more of it! If you're thinking about it... Get it.
76561197991036177,Recommended,257850,27379023,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Revanchist,"This game is atmospheric, riviting, poignant and fun to play. The creators crafted something beautiful, not just in form, but in functionality.The game is challenging but not frustratingly so; each mistakes lights within you a fire to do better and improve.The silence of your avatar is endearing, coupled with his suffering, the sotic nature of his nebulous quest is a task you will want to see until the end."
,Recommended,257850,24356408,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Kung Fu Sandwich,The Legend Of Zelda and Dark Souls had a beautiful pixel baby and it's name was Hyper Light Drifter.A really enjoyable game with an excellent soundtrack too.
76561198017215862,Recommended,257850,22532276,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,mj kitsch,"Phenomenal action and exploration.  Easily compared to other great games, but HLD sets itself apart in both gameplay and atmosphere.  This is a truely unique experience well worth playing for anyone who doesn't fear a little challenge and adventure."
,Recommended,257850,28651376,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,x.iso,"This game actually feels like some legendary title from 90's by the way it's played, not just visual presentation. And it does also have some controls nitpicking relevant to games of that time. Which sometimes works smooth as butter and other times just one stumble or mistake and everything falls apart. At least most of the time relevant checkpoints keep you from rage quitting, but only if you don't try some challenges. Those can get easy over time though, with skill and patience.If you like Transistor, you might just like this game. And vice versa."
,Recommended,257850,22218230,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Idiotech,"Video:https://youtu.be/VoQgOGXCLO8Summary:A fantastic presentation combined with punishing gameplay. If you are a fan of challenging gameplay that relies heavily on trail and error, you will love this game.Pros:+ Artstyle+ Sound Design+ Enemy Variety+ Boss FightsCons:- 30 FPS- Ghosting & Motion Sickness- Imprecise Controls- Poor Storytelling"
,Recommended,257850,22280665,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,[LoG] WordSlice,"Super beautiful game and the learning curve is on point for those that enjoy a challenge. Also if you like treasure hunting, oh boy, you're going to have fun.As an anecdote, I did the western wing on two seperate occasions. The first time that I fought the boss, I died probably 15-20 times before succeeding. The second time, I killed it on the first attempt.Also, the way that there is no written or spoken language outside imagery is a super clever and engaging decision.As a package, this is one of the best games I have played in a long time. Thank you developers."
76561198043147326,Not Recommended,257850,23658346,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,GeroTeX,"Steam reviews only allow ""recommend: yes/no"". I checked ""no"" but it's too harsh, there should be a ""not for everyone"".Maybe I was not in the right mood when playing this or I'm not the target of this style, but I think I'll just abandon playing it.I loved the art when watching the trailer/screenshots and the ambience is interesting; but the difficulty made this boring, and the enjoyment of exploring this world turned into a chore when it killed me again and again (with sloooowww death/revive animation) for each new zone.Also, the art style, while nice to look at at first, gets a little in the way of the gameplay: not very ""readable"", getting stuck trying to move in a fight because some differently colored square was actually a wall and not the ground, for example.I think I don't have the time for that anymore. I preferred getting stuck for days on a difficult level in ""Portal Stories: Mel"" than getting stuck for 10 minutes fighting my way through a room in HLD."
,Recommended,257850,31005792,Posted: 7 April,all,⎛Ƈувєя☣Ɠø𝐓♅⎞,"If you're oldschool or you're discrediting this age's pixilated games or even new devs, you're the gamer I need to talk to. That's definitely a product only possible to come fromAnother Worldgamers and others, when the narrative was purely visual. Like a mute movie.Enough good points compensates flaws.That game does the same as the older RPGs did.Terranigmain particular, but the game is unique on his own right.The world is big, the eastern sunken ruins are probably the first choice of playthanks to some random dogbut map screen has a confusing design.Controls aren't always so responsive and so far I can't play local Co-op with a joystick and I couldn't find a fix onSkynetGoogle.Music does much of the ''talking'' here. Games without written dialogue relies on it, music is very immersive on all occasions.It isn't based on @ss-leveling, you gotta work and find the upgrades. Ups could be a bit more rewarding for all the troubles you have to find them.Exploration and discovery suits with the gameplay. The order to go is purely based on what you can do. Your motor skills better be sharp though.Impressive visual creativity are sometimes blurred by lack of semiotic concordance in the plot. Nevermind. Wtf that even means?""Standard'' level can be very hard, and you're somewhat ''tricked'' to take it first time. But this is exactly where the fun-factor is dammit. Just don't call that Arcade.Nice pixelated graphicswithout too much polishingwhich is good. Nostalgia attacks during cut-scenes and other animations.A bit of human ingenuity made a simple concept living again, that's why it is attractive to me.I really recommend youHyper Light Drifterand I never recommend games so explicitly. I usually appeal to subliminal messages and lots of unwanted bull in the best of my s#tty abilities, so we don't end up like IGN or something. Go drift with the light, so far it has been great to go fractal in this cybernetic fantasy world.11 out of frigging 10 man."
,Recommended,257850,22415754,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Knightsunder,"Are you morbidly depressed because you can't run Dark Souls 3?This is both a substitute, and a damn good replacement until you get a half-decent computer. I highly recommend using keyboard and mouse for fluid gameplay, though this is likely personal preference. A marvelous soundtrack, complete with rewarding pattern-recognition and gradually progressive gameplay. You can go wherever you want in the game, in any direction, and you'll be able to handle everything that comes at you, even without upgrades.This game is the pride and joy of isometric dungeon crawlers for the last year or so."
76561198122873080,Recommended,257850,34348026,Posted: 19 August,all,CoboltRaner,I want to play the game againIn my book that is the best thing you can say about a game
76561198043593333,Recommended,257850,23493950,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Slaaneshou,"Died a lot. Always came back for the art. Finally stayed for the awesome-once-mastered gameplay.There is a lot lot to be loved about HLD. The gorgeous pixel art, the awesome sound atmosphere and the amazing gameplay combine to provide a very enjoyable experience. Kudos to the bosses, which are among the most memorable I've ever fought in a video game.However, the story sometimes feels a bit cryptic, especially considering the beautiful world created for the needs of the game, which would maybe have deserved a clearer, more engaging setting (as well as better hints for secrets !). Personally, I've been refrained from trying to find collectibles for that reason, and as a consequence the game felt quite short for its price.If you love Dark Souls, 2D Zelda, or fair challenge as a whole, get it now.If you love mind-blowing pixel art and beautiful worlds, but aren't willing to endure numerous hours dying and exploring, get it on sale.7.5/10 (PS : Go east first !)"
,Recommended,257850,32401353,Posted: 13 June,all,lolli,"This game was very fun to play and the graphics made it even more appealing. I see this as a mix of Dark Souls and Titan Souls, with the art style of Fez.The only complaint, and I mean only, is that I cannot heal quick enough; alas, this just makes it a tad more fun and it adds a challenge. I don't really think it can be classified as a mistake.Happy playing!"
,Recommended,257850,30824231,Posted: 29 March,all,Ohagi-Chan,"An absolutely amasing title with story within the silence.Get it on sale.Get it full price.Just get it, tbh.Nice controls, nice art, nicer music.If you enjoy the idea of an open world adventure with a vague quest where all of the story and interactions are shown through animation and montage, this is definitely the game for you.Really pumps up those dillapidated sci-fi tones. Think an atmosphere of something like Crawl or Risk of Rain. Or both, if you swing that way ;)Oh yeah, someone posted a negative review to draw attention to the fact that the game is near unplayable for people with colour blindness. If you know you are colourblind with green or red (I might also add blue?), I suggest looking this game up on youtube before buying. That's the only excuse for not buying it, tbh."
76561198069127511,Recommended,257850,30851802,Posted: 31 March,all,Ivan the Adorable,"This game is absolutely incredible. It's like a beautiful combination of Zelda LttP and Dark Souls, although it's environmental storytelling puts Dark Souls to shame.I could not reccomend this game enough.It's fun, atmospheric and all round just a phenomenal experience that I would consider an absolute must play."
,Recommended,257850,31585225,Posted: 6 May,all,dalehanna01,"This game is beautiful; with no dialogue spoken or written, the player follows the main character throughout the game as he goes on an adventure to find clues as to why he has been stricken with a debilitating illnessVisually, the game is a treat. With pixel graphics in impactful and intricate colors, the player is constantly enchanted with diverse and tranquil scenery as they move through the game. The soundtrack of this game is simple and hauntigly curious, as piano melodies, chimes, and synths accompany the game.The player is able to get a lot out of this game, even after the completion of the main storyline. The player additionally has the option of choosing multiple levels of difficulty, making it a challenge depending on the skill level of the player.Through playing this game, the user is able to gain a satifying and grateful experience that is worth the price. 9.5/10"
76561198166620870,Recommended,257850,25736194,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"Bought it at launch but YOU can buy it now on sale.It's very good use of pixel art and vibrant color bring about a world of detail and wonder. Exploration and caution go hand in hand if you want to survive.Very reminiscent of The Lengend Of Zelda but with more Dark Souls like combat and the style of an anime and Tron put together.Drift away youe fears and buy it if you're seeking a silent, lonely but ultimately satisfying adevnture. It was definitely worth the hype and the wait!"
76561198180984299,Recommended,257850,33130688,Posted: 2 July,all,Prab,The easiest way to describe this game would be to call it an 16-bit Dark Souls game.Beautiful visuals all round combined with tight combat and contols. The game can get brutally hard but it definitely feels ultra satisfying when you do win or find some of those amazingly well hidden secrets. A mechanically sound game where every weapon and ability has its own place and timeto use it. Mechanics are easy to grasp but hard to master. All the extra hours you put in do get rewarded.The Soundtrack and the 16-bit visuals are stunning.The story is entirely told through pictures with no dialogue at all which i personally love in this game.Highly recommend using a controller to play this game though keyboard and mouse are completely playable as well.Edit : Just finished the game and beat the final boss. Entirely satisfied. You get to start a new game with a new character called the Alternate Drifter. It is actually great that she plays a bit differently than the Original character as it ads to the replayability of the game.
,Recommended,257850,23773854,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[β] Richyda,"It is, by far, one of the most challenging-but-fair games I have played. The controls feels just right and responsive, in almost all fights I have played there's a way to get all your opponents without taking a single hit from them, but that requires master timing and precision. As everyone said, the ambient, scenarios, music... all matches amaizingly well on this game. It is hard? Yes. Of course it will be hardest at first, but trial and error teach very well how the game mechanics works. Already one of my favorites on my library!PS: The game has LOCAL Co-Op mode if you plug in a controller and hit start. It will take you one of your five health bars to spawn the second player, but it will have full health. The second player does not have medkits, and spawns without ammo. But, keep in mind! Bosses will have twice as much health!"
,Recommended,257850,31670006,Posted: 10 May,all,Not a Criminal,"A masterpiece if you don't mind taking what you want from this game. You can definitely take many different things from the game, which definitely has the appeal. If you like a very direct story, I wouldn't recommend it. However, if you enjoy a bit of cryptic storytelling, sad endings, and engaging gameplay, you should definitely give this gem a shot."
,Recommended,257850,22568064,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,chroma,"This game stirs my soul in evocative ways. It feels like an amalgam of my own past, escaping into 8-bit NES and titles like Blaster Master and Guardian Legend and Crystalis, although it's not a direct reference to any of those games... But it's like that, especially if you grew up playing 8- and 16-bit video games developed in Japan... Somehow mixed in all this is the DNA of visionary anime like Nausicaa and other fare.It feels like a conversation held in the chiptune pixelated language of an entire era and aesthetic. Something somber about it all, too, a bit gothic perhaps.  The game invites profound awe and introspection just one layer below the action with every sprite, background, and audio track.Hyper Light Drifter seems to come from the heart, and stands loudly proclaiming the artform of gaming lives on even as the world, wonder, and hope of our childhoods fade and are replaced with something more knowing, more appreciative of the fleeting good, and more weary of all in the world that erodes it.   It's especially poignant today; evocative of a cultural era that seems to be slipping through our fingers as the Japan of a generation or two ago that reached such stunning artistic heights in anime and digital media perhaps begins to fade.I'm still relatively early in the game, but would enthusiasticly recommend it to anyone who enjoys deep, quiet, beautiful exploration, tremendous atmosphere, exceptional music, and a bit of legitimately challenging twitch gameplay. :)"
,Recommended,257850,22622603,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,dkota from the lights,"""we on a hyper light driftwe on a hyper light driftthis is a god liftthis is a god lift""-The Driftermost consistent artstyle of any game i've ever played, 10/10"
,Recommended,257850,30485071,Posted: 12 March,all,DarkMatter,(Just a note i finished the game)Hyper light dirfter is for me a pretty hard game. It reminds me of dark souls becuase of its difficulty. It is very beautiful with its awesome pixel graphics. The gameplay mechanics are great and it plays very well. Overall It think this game was 8/10.
,Recommended,257850,22236492,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ImperialBiscuit,"This game is incredible. It grips you from the first minute when you're introduced to the game through a slick, harrowingly beautiful and intriguing opening cinematic. The animation and art direction is top notch. The game play is a mix between link to the past dungeon crawling and challenging combat and exploration reminiscent of Dark Souls. The combat is tough but fair. Often times I'll die, and go back into the encounter with a new plan and win because I'm more familiar with the challenge at hand. This is the best kind of difficulty. It's not easy, but it encourages you to retry and conveys a sense of accomplishment when you win the fight. I would recommend this to anyone. One of the best games I've played in awhile."
76561198032042421,Recommended,257850,32283091,Posted: 8 June,all,Laika408,"Difficult and obscure with no text explanations of game mechanics or plot. Challenging combat, but satisfying once I got the hang of it. Have not finished and it kind of fell off my radar, but was fun for the time it kept my interest."
76561197996141104,Recommended,257850,28061800,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pico03,Awesome game all the way through to the end........ Keeping this short and sweet. I really enjoyed playing this to the point of actually finishing it a third time as I constantly learned of areas to add more to the plot or story of the game. Now remember the game is very visual in telling its story and the sound really adds to the atmosphere that just keeps you going.I never really care to achieve all the bits and pieces of the game and just enjoy your own experience as you play through any game but this one just calls me back for more. I've owned the game since its release and up until now I have just put this together for the reviewers.This game was well worth the money and highly recommend it........Great Job.
,Recommended,257850,33702169,Posted: 21 July,all,Andrew,Visual/audio kreygasm with a portion of zelda/metroidvania style gameplay.Must buy.
,Recommended,257850,31122139,Posted: 13 April,all,12p Ronald,"A ton of fun!Great visuals, fantastic sound design, fair and challenging gameplay with lots of variety.Zero dialogue required, story is well told through your environment which gives a lovely Souls-y atmosphere of exploration and isolation"
,Recommended,257850,22353273,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Hecko,The only negative thing I have to say about this game is that the map is horrible.
76561198021071391,Recommended,257850,31721664,Posted: 13 May,all,daevczen,I'm no longer afraid to die.
,Not Recommended,257850,30824246,Posted: 29 March,all,EyyAyy,"Hold up, before you downvote this review hear me out. I bought this game to play co-op with a buddy as advertised. However be forewarned that there is only local co-op though the store says there is both co-op and local co-op (even multiplayer and local multiplayer).Its an otherwise beautiful game as you can tell from the positive reviews but I feel scammed that the game does not have online co-op as advertised. I'm willing to change my review if the store page is revised or if online co-op is added."
,Recommended,257850,29672566,Posted: 3 February,all,NicoeBit,"Truly remarkable. If you like 16 bit graphics, mesmerizing OST and minimalistic storytelling, this is the game for you.Good references are games like: Bastion, Transsitor, Legend of Zelda. It also has a Shadow of the Colossus vibe in it.Much recommended."
,Recommended,257850,30025917,Posted: 18 February,all,Charmics,"A beautiful and engaging game, unafraid and carefully designed. One half exploration, one half a challanging but not unfair combat system. Recommended to anyone who enjoys nonlinear worlds with rewarding exploration.Points of interest:-The combat is very paced and rewards patience.-The environments are detailed and complex, not linear but not open-world.-Careful observation and exploration is heavily rewarded but not necessary.-Has a beautiful soundtrack which enhances the experience without being distracting.-The world is full of many different hidden items, some of which are easier to find than others.-There are unlockables and upgrades, but none are necessary to enjoy the game.-Death reloads the autosave, but it seems to always be well-placed.-Replayable - the world has a lot to offer and is designed well enough that going through again isn't annoying.-There is a story, but it's not overdone, and doesn't get in the way of playing the game.-Best played with a gamepad."
,Recommended,257850,22204063,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Razeam,A challenging Zeldalike that focuses on quick movement and combat.
76561198070325466,Recommended,257850,29580950,Posted: 29 January,all,Looc22,Reminds me of the first time I played through Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past but with a more mature theme and aesthetic. Fantastic gameplay.
,Recommended,257850,32879324,Posted: 27 June,all,Vaue,"If your on the fence of getting this game here are some reasons why you shouldStory- You play as Drifter a character that has access to technology that has been long forgotten to the world and is suffering from a illness (Took this from the wiki) That was a quick summary.Pros-beautiful game and scenerary-The soundtrack feels the aesthectic of the game and is actually a very well written sound track- the gameplay feels great and it has upgrades and unlocks and extra stuff to find and collect-There is no speech no dialouge no one talks through out the game the story is based on how to interpret it.Cons-Gameplay is challenging think dark souls esk they dont just hand you what you want-This is a pro and a con to people The main character along with everyone does not speak anywords-The game does not show you were to go or what to do in the slightest it doesnt explain anything there is not 1 tutorial .But overrall after playing both the xbox one version and steam i have co ncluded this game is a 8.6/10its def worth getting and as of Tuesday June 27,2017 The game is on sale for 10$"
,Recommended,257850,22235429,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Progfox,"EDIT: 60fps added in beta update. LITERALLY NO REASON TO NOT BUY THIS GAME.Without a shadow of a doubt, I love this game.The environments are gorgeous and interesting to explore; everything feels like it has an actual purpose in the world as though it truly is a real place people live in. While not really a puzzler, the game encourages in-depth exploration and rewards you for finding its very well tucked away secrets (although sometimes you find a secret area and think, ""how was I really supposed to find this without stumbling on it by accident?"").The fighting is fast and exciting and once you master your movement, you'll feel like some sort of insane ninja. The aesthetic is amazing, the soundtrack is absolutely astounding and I can easily say without a doubt this is one of the best experiences I've had in a while."
,Recommended,257850,29436979,Posted: 22 January,all,Sn0wy,"Honestly one of the best games I have ever played!Don't do to much research into it or else it will ruin the whole ""discovery"" part of the game. Its very exploration based, but the amazingly beautiful pixel art just makes it worth your while.I actually got a lot of Porter Robinsons ""Worlds"" vibe from this game. Great album to have playing in the background since it feels and looks like something he would of made.A MUST have game!"
,Recommended,257850,25784841,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,thief | DS3: Fencer,"The game is very good, and you will spend a lot of time trying to find things if you're like me and refuse to use a guide. Other people have probably spoken all about this though.I just want to make one thing very clear:there is no co-op. ""Local co-op"" doesn't mean ""co-op"" for most of us in the internet age since we don't all have a little brother or someone that comes over to play games anymore like in the 90's. This game does not have online connectivity.nVidia GameStream does work, but it also has its own problems. We weren't able to get the game's audio playing to the remote client, and he could hear himself talk into his microphone whenever he said anything while my game window was focused. Maybe in a few months or something, nVidia will fix the problems there and this game can be co-op that way, because he was not complaining about control latency (he lives 1000 miles away)."
,Recommended,257850,30202815,Posted: 26 February,all,Jinn,"An amazing game, with amazing visuals.While not directly telling you the ""lore & story"", you feel as if you're a part of it, and it adds a sense of immersion with amazing sounds and beautiful visuals.It makes you feel things you've never felt before."
,Recommended,257850,23355946,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Abyssolith,"After picking this up today, and getting sucked into it for 10 straight hours, I can recommend this game to anyone who loves hunting for secrets in games. Learning how to identify them and actually discovering them is extremely rewarding. There was even one secret area within another secret area Quake 2 style. Just know that some of the boss battles are brutally difficult at first. Once you understand how they move though, your immensely satisfying victory is inevitable. I did end up having to backtrack at certain points, but I always kept looking and eventually made it to the next boss.Tl;DrAs long as you persevere and keep an eye out for secrets, you will have a great experience."
,Recommended,257850,35141290,Posted: 22 September,all,Revolver Only,Incredible.
,Recommended,257850,22379751,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Zelaphiel,"Simply put, this is one of the best games I've played in a while, brings back so many good memories from my favorite Legend of Zelda game: A Link to the Past and at the same time adding awesome combat mechanics with a spot on difficulty similar to Dark souls. It has everything an old school fan could ask for, I'm glad games like these are being made in this day and age. Nostalgia is hard on this one, 10/10 for me."
,Recommended,257850,33174712,Posted: 3 July,all,smegma slug,This game has some of the best pixel art I've ever seen and a god tier OST. The story behind the game's creator made me want to support this game even more and adds so much more meaning to this game. PLEASE buy this game. Buy another copy for a friend. Another for your other friend. And maybe a second copy for yourself. The game is that worth it.
,Recommended,257850,22609655,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Brilliant Whistler,"The trees rustle in the distance. A faint summer breeze blushes against your cheek, then dies. Holding tight to your blade, you make your way though a magenta forest. The metalic taste of blood in your moulth reminds you that you don't have much time left.Hyper Light Drifter is a post apocalyptic tribute to classical Zelda games. You are a crimson traveler seeking a profaned crystal in hope of finding a cure for your illness. That is all I can tell about the story, not because I'm afraid of spoiling, but because it's fairly difficult to figure it out myself.Most of the story is told though the enviorment. Between the combat rooms, you travel though graveyards and laboratories, unraveling why the world came to what it is now. Impressive pixel art combined with an immersive ambience create a very strong atmosphere. So, even if you won't understand what you have played, you may still have a jolly fun experience.Now, the combat. The combat is generally quite simplistic and consists out of dashing, hacking away and occasionally using projectiles. Most of the challange comes from being forced to manage large groups of enemies. In a way, you can classify it as a bullet hell. The dash plays a key role in the game, as you are given a few moment of invincibility each time you use it. So, most of the time in the arena one will spend as a pink blur circuling around the room. The difficulty demands quick reaction times, up until you get the upgrades.Two extra medkits, a shotgun and the abulity that allows you to deflect bullets back at the enemy have a tendency to make most encounters anticlimactic.After completing the game, you will probably realize that you've missed about 60 percent of the content, since most of that content is quite well hidden. Everybody is expecting to find a spare upgrade part under the stair case, yet items that unlock new areas and game modes are so criptic to find, that there is no way the majority of players will uncover them without consulting a walkthough.My first playthough lasted about 10-12 hours and held my interest quite well. If you are a fan of dungeon crawlers set in a surreal apocalypse, mind giving this one a look. If you are hesitant, try picking this one up during the next Steam sale."
,Recommended,257850,28577695,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Frost,"So far this has been a really fun game. Gameplay is like a mix between Legend Of Zelda: Link to the Past with Dark Souls like combat. It feels like a cake walk at first but so far the bosses are pretty tough. Artstyle is great, It's like kinda like techno-japanesish feel. Very similar to Samurai Jack. I am liking this game so far and highly reccomend it. Only issue I see so far is the vague storytelling, but gameplay is absolutely solid and artstyle is amazing. Good game"
,Recommended,257850,24438224,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Greyscale,"♥♥♥♥ing fantastic game.Nails it in atmosphere, exploration and difficulty.Worth a buy for the soundtrack alone.Edit: 60FPS is fantastic."
,Recommended,257850,25256880,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,hauschild,This is a masterpiece. It fuses art and games in a way very few have done before.
,Recommended,257850,25831767,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ShadowRFox,"Hyper Light Drifter is a top down pixelated hack & slash and shooter. The story start off with your character (a drifter) afflicted with a sickness that is killing them. They need to search the areas to discover answers for a cure. What interesting is that the whole story is told without any words being spoken or written. All ""dialogue"" is told using pictures. So I found myself talking to everyone and paying close attention to try to make sense of the story.Gameplay is fast pace. Initially you have a dash ability to dodge attacks and zip past enemies and sword to cut down enemies. The Drifter also carry around 2 health items that restore health (you can upgrade it to carry more). As the game progress you'll gain new guns and currency to get upgrades and new skills. The currency is rare to come by and require much exploration to amount enough to get enough for an upgrade. Now exploration is where this game struggle since the map is just confusing to look at, let alone use. You're better off just not using and walking against every wall of each area looking for a secret passage.Enemies are quite easy to beat, but can become overwhelming when force to take out multiple at once and different types. The Bosses are quite interesting and can give players a decent challenge. I've never found a boss that was just ""unfair"" in fighting them, but challenging enough to make me remember them. The traps in the dungeon and world are easy enough to get through and the puzzle are simple and easy to solve.The real draw of this game feel like the exploration because there are numerous locked doors that can require up to 10~12 keys to open. And when these keys are hidden throughout the area and the map is confusing to look at you will find yourself just wondering around hoping that your stumble upon a treasure.All in all the game is fun and short. The only real way to expand your playtime is to take your time to explore for all the keys and treasure. The combat feel tight and challenging but fair. The music is comfy to listen to as you play. A worthwhile indie game to play."
,Recommended,257850,25741336,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Maverick,"Absolutely one of the best games I've ever played. If you're still unsure about buying this cheap and complete classic, let me try and convince you:1). The visuals are stunning. I went in with lowish expectations because it was a pixel game, but god damn it's amazing what this game creates out of those small colourful squares. The graphic designers manage to create beautiful and remarkable landscapes with depth and awe that make you stop and appreciate the view for a bit. The sprites are all detailed and made with care, the animations and effects all combine in the heat of combat so nothing feels out of place. It all flows fantastically in a way that lets you know it was mastercrafted.2). The sound design is just as good. The robotic sounding tunes manage to give off the feel the game is trying to convey, that of old busted technology scattered around, leaving mysteries behind for you to uncover. But those same robotic melodies are exactly that, melodic. They sound wonderful and fit beautifully, and the way they transition perfectly whenever you discover a great new sight or enemies appear and combat starts really keeps that aforementioned flow going.3). The gameplay is brilliant. It's all well and good for a game to look and sound good, but if it doesn't play well, it's a bad game. Well, luckily HLD hits the nail on the head in all departments. With a game that channels a Link To The Past inspired world with various different enviroments to explore with many unique enemies and landscapes, which change up the combat every time to keep it all fresh, you get a really good experience. The difficulty isn't low either. Many equiate it to Dark Souls, I would say I understand why but I wouldn't say so myself. The combat is a lot faster and more fluid, but in terms of how hard, I'd say its on par.4). Lastly, the story. This game is very cryptic. It doesn't flat out tell you any story. It's a game with no voice acting at all, save for grunts made by NPCs, however you do get visual stories made up of several pictures when you talk to certain NPCs, which make up small stories of their experiences. This leaves you guessing, and perhaps you'll be looking up particular parts to understand what's going on. I'd say this is its only major downfall, as a beautiful single player RPG, I wish the story was a bit more comprehensible.That's about it. I really, really love this game, and I'm so sad it's as underappreciated as it is. This is a gem, a classic which will remain in my mind as one of the best games. Period. If you're looking for a inexpensive but fulfilling experience, you'd be doing yourself a disservice by not picking this up and playing it. Played my copy with an Xbox 360 controller and it was a very comfortable experience. A lot of people complain that it's locked at 30fps, but I can assure you it doesn't matter at all. The visuals make up for the not as silky-smooth experience, and I beg, please don't disregard this game because of something as trivial as an fps lock."
,Recommended,257850,31309932,Posted: 22 April,all,Conz,"Pros+insane graphic detail+amazing soundtrack+excellent combat system+intuative controls for keyboard and mouse as well as controllers+zelda like dungeon crawler feel to it+every upgrade is fun to use, gives the game more depth+not a single word is spoken in the entire game+background storytelling, kinda like dark souls in that respect+very easy to be immersed in+ability to change difficulty (If you play on easy you're a loser tho)+nothing is explainedCons-sometimes you may get stuck and have to look up a walkthrough-nothing is explained"
,Recommended,257850,30386866,Posted: 8 March,all,o⠀n⠀e,"1) It plays just like Dark Solus.2) Before you git any gud, It is much harder and frustrating than Dark Souls.3) It is far more beautiful than Dark Souls (yes it is, even if DS1 is gorgeous and DS3 rises the bar).?) Then why Hyper Light Drifter haven't won the Love/Hate Relationship Steam Award?!) Because you will love this game too much, that's why!"
,Recommended,257850,25925919,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,"𝑀𝒴 𝐿𝒪𝑅𝒟.., !","If you don't like to read the story of any games, I  recommend you to buy this gamebecause It's not neccessary to read any thing even just one text.Only your imagination,Picture,Graphic in the game are the way to make the story of the gameNormally,I seldom comment my opnion on review public because my english is not good.but this game, I must share my thinking for otherssorry for my english"
,Recommended,257850,25039793,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Harmon,"One of the best games I have played in many years. It felt like an ARPG Fez. I loved the pixel art, sound, music, gameplay, story. Everything felt so abstract and curious. I played the game in co-op with my son. We thought that would help with the difficulty level. It did in the dungeons, however, the bosses have two bars when battling them in co-op mode. For the final boss we went with single player and found him easier to defeat. There are many examples of kickstarter failures out there. But HLD delivered on all aspects. Bravo."
,Recommended,257850,22471929,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,The Talibanned,Had more fun playing this than most of the big name AAA titles that have come out recently.
76561198058622815,Recommended,257850,26278543,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,More-Gun Freeman,"Actually one of the best games I have ever played. If you love the the 8bit and 16bit Zelda games with a challenge that could rival a souls game. A soundtrack that will make your ears orgasam. With art direction that has some of the best pixel art I have ever seen. Pick this one up for sure, Couldn't recommend it more. Why haven't you bought it already?"
,Recommended,257850,24314070,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Ivan＜コ:彡 🍌,"I saw Kanye West in the credits. 10/10 IGNHonestly, when I saw this game, I thought it looked beautiful.From the start of the game to the end, even though I did get somewhat irritated at how it was difficult at points, I loved it. There is no words, no dialogue, the whole story is told through pictures and from that, it comes down to the player's interpretation of what and why things happened. It caught me off guard but it was nice to enjoy the music and not having things ruined by subpar voice acting or paragraphs of story.The music was amazing, the graphics breathtaking, the whole game as a whole was great. I just might go and pick up the soundtrack on bandcamp because FLAC.With all the great things that I have for this game, there is only one gripe that I have with the game.1) It's short. There is no getting away from the fact that this game is broken up into 4 areas that even though there are secrets and puzzles all over the place, the casual player will just squeak by and go for the minimum. That being said, I did not get 100% on my first playthrough nor did I do any%, it was just a first playthrough without a guide.Overall, I would give the game a7.5/10. Is it a must buy? Not it isn't, but if it's on sale, then go and pick this game up. I would automatically recommend this to anyone that enjoys games that are slightly difficult, great story and a wonderful soundtrack.Even though I don't see myself playing this game all the time, I do think that trying to do NG+ and then doing 100% will give me quite a bit more time into this game."
76561197964077977,Not Recommended,257850,22295682,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Cpt. Wätscheinafeyce,"Liked it at first, Difficulty was alright, though the game didnt really get harder later on. Bossfights were quite nice.What ruined the game for me was the secrets in the game. Played through it, but now way in hell am I going to get back to every place to hug walls to death. Thats not how you make exploring fun.Going back to places to refil on healthpacks (or just die on purpose in an area because you lost too much health there) isnt fun. Just refil it when I port back to town. The map was pretty much worthless. Even though i like to not get hit over the head with story, I didnt get it and it really wasnt interesting enough for me to bother with it anyway."
,Recommended,257850,22273311,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Digital Happiness,"Super sleek visual, magical experience!"
,Recommended,257850,25340297,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Callie,"Felt like writing a review even though I don't have much playtime, I'll update this as I progress, so this is just first impressions.Overall, an incredibly vivid and pretty title with astounding pixel art and colorization that contribute to its own vibrant aesthetic, along with interesting lore and storytelling methods, accompanied by a fluid and fast-paced combat system and noteworthy game and character design. Spanning a wide variety of genres including cyberpunk, adventure, and nostalgic 8-bit/16-bit games, HLD is definitely something special. If you can look past the controversial 30 FPS lock, difficult-to-follow story, and sometimes frustrating endeavors in-game, you'll probably enjoy what this title has to offer.45 Degree Angles: The Game gets an 8.5 / 10 from me so far."
76561198139204782,Recommended,257850,30289958,Posted: 2 March,all,DalDalTheSwift,"This game is truly amazing. I don't even know what to say. Story, sound, gameplay, graphics -- all of it is just amazing."
,Recommended,257850,33185666,Posted: 3 July,all,Jarps,"Fan-bloody-tastic.Hyper Light Drifter is an action-rpg dystopian Indie game which the story is told through visual art. It has beautiful environments and a really fluid combat system.Graphics: 9/10The pixelated graphics are fantastic.Gameplay: 9/10HLD has different ways to fight enemies. Shooting them with guns, up close and personal with the sword or being tactical. There are also bosses which will kill you on your first attempt. HLD is one of those hard games that you have to die in order to beat your opponent, just like Dark Souls.Music: 9/10The music in this game can be calming but also tense when you are in the moment fighting off an ambush of enemies. Disasterpiece have made an excellent soundtrack and deserve every penny you give them.Controls: 8/10The controls on mouse and keyboard I didn't really enjoy, but the playing with a controller felt right. The only problem was aiming...Story: 9/10Like I said, the story is told through visual art and gets you hooked into it. It also leaves you wondering on what is going on.Overall: 8.8/10This game is an absolute must buy if you are a fan of the darksouls series, love pixelated art or in general just love indie games like these. The developers at Heart Machine deserve every little cent that you give them. They have poured their heart and soul into this game to give us a fantastic product. Why can't all developers be like Heart Machine?Hyper Light Drifter is an absolute must buy."
76561198014604398,Recommended,257850,30955154,Posted: 4 April,all,Bronze Ego,"Very enjoyable.  Reminded me of my childhood (grew up in the 90's).  It felt like a very polished game that would have been on the Sega Genesis or SNES.  I almost didn't buy it because people were complaining it was too difficult.  It is not.  You will likely die more than a few times in medium difficulty mode, but it is fair.  Once you figure out the boss's strategy, it gets pretty easy.The only real compaint I can think of is the soccer mini game is unnecessarily difficult, but I won on my second try and winning doesn't really give you anything too important, so it doesn't really detract from the game.Also, the storytelling is great!  There is no dialog or voice overs, but I feel like I understand the premise of this game better than that of many games with very highend story telling tools such as over-the-top cut scenes and constant dialog.  It's tough to explain, but the symbolism implies an incredible amount of detail.  As they say, ""a picture is worth a thousand words"" and the team that put this together made great use of ever pixel.All-in-all, fantastic game."
76561197966696100,Recommended,257850,22984953,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,(OBK) Hip Albatross,"Tl;Dr Buy this game, the graphics are beautiful, the gameplay is challenging, but fair, and the music is fantastic.I had a fantastic time playing Hyper Light Drifter.  I could go on and on about the bespoke sprite graphics that adorn this game, I could talk about the very responsive controls that make you feel fast, light and dangerous, and I could endlessly spout effusive praise about the music choice (I really enjoyed the West Area's boss music / fight).If you want a game that won't hold your hand as you progress through it, this game is for you.  If you want a game that can visually and mechanically explain itself to you without a tutorial, this game is for you.  If you want a game that truly speaks out to the hardcore gamers who grew up on titles like Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, or Terranigma, this game is for you.I implore you to try this game, Heart Machine did a wonderful job."
,Recommended,257850,22170922,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,John Travoltage,A E S T H E T I CESTHETIC
,Recommended,257850,22305282,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Purple Pixel Dust,"Don't be fooled by my short played time....  I bought this game on GoG as well.Yes.  Thats right.  I bought it twice.LegendOfMetroidSouls - Legend of zelda - meets metroid/vania - meets dark souls.... what else needs to be said?Oh, thats right. Its absolutely GORGEOUS.And the storytelling? No words... but its all there, beautifully rendered in imagery... artistic interpretation and a sense of imagination is needed to get the story.But the game play is so awesome and 'simple' to pick up, that if you are the type to ignore the story, you can.Don't think for one moment though that 'simple to pick up' means easy though...Yes, the game is forgiving with save points pretty often, and you just restart at that save point when you die.  Not if.  When.  You will die... often.  Get used to it.       (disclaimer - sure, someone out there somewhere will post a no-death playthrough eventually....)Its gorgeous, it scratched the zelda itch I had been nursing for some time... and a few other itches I didn't even know I had.... buy this damn game already!"
,Recommended,257850,30115501,Posted: 23 February,all,TOPMO3,"Beautiful game. Great combat mechanics. Very challenging. Tons of secrets. A game that really rewards exploration. Fun bosses, and upgrades. All of the lore is told through visuals. There is no dialogue in this game, and what beautiful visuals they are! Highly recommend for any Zelda or Metroidvania fans!"
76561198217775679,Recommended,257850,31872570,Posted: 20 May,all,lit,"We need another one. This game just plays so well, and has such great visuals. Seeing this game end is like watching the last episode of your favorite tv show."
,Recommended,257850,35133918,Posted: 22 September,all,I want to die,I look forward to the new project from Heart Machine
,Recommended,257850,30884926,Posted: 1 April,all,A² yeetyote,This is one of my favorite singleplayer games and I'd recommend this to anyone. First off the graphics are amazing. The gameplay is sort of like Dark Souls (but much easier) with an aerial view. Each of the 8 bosses are fun and unique. I'll still play the bosses for fun. The only thing I'd say I disliked is how the story is hard to grasp at first. It took me about 9 hours to beat and I'd say is worth the money. Thanks for reading.
76561198017586082,Recommended,257850,24021443,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,TheSpaniard,"An utterly fantastic experience, and I'd say I am about a 3/4 of the way through my first run. Challenging, but really fun with the slick combat. There's even a fair amount of customizability which adds to the RPG aspect, and one of the coolest parts of the game is how the story unfolds. Nothing is handed to you or explained, you are just a vouyer to an amazing story unfolding organically right before your eyes. NPCs tell you stories through beautifully handrawn pictures. Add amazing graphics, detailed sprites, with amazing animations for enemies, bosses, mini bosses, NPCs, and of course the protagonist himself to make an epic game. A nostalgic experience that also revolutionizes what you can do with a pizelated , 2D adventure action RPG. I can't recommend it enough."
76561198078784788,Recommended,257850,26132845,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,mafalda_157,"One of the most aesthetically pleasing games I've ever played.Every single aspect of it, from the beautiful pixel art to the color palettes to the ambient music, contributes to the very immersive and enthralling atmosphere of the game. There's a simple joy in exploring this mysterious world, filled with anthropomorphic creatures that speak in pictures, long dead giants whose bodies have become part of the environment, and an intiguing mixture of fantasy and sci-fi elements.The story is kept vague and relies mostly on contextual clues from the surroundings, but that doesn't stop the game from having a cohesive if slightly cryptic narrative. The game encourages exploration and discovery, with many many secret rooms and items to uncover, and there's a genuine sense of accomplishment from finding little hidden pieces of the overall puzzle.As for the actual gameplay, it's challenging but fair. The combat relies a lot on good timing and reading your enemies, and you can unlock quite a few cool guns and upgrades. The dash move is especially useful, and makes the battles feel very fast paced and nerve-racking. And even though there are still some pretty difficult parts (made worse by the fact that checkpoints don't happen as often as I'd like) it never crosses the line into frustrating.All in all, a very memorable and enjoyable game!"
76561198014405263,Recommended,257850,34849094,Posted: 9 September,all,Dave,"Excellent game.  High difficulty, but fair gameplay with tight controls.  When you get the hang of the motions you will be awed by your own reflexes and ability to manage multiple enemies at once.  A solidly built game with no glitches."
,Recommended,257850,26283840,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rail,"This is the most advanced pixelated rpg i've ever played and It's actually even more amazing than i thought it was, it even has multiplayer and coop and the in game world is beautiful as well. Definitely worth the price."
76561198128461454,Recommended,257850,24468470,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Xenopuss,"Don't play this game, it will ruin all other games for you by setting a new standard.I played this blind, didn't know anything about it other then what the trailer revealed. The gameplay is fast paced but slow at the same time. You can relax and enjoy the beautiful artwork or fight the difficult, skill-based monsters. A key feature that sets this game apart from other difficult, combat-orintated games, such as Dark Souls, is that the most challenging fights last less then a minute. The final boss shouldn't take you more then 10 minutes even if you die several times. Non-stop music, even when you die, keep you in the mode.There is no obvious story presented to you. The creator, so I've heard, takes much inspiration from the idea that you should not say any more then required for story telling. Other then a few tips in the beginning of how to play the game, the plot is up to you to decifer through vauge snapshots presented by some npcs. I've seen dozens of unique interpretations and I urge you not to look into any until you beat the game yourself. I guess you could say it shows a lot about you based on what you make the plot out to be, with your given protagonist and possible antagonists and mysterious surroundings.A major disappointment, however, was the New Game+ mode. Traditionally, a NG+ involves keeping all your gear from the previous game and restarting with more difficult enemies. The achievement you get from completeing this NG+ is correctly named, as you'd have to be a masochist to play through the entire game again with only 2 health (the standard damage of a boss's single hit) and all sword and drifting upgrades.26 hours played, only took 14 to beat the game and the other 12 searching for that last gearbit I still can't find... Frustrating for my fellow completionists, this game being one I gave up on that beautiful 100% mark, but worth every penny."
,Recommended,257850,25381980,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ramona Flowers,"- A truly hidden gem.- Great presentation, with gorgeous graphics, animations and soundtrack.- Solid gameplay, with good exploration and puzzle solving parts mixed with fast and hard combat.- The game is NOT EASY. And that's a plus for this kind of game.- The story is cryptic and hidden through images and cutscenes, but once you undestand it, you will love it even more.- The atmosphere, the world and characters are very well done.- This game is totally worth it's full price."
,Recommended,257850,33047104,Posted: 30 June,all,Chocobo,one of the most visually striking games i've ever played. incredible soundtrack and extremely fluid movement/combat system makes this an all-around must-buy.
,Recommended,257850,29146728,Posted: 9 January,all,Tomatoshadow,"Hyper Light Drifter is an excellent A-RPG that reminded me a lot of A Link to the Past and other games from the 90s.In terms or artistic direction, the game looks and sounds amazing, everything fits together really well and contributes to a very pleasant experience. One of the most unique characteristic of this game is that everything is told with sound and pictures rather than words. It's a very nice form of storytelling I am not used to see and I found fit well with the rest of the game. It does leave a few things up to interpretation and makes it a little difficult to place names on people, enemies and locations, but made everything very interesting. I do think this helped, along with the sound, music and visuals, keeping an impressive level of consistency in terms of atmosphere and how everything felt. Everything feels desolate but unlike a lot of games, it feels intended and not just because of a lack of content.Gameplay is simple but definitely engaging and challenging. One of my mistakes was to assume this was more of a ""Hack and Slash"" type deal, although you quickly realize that spamming attacks and not being careful about your surroundings will only get you killed.Encounters always feel very precise, where you'll fight a certain number of enemies at once and are almost always better off trying to strategically take them out in order. Boss battles are also quite challenging and usually require memorizing attack patterns, although it's definitely not impossible to succeed on a first attempt.I have to say I was a bit misled at first and I feel like some people who don't enjoy the combat as much are not playing ""correctly"" (more carefuly and patiently instead of expecting a fast-paced action game). I've seen it compared to Dark Souls and I would agree.As with most A-RPGs, upgrades can be bought for the most parts and provide new tools to fight with, which are all interesting additions to your arsenal. Other will be found as you progress through the game. The amount of ""backtracking"" needed due to an item requirement is minimal.The game is heavily focused on exploration. The map is very similar to the one in ALTTP and will never show youexactlywhere you are, you will have to pay attention to landmarks and go from there when looking for something specific (or simply the way to your objective).Consequently, the game is almost entirely non-linear and can be completed in any order. The world is divided in 4 zones with different themeing (which is something I appreciate a lot), similar to Termina in Majora's mask, although less ""Obvious"" and more progressive. I did notice a difference in difficulty between areas but the order in which I completed them did not make me feel like an area was either too hard or too easy.I have to say exploration is definitely this game's strong point and finding secret locations definitely feels rewarding. However I do feel like the whole aspect where everything is visual made it very difficult for me to keep track of what I had done and what I had left to do. Although I did try to go everywhere and find everything I could find, I ended up finishing the game with a lot left to do, and a lot of ""collectibles"" missing. Because I usually tend to avoid reading much about games until I'm done with them, I have no clear idea of why I should go back and look for those.Because of this, I have completed the game and am curious to collect what I'm missing but have no incentive to do so. I do enjoy roaming around but while finding secrets along the way feels rewarding, deliberately looking for them for extensive periods of time feel rather tedious. I'm left with a game I feel I have not completed, but lack motivation to go back and complete everything. I do want to and will go back at some point. Right now however, I feel like it's too big of a commitment for a reward that might be non-existant. I have played games that got even better when I decided to put the extra time in, however (such as Anodyne) and will most likely update this review once I get around to it.If you love exploring and want to dedicate a lot of time to a single game, you probably won't feel this way. Other than this, it's an excellent game and definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,257850,24304977,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Josy,"Truly amazing in every aspect!The game has everything i like -~ Obscurely told lore~ Awesome pixel art graphics~ Challanging gameplay~ Really cool musicThe game can be frustrating, you can die alot in a single place or be stuck on a boss, BUT i think the game is fair, you know why you die and you learn your enemies and enviroment and by that you get better, you don't die ""for no reason"".The game might not be for everyone but i think its nearly perferct."
,Recommended,257850,24048630,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,「RORIK SAVANT」,"10/10: BUY THIS GAMEGorgeous, original and captivating!I've just finished my first hour and I'm blown away. I must say I've never been so eager to write a review of a game! After finishing all the Dark Souls games I heard this was similar in gameplay, but Hyper Light Drifter is so much more.Upon starting, the amazing pixel art is immediatley shown off with a mysterious cutscene, with haunting music.When I started playing, I messed around with the controls before the tutorial (which was brief and effective) and found myself quickly getting used to the simple and satisfying controls. There is near to no text in-game, storytelling is told through pictures and enviorments, inspiring the imagination and showing off more pixel art. The combat is intense, with many ways to overcome foes, and is sleek enough to effortlessly combine melee and ranged attacks.  And best of all,  there are secrets around every corner.If you liked Dark Souls, Hyper Light Drifter is a breath of fresh air with some familiar concepts,For anyone else, it's an essential game for anyone who enjoys pixel art, adventure, mystery, sci-fi or a damn good game."
,Recommended,257850,24962224,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,fresh,"I'm only half way through the game, and it's already encapsulated me,  the art style is unique, the sound track is mystical, the story keeps you wondering, and the game play mechanics are great.  If you're looking for an adventure game this is the one for you.  I haven't found anything like it"
,Recommended,257850,33421731,Posted: 9 July,all,dad,"Cant think of the last time i played a game that was as satisfying as this one. Every bit of it is rewarding and it goes without saying that the amount of effort put into the game really shows. It is able to be a genuine challenge without being obnoxiously difficult, which I have a big problem with in games, and failure in combat actually makes you want to try again. Truly beautiful game with incredibly entertaining combat, I recommend it to anyone."
76561198048555568,Recommended,257850,25891978,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Magz,"After completing this game tonight I highly recommend it. The art style is gorgeous, the combat is tough, unforgiving but so rewarding. The story isn't blatantly obvious but I liked that you had to think and figure it out.One of my favorite things compared to a lot of other games is how it never held your hand too much and this added to my sense of accomplishment.I couldn't imagine playing this at 30fps so full credit to the devs for spending the time to get it up to 60. Truly shows how much they care about this game."
76561197995019106,Recommended,257850,23932574,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Victory Rush,"Everything from the art style, to the music, to the raw gameplay is fantastic. There are no spoken or typed word in this game, and the story is told through pictures and events. I loved it and I wasn't really sure if I would.If you like old school games with fine tuned, modern mechanics; this game is really something special."
,Recommended,257850,25761147,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Somewhere only we know,really good 8 bits game with fastastic gameplay. if u dont own it yet buy it right now
,Recommended,257850,22180261,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Ozun,Buy this game it is perfect.
,Recommended,257850,32721862,Posted: 24 June,all,kaitr0n!,whats cookin good lookin cute boys game-eo
,Recommended,257850,22205147,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Dunkerzor,I'm actually not sure if I'm awake when I play this game.
76561197983786651,Recommended,257850,28983044,Posted: 3 January,all,Starbug,"Let's get one thing out the way first : This game is bloody hard. Now I've mentioned that, I won't bring up how tough this game is again.Achingly beautiful art design and music. You play the part of the guy out of Ico - or someone to that effect - who traverses a giant puzzle which masquerades as a game map. Might not have mentioned before, but the game is pretty tough. Button mashers need not apply. The game is built around uncovering paths, locked doors and finding segments of pink triangles that further open up the map.Combat is at the core of the experience. It's timing based - learning enemy patterns and when to strike. Pretty hard, but extremely rewarding.There's ZERO information on what the story is about, nor is there any tutorials. No background narrative either, outwith some beautiful pixel art postcards which lay out the story. Several hours in and I've no idea what's going on. That's the beauty of it though; your interpretation of the storyboard art is yours alone. I fancy it as some sort of post-apocalyptic alien world in which there's been a massive war to end all wars.Will not know what the story is really about until I finish it. Which wont be soon given how hard the game is.Art design, music and tough but rewarding fighting make this a real class act. Buy it and love it!"
,Recommended,257850,22166876,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,God Snek,"I HAVE NOT BEATEN THIS YET, THIS IS JUST IMPRESSIONS.HLD, Hyper Light Drifter is really damn good. It's got fluid combat that's pretty damn tough, though fair. A wide varitey of enemies (some shoot bullets, some charge, some shoot arcs of bullets, some explode, etc), lots and i mean LOTS of secret and hidden areas, that are not easy but also not ""♥♥♥♥ i need a walkthrough to find this"" kinds of areas. The game is gorgeous with fairly large areas and everything is just bursting with color. The soundtrack is extremely good and if you've played Fez, it's by the same guy and has a similar aesthetic (though i will say the town hub's song is a bit too fez like, to the point of copying IMO). Also, besides a few ""press button to do this"" tutorial messages in the begining (theres like 5 like how to shoot your gun or dash) that's been it for words. Just pictures which, also, look gorgeous. So there's a lot of enviornmental and ""figure it out for yourself"" story telling. All in all, as of now, exploring one of the main areas where i havent even gotten to a dungeon yet, 9/10 and would highly recommend."
,Recommended,257850,24081047,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Assman,"One of the best games I have ever played.However it is not for everyone, here's why.So Hyper Light Drifter follows a charecter called ""The Drifter"" or ""The Magician"", a blue skinned guy who has a kickass sword and can dash and kills stuff! The story for the most part is hard to follow if you dont pay attention and because there is no dialogue it isn't dropped in sort of easy to pick up hints. Instead when you talk to people you are shown still images that tell a short tale. From what I can tell the story is ""You're part of a race called Blue-Skins, who did some bad♥♥♥♥♥♥and are hated. You are approached by Anubis/The Jackal who is supposed to be god, he asks your help to fight an evil called Judgement, the Jackal makes sure you do this by giving you a disease that will kill you unless you help him seek out and destroy Judgement!""Tl:dr You're a smurf who needs to help a dog god kill a big black thing, also you've got cancer.The game itself has a lot of big pro's and con's that will likely affect your decision on buying itPro-Amazing art style-Amazing music-Difficult gameplay-NG+-No dialogue-Pretty cheap price when on sale-A few difficult achievments to work towards-Makes you want more high quality gamesCon-No Dialogue-Sometimes unfair and a bit frustrating-Only one story or way to play the story-Pretty short game-Makes you want more high quality games-Capped at 30 fpsSo I put some stuff in both Pro and Con, I doubt I have to explain why but I will just in case.Stuff like no dialogue are both good and bad, depends on the point of view.Anyway my final review of this is8/10 Gameplay6/10 story3/10 replayability7/10 OverallLike Dark souls and Zelda violently ♥♥♥♥ing behind a barSo they updated the game and changed some stuff, made it 60 fps, did some other cool♥♥♥♥♥♥I love the creators of this game with a passion"
76561198052387991,Recommended,257850,22485439,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Esidisi,"Only a few hours in,  so I haven't had the time to go in depth with the gameplay and the story.I have always been a fan of this type of art style and Hyperlight does it amazingly. The opening to the game is one of the most visually and musically stunning things I've ever seen from a game.The gameplay is extemely fun and challenging. The game recommends using a controller, and it definately helps with the fast passed gameplay. The enemies are numerous and varied, and most of them require different strategies to defeat.  The combat is very challenging, but it is tight and fluid, so once you learn it, it is very enjoyable.Because there isn't any dialogue, it took me a little while to figure out what I had to do, but after some snooping around, it is pretty straightforward."
76561198027913639,Recommended,257850,33152824,Posted: 2 July,all,Talifey,"Really great game. Solid combat, challenging but fun fights, nice progression in abilities, fantastic art style and theme.My favorite part was how I just kept finding more and more secrets and hidden areas. Whoever spent all of the time to add those small touches like standing on the edge of something gives you just enough vision to find a secret, it was totally worth it. Definitely felt the love from the devs for the game.Well done!"
,Recommended,257850,22358007,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Baasvik,"Hyper Light Drifter is a brilliant action rpg. As well as one of the most difficult games to come out this year. If you're a Zelda fan, souls fan, or retro game fan. I highly recommend this. You can see my video review belowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhtO_8Nudvs"
,Recommended,257850,28548554,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TooCoolForThePublicPool,"This is my favourite game.I've played better, I've played worse, both in story as well as game mechanics.I love this game for the music and the visuals, as well as the entertaining and punishing gameplay.I tried to write a long review, but as I did, I found that I didn't really know why this game is my favourite.How I would describe this game :Beautifully mysterious and melancholy."
,Recommended,257850,30843767,Posted: 30 March,all,Meep☆,"Only played through the first chapter and im already amazed at the colorful graphics, the action and the difficulty that i've bounced upon. The game is one of my first games and i chose well! This game has brought more influence for me to go and find other specialized indie pixel games with such astounding atmospheric revelations."
,Recommended,257850,30881612,Posted: 1 April,all,ソルテイ,It's like an 8-bit Dark Souls.
,Recommended,257850,22530727,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,The Peacock Knight,"Highly recommend this game.First thing you notice: It's Beautiful!The areas design are really good as the gameplay is. The game is hard, and asks focus and persistence from you. However, you will learn from mistakes, and the game doesn't penalize you much from failing.Also, the game doesn't tell you much about your objectives. The own design leads you to the objectives.Furthermore, the game rewards exploration. There are plenty os secrets and some nice collectibles.An honest thank you for the developers."
,Recommended,257850,28823055,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BioKnight101,"Okay, here's my short review of this game:Gameplay - 9/10. *Played with a controler.Visuals - 9/10. *I really like pixel graphics.Replayability - 5/10.Length - 3/10. *This game is very short.Fun - 10/10.Difficulty - 6/10.Summary: I won't recommend buying this game at full price. It's really good and alot of fun, excellent boss fights and challenges. The only disappointment I had with this game is it's length. It ended too fast for me (few hours). This game is a really nice way of spending a weekend or a few days off (considering you don't play it all day long).Highly recommended, not at full price though."
,Recommended,257850,24402179,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Ztorm12,"I bought this game on a whim, and I don't regret it at all.Pros-Beautiful, melodramatic soundtrack. Background music fits the area it's assigned to and gives you the feeling of where you are. Boss music is epic, and perfectly crafted to make you feel as though you are fighting something truly powerful.-The detailed pixel art is stunning. Sprites for the creatures are easy to identify, and very creatively designed, especially bosses. Environments are breathtaking, and worthy of filling up your screenshots section.-Combat is fluid and fun to play with. As the Drifter, you are extremely agile, armed with your sword, your gun, and bombs(if you've unlocked them). You feel this way, as you can easily chain dahes and slashes together to swiftly cut down enemies. At times, it can feel like Dark Souls, with an emphasis on careful timing, preparation and dodging, along with saving your limited-use medkits. EDIT: Thinking it over, Hyper Light Drifter works much more like Bloodborne than Dark Souls. Medkits work like Blood Vials, you use both sword and gun, and there is no blocking.-Plenty of secrets and unlockables. Though there were gripes before that secrets were too hard to find, devs have updated the game with small symbols on the floor which tell you that a secret is nearby. Looking for these secrets becomes a sixth sense, and finding each one is valuable for your character. Sometimes it's a new outfit, sometimes it's a coin, sometimes it's a key, etc.-The story is told in a vague, and creative way. The game uses no words at all, other than tooltips. Instead, conversations with NPCs are told with storyboards, showing a sequence of events how they happened. The player makes up names to associate with things in the game, and much is left up to your creativity. However, story is there and it is definitely worth paying attention to.Cons-Difficulty. Remember the comparison to Dark Souls earlier in this review? Well, Hyper Light Drifter is, at times, as unforgiving as Dark Souls is. Many times I didn't have enough time or space to dodge attacks, and there are certain situations where I felt the devs had thrown too much at me. But, in the same vein as Dark Souls, it tries to be fair.-The story, mentioned before, is vague and confusing, which can be an issue for some people. Simply read that section in the pros and decide whether or not it's something for you.-Secrets, also mentioned before, can be extremely hard to find and can feel very grindy to try to look for them all.-You better own a controller if you want to play this game.TL;DR/ConclusionHyper Light Drifter is a beautiful game, in both soundtrack, visuals, and underlying story. Combat is swift, fluid and fun(if you have a controller), though at times unforgiving. The dungeons, enemies, environments, and bosses are colorful and creative. The story is emotional, however you have to look for it. A game that takes aspects from the Legend of Zelda and Dark Souls, perfectly mixing them together. The best indie game that I've ever played, and truly a masterpiece.9/10, will definitely go through New Game+."
,Recommended,257850,28763732,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,RedMser,"Hyper Light Drifter combines Hack and Slash gameplay with a unique dashing ability and additional skills to create pretty fun fights - any boss fights are no exception to this.The visuals and soundtrack fit incredibly well, and further set the tone of the game, to a point where you don't even need dialogue or the like to follow through. You'll understand the gameplay basically by yourself (and have to, since there is only a very basic tutorial), and the story unfolds itself over time.Even if you may not be a fan of the core gameplay, another important part of the whole thing is exploration, since you have to do a lot of it to find everything there is in the game. It does get pretty tedious later on, but certainly isn't anything unfair. Most completely-out-of-sight secrets are just additional content, and not required to progress.This does require you to also be fine with backtracking, since it would be basically impossible to beat the game without returning to where you came from.Definitely recommended, alone for the atmosphere from the first few minutes of the game."
,Recommended,257850,31181940,Posted: 16 April,all,ZSVADASZ73,"Beautiful looking indie game, made by GameMaker. The game has a very good combat system, alot of colours, and a perfect storyline. This game is hard like Dark Souls. It's openworld, it has a lots of content."
,Recommended,257850,28581145,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Lucky Coin,"Quite possibly one of the most beautiful 16-bit games I've ever played. Visuals are extraordinary, and the soundtrack is fantastic. Very much a Metroidvania-like game. Secrets lurk everywhere, little minigames tucked away here and there. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,257850,24268972,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Blattdorf,"Cool game. Fun mechanics. Lots of secrets. Insanely good spritework.I'll address some criticism that pop up on the forums:- 30fps. I enjoy 60fps as much as any other PC player, but it is seriously not a problem here. I never had problems with controlling the Drifter or getting anything done, aside from just playing poorly at a given moment.- Length. The game is of the perfect length. You'd think it should be like 40 hours long, but it'd just be padding. It doesn't overstay its welcome, instead focusing on quality over quantity. There's always NG+ if you really want to test your chops.- Story. The story is there, though it's not spelled out directly. There's a nice story analysis floating on the Internet, so once you finish, give it a read. It really blew my mind how crazy the story is.Overall, I really enjoyed it and may come back to it from time to time."
,Recommended,257850,22174431,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Slippin Jimmy,"I beat it in one sitting. Not because i wanted to, but because i needed to."
76561198021845454,Recommended,257850,24440820,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,UnevenSquirrel,A great game with a fantastic soundtrack.  I am not far in o  my account but have played a lot on a friends.  The game is very challenging and makes you think.  I am basicly garbage at playing and am always stuck not knowing where to go or what to do but the story and the way it is delivered is fantastic.
76561197983324630,Recommended,257850,23848635,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,owen445x,"Loved it,Doesn't hold your hand at all which is a + in my book. The story is all interpitation from some short cinimatics and I love that also.The combat is rewarding when you're slashing and dodging, while becoming even stronger from upgrades.Boss fights can be very punishing, but when you beat them your like wow! F**k yea!Kinda short, but I thought it was worth the $20.00"
,Recommended,257850,22246061,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Demicol,"A very good action adventure game with lots and lots of exploration and secrets that stays difficult the entire way trough.The art style is actually very pretty instead of being pixel art as an excuse not to have better graphics because its ""retro""At least with a ps4 controller the game handles very well and the combat is very fluid and rewards skill. Your guns charge their ammo as you hit things with your sword so the gameplay stays a good balance between shooting things and hitting things. You're never given more (maximum) HP or ways to take or deal more damage, with very few expections everything deals 1 or 2 damage, including your weapons.The game rewards keen eye and exploration with things hidden in places you need some creative use of the dashing ability to reach or behind walls with some minor hints near them.The story is told without any dialoque and doesn't get in your face constantly to distract you from the gameplay.In the end this is probably one of the best games in this style I've played, highly recommend."
,Recommended,257850,33085757,Posted: 1 July,all,HyperTumor,"Oh god.. why I didn't find this game long ago..It feels like playing those old NES The Legend of Zelda. Its all about exploring and finding secrets.Visual looks great and the soundtrack is atmospheric.Mouse and keyboard controls might take a while to get used to but playing on a controller feels great.Oh, and the bosses is HARD, so.. prepare to git gud."
76561198006569746,Recommended,257850,22190564,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,!|  Xen,Been waiting 3 years just to say this.Yes.
,Recommended,257850,27690067,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NBlast,"This game is pretty solid, if you catch my drift.Hyper Light Drifter may have some flaws but in return it gives a pretty unique experience... especially after the GLORIOUS 60 FPS PATCH that convinced me to buy the game. I really cannot stress out enough how much I was impressed by the developers' efforts. Instead of running away with money, they listened to the feedback and criticism regarding the framerate and worked hard on fixing it. Hyper Light Drifter after updates is now a completely different beast. Not only looks amazing on still images as previosly, but now also in motion too. This highly competents game's satisfying combat with snappy controls and responsive movement. Everything is now smooth as the butter. You gained my respect, Heart Machine.Game is not only a joy to play thanks to good combat and rewarding exploration. The look of the game's world is award-winning and adds very much to the experience. People may became reserved regarding pixel art in games, but it's unfair to label all games with such style. While other devs slack off and take pixel art as ""an easy mode"", others put their heart and skill into the work they create. Every location in the game is really remarkable with tightly crafted decorations and details. With complement of the great Disasterpiece's soundtrack and stellar sound design, atmosphere is definitely here and it's worth experiencing. You definately WILL get goose bumps on the stellar first act of the game.I mentioned some flaws and there are some to point out for future reference. First off, the map in the game is absolutely, near objectively THE worst in the whole action-adventure genre. It's unintuitive and incomprehensible at times, making first few hours in the game painful as you try to get your character where you want. Dungeons are really open-ended, twisted and with tons of optional chambers to visit, which makes navigation even more crucial factor of the game. Players should have tools to counter those twisted mazes and all they get is a vague strap of beautifully pixelarted, but unusable map.After you get your bearings straight, game is a smooth sail until the end of the game. Last level is short, sudden and doesn't really fit as a proper climax with anything interesting at all. All you get for the whole game of build-up is a small corridor and the easy final boss. I was really expecting a full-fledged final level which didn't really happen. It's such a missed opportunity and game really suffers from it. Story content also ends abruptly, with many questions and only tiny bit of answers. It's not bad in it's open for interpretation nature, but I expected a little more story bits throughout the game. HLD's world is intriguing, inviting and full of surprises. There is some visual storytelling here and there, but I'm glutton for more. Or, alternatively, make main character's struggles as he succumbs to terminal disease more varied (we get many repetive hallucinations that alternatively could be expanded as the game progresses).I could nitpick even more things: like a tiny central area that could be greatly expanded (it is only as a tiny buffer between dungeons) or some difficulty issues here and there... But all in all, I cannot rate Hyper Light Drifter negatively. It's an one of the kind adventure which is a feast for exploration oriented gamers like me. I really enjoyed my time in this world and I leave it with a honest smile in the direction of the beautiful, deep-blue sky."
,Recommended,257850,23932786,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,RoboReaper,"Like Journey and Dark Souls merged into a full new game. One of my favorites, hands down."
76561198138906033,Recommended,257850,33484019,Posted: 12 July,all,Lord Poro,Hard to understand at the begining but it gets easier as you play. Combat is satisfying and fun. Interesting secret locations. Bosses are challenging. Definitely worth my money. 10/10
,Not Recommended,257850,22572189,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,dkire13,"This game is clearly one of the most visually stunning indie games on the market. However, it is very, VERY flawed. The game is riddled with glitches, most of which you'll find without even trying. Once, an enemy jumped off a cliff, and spawned an item in the ground that was innaccessible. The AI is hilariously stupid, and will often walk into a wall repeatedly or kill itself by jumping off cliffs. The collision is enough to make a grown man cry. Sometimes I'll jump to a ledge only to land on the very edge of it and fall off. What's even worse is that falling puts you back on the ledge and you're stuck in a loop until you die. Passing a checkpoint with one health and no health restores is a nightmare, as you have to pass the next few rooms without getting hit at all since dying doesn't restore your health.Overall, unless you can get this game for 10$ or less, don't buy it. A 20$ price tag isn't worth the struggle of playing it."
,Recommended,257850,22160776,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,lemur,"This game is very refreshing. It doesn't hold your hand. It's a puzzle. The game doesn't tell you exactly what to do and I think that's an aspect of video games that has been lost over the years. You have to use common sense and think about what's going on. The mob fights can be challenging, but so satisfying when you win one. I was skeptical about this game at first, however I'm glad I bought it. 9/10"
,Recommended,257850,22167869,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Sword,"Amazing Artstyle. Fast, fun, and challenging combat."
,Recommended,257850,22168910,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,quote,"This review was published as of my first hour of gameplay.This game is legendary. I have never in my life, AAA games included ever been so absolutley stunned by the graphics of a game. This is one of if not the most atmospheric game I have ever played, the soundtrack, SFX and visuals come together to make one of the most perfectly beautiful things i have ever seen. Even if the gameplay was terrible i'd recommend this game just for the experience. However, i don't have to recommend it on the presentation alone because the gameplay is FANTASTIC. The three combat mechanics I've seen so far are all wonderful, and blend together perfectly. As of right now i have a gun, a sword, and a dash. The gun is filled via successful hits on enemies/breaking random containers in the world, which makes it fit well in combat as it gives you a powerful and satisfying ranged option whilst never invalidating the sword. The dash flows well in both explorative gameplay and combat, and is exactly the kind of ability that fits the weapons you're given in this game. This game is also difficult, with healing items seeming uncommon and enemies dealing large portions of your health in a single hit. This being said, the game never feels impossible or unfair. This will be, no doubt, my Indie GOTY 2016. I only have two issues with it so far, and both are very minor. The first issue is that you can easily click outside the fullscreen window, and because i have a second monitor i end up going too far right with my mouse sometimes, causing the game to tab out. However, after an hour of gameplay i've taught myself to just not do that and it's almost a nonissue at this point. [[THIS WAS PATCHED DAY 1]The second issue i have with this game is that the death/respawing animation seems to drag on, and (possibly because i'm trash) i die a lot in this game, and sitting there waiting really breaks this game's wonderful combat flow.] However, these two small issues overall don't detract from the gaming magnum opus that is: Hyper Light Drifter.TL;DR versionGame is really pretty, the combat flows like a river, and issues are minimal.9/10"
,Recommended,257850,24030585,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Jordyloks,"Beautiful, atmospheric, and challenging. Best game I've played in a long while."
76561198182568597,Recommended,257850,23680491,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,jgar70,wow what an increable indie game. I was looking for games like Dark souls and it has some elements but done in its own ways. This is the first review ive ever put on steam but i felt the need to let anyone know if they are unsure and think it might be for them give it a try. Im so happy I did and will be a supporter for any sequels to come!
,Recommended,257850,26879606,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HardeRR*ダンテ,"This game is great, it has great music nice artstyle and the gameplay mechanics is something I´ve never seen before.It is really addicting and forces you to play more and find every little secret there is.After you finished the game you can choose to play again in the NewGame+ mode or just do a timed bossrush.TL;DR Great game, worth every penny!"
76561198031391998,Not Recommended,257850,22401107,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,zeralesaar,"Hyper Light Drifter has a magnificent aesthetic, beautiful soundtrack, and intriguing world. Unfortunately, this is where the appeal ends. Between cut content, horrific PC controls, 30fps locking, and gameplay that feels as though it punishes the player simply for existing rather than challenging them to play well, the game veers far off-course from ""challenging"" into simply ""hard to play."" Combine that with storytelling that errs too minimalist to be satisfying and you have a game that will kill perhaps five or six hours of casual play, but leave you feeling very empty."
76561198015246142,Recommended,257850,22162028,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Wasmo,"The trailers, kickstarter, and the other reviews promise so much, so so much. One might think to themselves ""this is too good to be true.""Today I regain my faith in the words of people.control stuff- it just feels good, just all over my body...probly want a controller thoughartsy stuff- trailer says more than i can with my mere wordssound stuff- sounds good"
,Recommended,257850,22172418,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Backterria,Glad I had a bug cause I'll finish it and I don't want to..
76561198077733133,Recommended,257850,24984128,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Sigma,"For good amount of time I had considered buying this game. Im glad I finally bought it.Pros:Breathtaking pixel art, a large variety of color are used, and the sheer amount of detail put into the world is amazingGreat combat. at fisrt it can be a bit difficult to grasp -even intimidating, but with time youll be zipping across the battleground hacking and slashing enemiies to pieces like a true drifter.Guns provide another intricate part of fighting, allowing you to attack from afar when things get too ugly to get close. As you prgress you get a variety of weapons to choose from and upgrade as well.collectables. When youre not zooming around fighting enemies, there are numerous items hidden aroud the world giving you acces to new outfits, each providing you with a different perk. Gear bits which are dotted accross the world allow you to upgrade not only your characyer butyour arsenal as well.Difficult but forgivnig. While this gamme is very difficult (trust me you will die playing this game) it is still forgiving providing little to no set backs upon death.ConsChain dashing. chain dashing is one of the key essential upgrades youll want for your character, allowing them to zip around without break. While this can be very helpful in both fights and travel, I always had trouble chain dashing when I really needed to. While I did enjoy using it (boy did it come in handy for several parts) I found myself frustrated with it.This is definitley one of the best games ive played in a while, and would hiughly recomend it if you like both darksouls or the legend of zelda."
,Recommended,257850,27022426,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ultimate Black Boy,Such a good game. I love the colours and the music. It can be fustrating at times but it's good most of the time.
76561198075369066,Recommended,257850,24242040,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jonny Joumba,"First and foremost, Hyper Light Drifter is a game of interpretation and ambiance. While it is a sort of bet to achieve succes and popularity while your game is blurred by mysteries and allusion, Hld is absolutly fatastic in that endeavor. Reminescent of both snes zelda for its progression and feeling and Naussica of the valley of the wind (by Miyazaki) for its abiance, color pallet and giants of destruction, the game brings us into a magnificent world that grips us with precise control and tigh gameplay.The dashing mechanics requires both skill and concentration while being impressivly natural in its feeling. While your sword ( your signature weapon) is highly powerful, guns are nevertheless always useful. You can't really  rely on one or the other only, since a lot of enemies can be bothersome from afar and that bullets are aquired via damage done with your sword to both enemies and world objects. However, world objets give you substantially less amunition then a good badies slashing.You can play the game rather fast if you cruise through the main story, which is open to choice but still directed but by doing so you skip about 2/3 of the content and fun. Indeed, secrets are scattered all over the place and bring a sense of accomplishment when you achieve to gather enough to unlock some nice goodies or more secret areas.If you are curious about the co-op option, it is kind of nice, but the second players does feel like a secondary sidekick, for he cannot interact with world object such as doors and switches. Your partner is more of a demonic shadow summoned from your blood and meant to kill then a real companion.Well, I gotta say that I tremendously appreciated this title and hotly reccomend it to other post-apocalyptic, fantasy and mystery lovers out there."
,Recommended,257850,31386458,Posted: 26 April,all,Lowly,"I really do love this game, I do a bit of pixel art now and then and this game sparks me to learn more everytime I play it. The only thing I can fault is the fact you can be kicked while you're down but that just goes to show how careful you have to be.The sound track complements the surrounding aesthetics so well, whether it was in the beautiful area of the mountains or in the heat of battle. I love the contrast you recieve when the music gets louder or changes tune, to give emphasis on what is around, usually the fallen titans or the city in the distance, overall a brilliant job.The art is impeccable. When it's telling the story, its done in a fashion which allows you to create your own version of what has happened/happening. And as just art, it's incredible how detailed it is, it's truly inspiring to see such amazing scenery all the way down to something so small such as a small animal. I can only dream of being able to get to such a high level of quality and it should be aplauded, I could go on for ages about the art, but I won't.The gameplay is insanely fast, but the best thing about it is, you can't just button mash. You have to think about every move before you make it, when there are hordes of NPC's around you, melee and ranged, you need to evade the projectiles while dealing damage, you can't be greedy is what I've found, you need to find that in-between of attack and defense. I love how they've made combos that don't feel like they've been put in there for a bit more content. It flows very well with the ""Drift"" ability, obviously being the main feature of this game, it's definitely a great tool to have. Whether you are using it to get around the map quicker or evading enemies, overall the gameplay is unique, fast paced and incredibly satisfing.10/10 for sure, the fact I've managed to talk this much about it should show it, I don't put this much effort into school so good on Heart Machine for this amazing game. I can't wait for future content."
76561198046973166,Recommended,257850,22213144,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dillinger Radio,"I wrote a more lengthy review/overview here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/257850/discussions/0/365163686046444209/But I'll just give the TL;DR for the review:This game is gorgeous, it's extremely difficult in the best way, and it's a startlingly refreshing take on a Zelda-esque top down adventure game. That said, while the storyfeelslike it's something epic, it's hindered by some poor gameplay decisions (namely, the map) and extremely ambiguous story-telling that left me wondering, when I finished it, ""What the hell just happened?""Still, it's worth every penny and is an exceptional game in its own right. Anyone interested in a Zelda-esque (though I hate to use that term, because while there are some similarities between the two it also differs quite a bit) should buy this game immediately, and learn to hate themselves all over again."
,Recommended,257850,32956215,Posted: 28 June,all,Monchberter,HLD is everything I want in a game.HLD doesn't hand hold; it nurtures your own discoveriesHLD is made with obvious care. It is not cheap nor bandwagon jumpingHLD's gameplay is rewarding and finely balanced.HLD isn't full of incessant talk or exposition. You decide how much you want from its loreHLD is straight up beautiful in every aspect of its designHLD has a soundtrack you will inevitably end up purchasingHLD is deserving of the praise its had.- 30 something gamer with not much time on my hands
76561198106604565,Recommended,257850,33250765,Posted: 4 July,all,DaveyWaveyBoo,"By far one of the best game I've ever played. Unbelievably creative in an oversaturated market of a lack of creativity. The art is gorgeous, the controls are fluid, sound perfect, mechanics even better. If you are considering getting this game, do it. It will challenge you!"
,Recommended,257850,33295235,Posted: 5 July,all,Space Ghost,Get it on sale. Some people might not like its short length but its a nearly perfect 6 hours.
,Recommended,257850,32840455,Posted: 26 June,all,wew,It's a work of art.
,Recommended,257850,33020112,Posted: 29 June,all,indiferenc,"7\5honestly one of my top tenseriously...but i'll be quick[whats good]- the combat is fluid and challenging. the difficulty scales properly as you gain skills, both in game and in yourself. as you progress, battles become dances of blade and bullets as you dash around the field.- the level design hearkens back to the classics with beautiful pixel art and hidden treasure to find. each of the four areas has a unique theme, which has you adapting to different enemy types and platforming challenges. but the game has a subtlety about how it delivers its different quirks in each area.- the progression system is simple, but can be more or less challenging depending on how much you explore. but as i said before, the real skill lies within yourself. the upgrades are helpful and powerful, but they only compliment your own abilities. the combat does not get significantly easier after obtaining all the upgrades, and i love it.- the story. what story? just the basics, and it trades depth for style. but i think it fits well within the context of the game. with the lack of text throughout the game, it adds to the mystery and clandestine nature of the game. i can see how some could be put off by this, but it definitely adds to the style of the game- the music is absolutely brilliant and worth buying the OST. the ambient droning and bit-crush style tones are both haunting and nostalgic. i can see how its not for everyone, but you have to appreciate its brilliance, especially on the beautiful backdrop of pixel art in HLD.- and that brings me to the artwork. which is both original and stunning. from the color scheme to the unique levels to the fluidity of the animations. everything just seems to click. ive got an especially large hard on for the color scheme, and my next build will definitely be HLD themed.[criticisms-sort of]- the idea to make the dashing a bit lopsided in the timing was an interesting choice. while i understand the added challenge, it was very frustrating to learn. its still hard for me to do it for extended periods of time in hectic battles.- the hidden areas are appreciated, but i end up being frustrated by how much time i spend wall-hugging and ramming into walls. but it does feel more 'old school' in its implementation, so i can understand the decision.- people talk about hit box issues, but i only see it in one situation: deflecting enemy projectiles. but its really not that big of an issue[rant]anyone saying the combat is repetitive or hard just needs to GIT GUD. jk, but there is a fluidity to the combat that begins to feel extremely satisfying once you get a hold on it. the dash mechanic can be super frustrating at first, i get it. but if you master it (mostly) you begin to glide around the battle field gracefully. it did take quite a while to get there though.the wall hugging can be annoyingother than that its almost perfect. worth every penny"
,Recommended,257850,23927605,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ForgeMaster,Make a sequel please.
,Recommended,257850,24880854,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Shaman,It's the kind of game you want to stop playing because it will end.10/10
,Recommended,257850,29105958,Posted: 7 January,all,the ultimate mineman,have fun getting lost after the north zone.
76561198086744770,Recommended,257850,22221800,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Rin,"This is a damn good game. While you can sometimes be confused as to where to go, it is thrilling to explore around. Fights are tough, and boss fights will definitely frustrate you, but it the feeling of reaward when you finally get that last hit in on a boss that has killed you time and time again is worth it.The game recommends you play with a controller, however I have gotten through two areas so far and been just fine with a keyboard and mouse. It takes a lil getting used to the controls, yeah, but once you got it down you shouldn't have too much of a problem.Disasterpeace has done absolutely amazing work on the soundtrack, and I really love how different parts of the songs come in when you discover new stuff.Even if you dislike pixel games, I definitely recommend playing this one. It is an experience and well worth your time ;)"
,Recommended,257850,22531630,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,02,"very much beautiful, wub pixels <3"
76561198148855849,Recommended,257850,22771823,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,auracreed,"Hyper Light Drifter is a breath taking game with strategic hack and slash and a progression style similar to older Legend of Zelda games. I've glanced at other peoples reviews, and in general what they say still holds up:-The gameplay itself is challenging, and if you learn to efficiently dispatch your foes you'll fine there'll be an abundance of health packs.-Secrets, secrets everywhere. Sniff the walls all day long but honestly I found that to be enjoyable - finding new areas, extra items and tid bits was something I've always liked to do in games anyway (although this game has certainly outdone itself in number of hidden stuff behind seemingly impassible walls - even the secrets have secrets. No, really-).-Aside from the Monument text that you have to decode (Purely extra stuff - just reveals more about the story, even if the translations themselves are vague) and the text in the game telling you what button does what everything is told to you via pictures and images. Even important story details and objectives. No seriously - I didn't fully realize what that map was in the Guardian Drifters house until I started pulling up the things in the East area, and by then I'd missed two of the gem things needed to open the Boss door. I got frustrated, wasn't sure how to read the map and didn't want to back track (the thing I loathe the most in games) so I looked up someone doing a run through of the East area to see what I missed. It was only then and after I connected the symbols the Guardian had showed me on the map did I realize what I needed to find and why. After that I was fine but it was still very unclear to me at first and disconnected me a bit from the game world itself.I guess it was also a little disapointing to find out that getting four of those gem triangle things instead of three (the min you need for the Boss of each region) didn't really give you anything new except for a quick rehash of the opening and illness induced nightmares. I don't BELIEVE getting four in each region did anything to affect my end of the game stuff (it certainly didn't seem like it) but there's no real benefit from getting four of them, so any hopes of extra cutscenes, pictures, or interactions that told you something more (or at least something more obvious) were trashed. Bummer.-Despite that previous combo paragraph, the scenary always drew you back into the mysticality of the enviornment, as long as you were focused on the game and not preoccupied with anything else (stressed? not invested? Hard to take in the story).And to continue off of that note despite me, personally, still liking the game comes one thing that disapointed me more then anything else - lack of concrete... I don't know the word for it but it needs more key points story wise. Letting you know right now if you don't like/care about stories in games this one is still great - gameplays fantastic bosses are fun to fight. Story is still great regardless.. but..It's super vague. I mean, so vague to the point where you gotta start making stuff up for even important plot points like the titans in the opening cutscene and the Drifter themselves. Other then what you see blatantly on the screen (and what you can translate outside the game from the Monuments) everything else is a theory. The Dog? Anything you can guess about it or it's origin - theory. Titans? Even calling it a Titan is a theory - could have been Giants, or some other species created by someone else - or not. The game is very open ended in it's ENTIRE story (they give you pieces and you basically build it) and despite it's visual approach the Drifter doesn't react to any of it. You really only get bits of the Drifters personality from how they're animated. Other then that and the cutscenes his personality is very interpretive and... I dunno about you but with games like this I'd like a few more story keys or personal ties from character interactions to draw me into the world a bit more. After that intense opening cutscene, I was kinda sad to find there wasn't much more then that (even the ending one was lacking but at that point I was taking what I could get).Grant it I haven't found every secret in the game YET but I've been looking around and if you've been in the fandom business for atleast a cycle or two you'd know spoilers are usually one of the first things you see when you're indulging in  lore and fanart and I have yet to be spoiled by anything I might have missed. Haven't heard a lick about it so I just assume it doesn't exist until I find it.If you wanted a story told TO you this games really bad at that. You really gotta put pieces together to form any sort of picture about the world in your mind and by doing that you get drawn into the world as the Drifter. For all we know they know about as little as you do, so your curiosity, your lack of information is their lack of information.If you wanted to dive yourself into a world and examine the pieces this games good at that.To get out of the story perspective, though...Gameplay? Amazing. Not too challenging and fun to engage in.Visuals? Astounding. There will definitely be sections you'd want to screen cap or stare at for a few minutes at a time - sometimes longer.Music? Atmospheric - most of it is relaxing or dreadful (boss fights). It's very unique to the game itself.Story? I still like it but... it's frustrating to me all the same. I wish there was more key points told to you, more definites, more to work off of besides all these loose puzzle pieces that don't easily match up - but the Monuments are the same way, only more obvious..Maybe the whole stories there like how we can translate the Monuments, I have no idea. Probably. The pictures are puzzle pieces in this race to see what the definite story is - but then they'd all still be theories. I could run this in a rat race all day, but really this game is great. Regardless of whether or not it's on sale I'd recommend it. If you're still unsure, wait until it's on sale. Still a great game, still a good story even if I think it's a bit too open ended; I still liked it.And yeah I realize this is just me kinda being disappointed with lack of concrete story points but I figured I'd add my two cents in where no one else seems to be poking at it. Or at least not as prominently. I might edit this later when I replay it."
,Recommended,257850,28689932,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,fLipppp-,"Fun gameplay, especially with a controller, awesome music and a nice artstyle makes this a really really beautiful game.Its challenging but at no point frustrating and has an nice, abstract way of storytelling.10/10 would recommend for anyone who likes games with a great atmosphere."
76561198152902616,Recommended,257850,28453058,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Turtle Lord,"I completely agree with all the positive things that are being said about the game, but there's one thing that I haven't seen people discuss: Post-release updates. Hyper Light Drifter has been recieving constant patches, bug fixes, and even free additions into the game. Not only did they add support for 60 FPS, they made it possible to switch between it and 30. It's little additions like this that make Heart Machine such and excellent company. They even added an easy mode for people who wanted it. This is, in my opinion, the model of a good Indie team. Post game patches that improve an already masterful game, and making sure everyone can enjoy it without ruining what they already had. Buy this game, if only to support the people who created it."
,Recommended,257850,33253968,Posted: 4 July,all,Fisheye,"This game is very interesting it rewards exploration and still has challenge. The positives are the. Visuals they use lots of colors to contrast most set pecies smooth combat that merges world and combat. Some negatives are the story HOOOOLY god its awful to a rational human its weird with no spoilers its very ""artsy"" next the combat it is very repetitive each area has about 2-3 new enemies and 4 stock enemies. Overall a well made game that is at least worth the money on sale.Side notes: Bosses are very unique you will die 2-3 times before successto elongate playtime go for every crystal in every area."
,Recommended,257850,33204568,Posted: 3 July,all,Glazelf,It's Legend of Zelda but on steroids.I'm bleeding like I gave away half my internal organs because I tried to bring my stilborn child back to life.Also decapations.
,Recommended,257850,32909806,Posted: 27 June,all,Annie T. Mood,"A somewhat non-linear, somewhat difficult, top-down Zelda-esque game with decent looking pixel graphics.I do think that the game's pretty overrated; I enjoyed going from the beginning of the story up until its end as well as the combat mechanics that come along with it, but that's about it. It's not even a very long game if you're just going from beginning to end; most sets of collectibles are hardly practical and only a certain set of them are even any interesting.The game was designed with a controller in mind but KB+M play is doable. Gun aiming is easier on M+KB but regardless of that, it's still pretty easy to shoot enemies with guns with the analog sticks since their hitboxes, as well as your own, are a little bigger than they appear.Everything is supposedly ""hand-animated"" (at least according to the game's Steam store page) and they look great.The plot, as well as anything lore related, is told through its visuals, so it's left to player-speculation on what went on or what's going on based on what the environments and NPCs ""say"". Only some NPCs even talk to you at all and if they're not a vendor of some kind, they talk via still images where you'll have to further figure out on your own what they're saying through those images. A lot of visuals can get a bit cryptic, but the game offers enough to make sense of it if the player takes their time to observe & piece together the puzzle, or look online on what others have speculated with their evidence.The only text in the game that isn't a part of the UI are in secret tablets that you'll have to locate, but even then the text is using a fictional alphabet which you'll have to check online for for their decryptions or dedicate a lot of your own time into translating them yourself. Once translated, they only really say about five words per tablet whichcouldadd another layer of crypticism but where each one is placed make it have a lot more sense, telling the backstory of the current location. Of course, other dedicated people have already done all the work with the translating and lore-telling on this game's wikia based on these tablets in better detail.The game really wants you to focus on the environment as even the HUD is small & limited and fades out automatically until something like pressing the button to bring it up again real quick or taking damage happens. Even so, it's a great way to encourage the player to take in the surrounding environment and if not just for the scenery then it's for the sake of caution as the game's difficulty is a bit high, though the checkpoints are pretty forgiving.After the tutorial section when you reach the town that's at the very center of the map, you're free to choose to go to the west, north, and east region whenever you want with each region having their own mostly unique enemies and a respective boss each. Within each region, your main objective is to open four of what the game's achievements call ""modules"" and beat the current region's boss in order to unlock what the game's wikia callspillars. The south is unlocked after unlocking the other three pillars. There are no specific ways necessarily to reaching the modules and the boss door just so long as you open the path to their locations eventually. That also means that the game becomes a search-&-discover-to-progress game which can either get exciting or dull. It can be a lot of the latter if you get lost easily and it doesn't help that the maps only show you your general location and not your specific one.Combat gameplay can get fast & engaging as enemies can surround you pretty quickly.Attacks are made with your one sword, guns you can acquire as you explore, and purchaseable rechargeable bombs. Guns all use the same bar that indicates your ammo and are recharged by hitting enemies and certain breakable objects with your sword, giving you virtually unlimited shots. Only two guns may be equipped at a time but all of them are useful in combat so it's just a matter of user preference by then. The bombs take an extremely long time to recharge but they're very useful for hordes. You only have the one sword with you and its 3-hit combo until upgrades are acquired for a little more variety in melee attacks.Dashing is essentially what helps you cross from platform to platform, but in a fight it's your dodge button. It doesn't have i-frames so actual dodging is relied solely upon moving out of the way before an enemy attack connects.You've also only got five health bars that cannot be upgraded at all. What you can carry with you are health kits which restore your health to full but are limited by how many you can carry & find. They're found all throughout the game and you can carry three at a time at the start and only a maximum of five after upgrading the carry count. There are some enemies who take out two bars per hit and it's possible to be stunlocked in certain situations (even by some of the environment) so it can often be hard to tell when it's a good time to use a health kit.Calling this game an ""RPG"" is stretching it. You play as one given character going through a linear storyline and the upgrades are actually very few in variety. There are only three upgrades for you and your sword (which are really just new abilities & attacks), one upgrade for each gun you acquire which just increase their ammo efficiency, the mentioned health kit upgrades, and one upgrade for the bomb that just increases the carry count by two.The only thing that you can maybe call a side-quest is when you feel like finding all those tablets since no NPC asks you for anything nor do they even do anything new if anything notable that relates to them happens.There's a heavy focus on secrets in this game but they're incredibly unrewarding save maybe for the tablets. Most secrets are pretty well-hidden and onlymostare subtely marked. They usually reward money but since the only things you can buy are the upgrades they become useless fast as you'll eventually have nothing left to purchase. There are also secrets that have keys in them that can unlock certain doors if you have enough keys which usually reveal the usual secret tablets, money, guns, or special outfits that give effects like faster stamina recovery or faster combos, but you wouldn't know all that until later unless you tested them all out or checked online because the game doesn't tell you how they work.The way these secrets are unrewarding is that they're essentially just filled with soon-to-be useless collectibles and there's no convenient way to keep track of them in-game. Since onlymostof them are marked you're strongly encouraged to look up online guides of some kind on where they'll be unless you want to hug walls for most of your playtime. The areas they're in are rarely interesting at all and if you start looking for them, you'll probably be by the end of the game by then. At that point you'll have little to no practical use for the secrets, not even in New Game +.In New Game + nothing is actually carried over, but rather is just another save file that you're supposed to make that starts you off with only two health bars and all upgrades to you, your sword, health, and bombs. All collected secrets as well as guns & their upgrades are all reset. You can't even change outfits in New Game +. In short, all that New Game + is is just a difficulty increase where you die in 1-2 hits depending on what you get hurt by. There aren't even any special endings or rewards for collecting everything. There's a boss rush mode and horde mode, but they're hardly content here.The main bits about the game like the ""story"" presentation, gameplay mechanics, and aesthetics are well done but $20 base price for something where 50%-60% of the game consists of optional material that gets meaningless fast is a bit much. You don't even get to fight anything ginormous like those cool mechanical titans in the early cutscenes."
76561198135160012,Recommended,257850,33069405,Posted: 30 June,all,Captain Kiwi,"I have no Idea where to start due to so many positive things to say about this gameHyper Light Drifter is an absolutely amazing game for anyone who wants a good challenge. I will go in depth with details down below.-Art styleSimplistic yet effective. The game art is style is nothing too complex or very busy and difficult to see what exactly is going on. The colors are rich and vibrant and really captures the 16 bit look.-Controls/MechanicsMy god, they are absolutely great. Dashing around the world feels very satisfying and the combat is excellent. It’s one of those cases where it is easy to pick up, yet difficult to master. Throughout the game, you will encounter large waves of enemies and having such tight controls really makes you strategize on what techniques for survival will work best. You will never die from the controls acting up on you or the game being completely unfair to you, it is always your fault and learning from those mistakes is makes dying a satisfying learning experience.A complaint I have heard a lot about from HLD is the game’s map and how vague it is. Sure it may not be the best map in the world and at first glance you may not find it all that useful and also very confusing. The more you play the game You just have to give yourself some time to get used to it and the overworld shouldn’t be so difficult to navigate through.-SoundtrackIt’s not really something that is catchy and you will want to listen to it every now and then, but it does an outstanding job creating the feel of being isolated and lost in its huge world. Disasterpiece’s work of art is truly a masterpiece.-PlotThe way the plot is told is very debatable. Some will like it and some won’t. The plot is told in a way where it only uses still images and no dialogue to display what happened during those events and leaves the player to determine what happened. At first I wasn’t very fond of this style, but it eventually grew on me once I started to piece everything together. It will make more sense to you the more you progress through the game.I know this is a really minor thing about the game, but if I were to change one thing about the game, it would be adding a menu to keep track of all of the items you have collected especially gearbits (the currency in the game)Do I recommend this game?YES, GET IT NOW. YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT10/10"
76561198019771574,Recommended,257850,33140367,Posted: 2 July,all,Cearwen,"Either one of the greates games when talking about mute storytelling or the greatest Indie Action RPG of 2016. The attractive of this videogames is not only the setting (as it happens to be with many AAA Action RPGs) but the gameplay and control you have whilst playing in a beautiful and detailed scenario where everything makes sense. Difficulty is, it seems, one of the most praised  characteristics of videogames recently (with the Dark Souls III thing) and this game offers a great deal of it.Although I think it is important to note that the thing I enjoyed the most and that compelled me to keep playing (and, mainly, trying) is the beautiful pixel art."
76561198017755534,Recommended,257850,32454934,Posted: 15 June,all,Crocodzilla,I like it.
,Recommended,257850,30838266,Posted: 30 March,all,D_KingOfSpades,"A great and difficult game with compelling gameplay. I like the bright artstyle that the game has compared to its dark and gritty story. Speaking of the story, it is very interpretive and up to your own mind to decide how the story works since the game has no dialougoue, which make it even more ominous. However, the shotgun is too useful once you get it (it was the first gun I unlocked after the default)."
76561198134581757,Recommended,257850,31243854,Posted: 19 April,all,Maganese,"100 times better than some of the longest, best written games with 400 pages of dialogue, without a single written or spoken word. Simply a fantastic, beautiful game.This game is genuinely incredible. No other game I've experienced has caused me to go 'woah' so many goddamn times at the stunning visuals. The gameplay is pure blissful enjoyment, every little niche flows effortlessly.Cannot praise this game enough. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,257850,32744135,Posted: 24 June,all,phiskas,"4 hours of pure bliss.The game favors good mechanics and timing, the soundtrack both soothes and intrigues, all while you enjoy the lovely art."
,Recommended,257850,22491007,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,propeller knight irl,This game made me have a breakdown and cry for two days straight and now I can't stop thinking about it. 10/10 would recommend to a friend
,Recommended,257850,22296013,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,beep boop what is love,do you like the gameplay of zelda?do you like the grimness and difficulty of dark souls?do you like the uniquely psychedelic style of legendary comic artist jack kirby?then this is the game for you. bring a gamepad.
76561198078679059,Recommended,257850,32422638,Posted: 14 June,all,pb without the j,"attempt number 32dafuq is itwheres the secret?is it here (dashes over cliff side)♥♥♥♥♥♥!?(falls down bottomless pit and losses health)(teleports back to solid ground) god dammitYeah so thats what happened to me a majority of the time when im not moving around like Zatoichi With rocket boots. So what is hyper light drifter and why was it on vice channel of all things. But more importantly why did they advertise taco bell when one of the lead designers (alx preston) has a serious heart condition.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUT5SBZkVyswe may never know.So onto the game, so what is this game and why is the soundtrack so ♥♥♥♥ing chill. Well mr/mrs potential customer with too much free time, Its a hack and slash/metroidvania with the storytelling the likes of Darksouls. Only more mysterious, and would most likely get a bad review on IGN for trying something different ie.""2/10 hard to understand"". But unlike the dumbasses who run the reviews, your most likely not one because, well you installed steam so thats proof and would enjoy the game with its mysterious and oddly calming world.gameplaywhat the hell is this, a twin stick shooter and a hack and slash thats well balanced ♥♥♥♥ YOU FOR MAKING GOOD GAMEPLAY, ok sarcastic insults aside. The gameplay is as easy as it is hard to learn, cliche ticked off and onto the explination. In my experience of gaming, hack and slashes has always had a problem with making alot of different michanics, then making me end up button mashing, Like the people i make fun of when i play Skullgirls. But surprisngly everything you learn in the game, like bullet absorbtion and deflecting bullets with your sword, you will always use. I havn't even run into any weapon or skill that i would never use, because each one is situational and theres always a situatioanal um.... situation.Oh my basic pistol isn't doing well against these gunners, but my railgun has something to say about that, and thank god for these grunts to charge up my gun for me by involuntarily running into my sword. So an A+ in the adequet and rewarding combat sections so what about moving. Well have you ever wanted to make unintentional love to a wall. No, well your going to do it alot anyway. at first when you start dashing over bottomless pits and traps, you feel like a mother♥♥♥♥ing ninja. Then when you get the infinite dash move you'll feel like a mother♥♥♥♥in ninja without the subtlety.I have fallen into more traps and smashed my spine into walls more times, then the number of times i got hit by a goon. Oh and when you do that dash challenge and you get to 100 points, abandon all thoughts on confidence and relise that this is the hardest part of the game. I will never forget about the time i got my♥♥♥♥♥tossed around by a child in soccer and getting a♥♥♥♥♥♥reward after that beatdown.atmosphereEveryone knows that indie developers are the most inclined to pick pixel graphics and two things are going to happen. Either they become really good at it, or they become incredible ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that do it for the A S T H E T I C and P R E T E N T I O U S  S T O R Y T E L L I N G. Luckly its the first thing that happened in this game, and i dont have to throttle the developers for making a terrible statment on a serious subject matter.For the life of an indie development team that makes good games, its hard. Long nights of work with little sleep. But through all that pain we get a beautiful world with pictures for words. So the game is up to interpretation and im going to guess the main characters name is mr. blueberry. So mr. blue berry has contacted with a disease and has to find a cure for it, along with his misterious sidekick potato man. Thats all im going to say because im going to put the rest of it on wikia and make millions, but really its better for you to find out.So along with the beautiful world i have one thing to say, Why is it incredibly violent. Im not talking about dead bodies, im talking about dead bodies found in grusome ways. That water city made me incredibly disturbed when i was surounded by tents made from the skins of the recent citizens, and to make things more disturbing was the fact that the chill music kept playing. So we have a game with colourful aesthetic mixed with gritty fantasy realism. Shouldn't be surprising from someone whos the sort of person that makes fun of his own life threataning disease.negativeeverything in this game is beautiful with well polished gameplay so whats the problem, its trying to find every secret. That attempt log at the beggining of the review was my increasing frustration for trying to get the super duper secret. Its like trying to find an m&m in a 2 square km forest. Having to go to an area FOUR times to carefully scan every room, and still not finding the power nodes chipped away from my happiness and ended up making me beatting the end boss early. This has to be one of the Hardest metroidvanias to find all the secrets. I don't know how you'll find every nook and crany without a guide so good luck with that.conclusionSo is this game a good game, yes its a good game. You see that reward next to it with blood of a hundred game developers, driping slowly with agony and despair that most people can't comprehend, Well i can see it. This has to be one of the best attempts of a first game made by a small developer, and yeah some of you dweebs are going to say Undertale or some other game i never heard about.Well i have something to say to you,Kingdomofheartsisthebestgameeverandifyousayotherwiseyoucango♥♥♥♥yourself.but this is a good game"
,Recommended,257850,22732718,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Zinc,"Absolutely gorgeous and well made game. A lot of people could find this hard, but once you observe your enemy and know its strengths and weaknesses, fighting them becomes a breeze.  The game never holds your hand, and there's plenty of secrets to be had!"
,Recommended,257850,28659495,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Xenosaur,"What I liked:+ colorful artstyle+ it's a visual game: it's simple and not confusing for me+ music (absolutely majestic)+ a vague but interesting story open to interpretation+ a linear but at the same time open world+ creative combat mechanics that are ""easy to learn, but hard to master""+ customizability; it's limited but that is not the main point of the game. The main character's design is already cool!+ side quests-- which I really like in games!What I disliked:- The price: doesn't manage to hit the marker considering it's a shorter game; I recommend you get HLD on sale though!- It's nice that the game doesn't have an obtrusive HUD/GUI, but sometimes you can get lost because there aren't clear pointers; this definitely isn't the game for people that like being told what to do.-Not knowing how or where to get the ""key"" things?- That cheaty little bugger in the soccer game! RRRRGHH, he likes to trip me.Overall, it is a short and sweet game with an interesting story, cute characters and certain replayability. I'm hoping for a Alt-Drifter DLC in the future, but until then I'll try to get as many achievements and secrets in the game as I can. Good job, Heart Machine!"
,Recommended,257850,33015178,Posted: 29 June,all,Brolaire of Astora,"2 Minutes in and I'm already inLOVE!Gorgeous graphics, gripping gameplay, an incredible beautiful way of storytelling and on top of it all drop in local co op to share the experience with someone close. Stellar work team Heart Machine! Thank you so very much for this game!Ihighlyrecommend this to anyone interested in videogames, this is a must play."
76561197981569643,Recommended,257850,22492879,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Lupus Yonderboy,"Lots of fun. Felt like taking a classic 16bit adventure and upping the graphics and responsiveness for a more enjoyable experience. I'm reccommending the game and think it's a magificent work of art. Beat it before all the difficulty nerfs, but i'm a little dissappointed by the ending.It was an amazing story, but I feel it was the reason why I never watched Lost. Like when i heard the premise of ""Lost"" i though oh, yea that sounds like it'll be a really good hook, but the ending will never be able to deliver on what it's building up so one of two things will happen either the story will end and all your questions will be answered in a dissapointing way or they won't be and you'll be dissappointed even more. HLD feels like it took a middle ground and left you the player to fill in most but not all the gaps. Still great game, and i'd reccommend it ."
76561198156225552,Recommended,257850,33555782,Posted: 15 July,all,Manyak Şişko,"This was one of the greatest nonlinear games I have ever played. In games like Super Metroid, Monkey Island 2 and VVVVVV, even though you make progress throughout the game, somehow I don't feel like I have progressed until I have arrived to the end of the game. But in this game, you feel like you are making progress because of the divided parts, the obtainable objects such as the keys, outfits, weapons, monoliths and of course, gearbits, coins that I have never wanted to obtain everything in a game and %100 it as much as in Hyper Light Drifter. Of course, some people who like to collect everything in a game will quit this one because of the frustrating map mechanism and the secret paths in which your only way of knowing they exist is a little sign on the floor. At first, this game feels like it doesn't have much of a story because of the lack of dialogue but as you are progressing, you start to wonder about the beginning segment of the game and what it means.Overall, Hyper Light Drifter is a visually overwhelming, musically groundbreaking and an immersive. I recommend it to anyone who is into indie games. I am sure you will go through a breathtaking journey.9.5/10"
,Recommended,257850,31310520,Posted: 22 April,all,Super Muffin,"This is one of very few games I can describe as ""near perfect"". Despite wearing its inspirations on its sleeve Hyper Light still fleshes out its own identity. Fluid combat, wonderful exploration, and the moody score hit all of the right notes.Added bonus, the co-op mode actually fits pretty well into the game and opens up new tactical possibilities. Player 2 also gets to share all of player 1's abilities, bucking the trend of having one character having no interesting upgrades that's been plaguing co-op titles recently.Short version: Very good game buy yesEDIT:The unlocks can be a little screwy. I had one achievement unlock without my save acknowledging that I scanned the last found object (so I had to scan it again) and another achievement unlock a few minutes late. The second thing could be a steam issue. It's an incredibly minor thing, but worth knowing."
76561198264672013,Recommended,257850,33266567,Posted: 5 July,all,Pleb,"10/10, one of my all time favorites"
76561198078790110,Recommended,257850,33770187,Posted: 24 July,all,Zaltronn,"The audio, visuals, and gameplay are all lovely. The soundtrack by Disasterpeace is wonderful. Pretty great with the steam controller."
76561198087877692,Recommended,257850,33807881,Posted: 26 July,all,resonants evil,this game absolutely deserves any praise it gets??? i love this game.
,Recommended,257850,26594193,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ChactiChomp,"Beautiful and colorful graphics.Difficult and fast combat,Soft and powerful tone setting music.An amazing piece of art and an excellent game to play."
,Recommended,257850,33870254,Posted: 28 July,all,Raviel,"Want a new way to experience drifting without cars?Welcome to Hyper Light ""Drifter""This game shows me a different way of adventure experience in a pixelated game, where you can infinitely dash, kill monsters, failing chain dash, fighting bosses, getting new gear and more dashes.You play as a nameless protaganist where you need to find a cure for your fatal illness, and for others I guess.To be honest the story isn't clear at first, but the more you dive into the story you will understand the struggle of the protaganist. Did I mention there's also dashing?TL;DR: This game involes a lot of dashing, slicing, and challenges.I would rate this game a ""Drifting""8/10"
76561198075525818,Recommended,257850,30283366,Posted: 2 March,all,MadLautrec,"My favourite game (after Dark Souls). Want to keep it short and not lose too many words, because i could talk nonstop about it. The gameplay and combat is very smooth and pretty simpel. You can get various upgrades by collecting stuff that is very well hidden. The whole world is full of secrets that reward you with upgrade stuff, medkits, lore etc. so its always worth to explore everything. But now comes the best part about this beautiful game. The combination of sound and visuals. The game creates a breathtaking atmosphere with its perfectly timed combo of what u hear and see on the screen. The soundtrack is made by god himself, im not kidding its the most beatiful sh*t i ever heared. I have chills everytime i replay it again at the same moments, because its just so perfect. The game it self is pretty short and your first playthrough will probably take about 20 hours (if you take your time and explore/talk [with] everything/everybody) but these 20 hours... godamn they are the best you can get in any game. (btw. theres much content after main game like boss rushes, challange rooms, some minigames etc.) And about the story: you will probably not understand a single thing after u played through the first time just like me. You try to combine and interpret the things that u will see but defenetly not understand what is going on and why are you doing what you do. Ill highly recommend that after you finished the game, you go on reddit and read about it. There are some very good threads (warning: tons of text) with theorys collected that will explain everything and than u want to play it again to focus more on the story, after you first focused more on the gameplay. And the end of the game... its just so perfect. Damn onion cutting ninjas on my desk..."
76561197997387458,Recommended,257850,24679129,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Timskow,"This game is already shaping up to be my favorite indie game of 2016. Here's why:In the game you play as a warrior looking to cure his heart disease. Something the creator of the game is struggling with himself by the way. Other than that, the story tells you very little, but shows pictures of an apocalypse, brought upon by giant machines.The world of Hyper Light Drifter is a violent and dystopian one, which is offset by areas of peace and liveliness. Everything is brought to life by the neon-inspired graphics and animations that have you gawking at the most beautiful pixel art you've ever seen. The music accentuates the tone of the world with an eerie and unsettling soundtrack that is heavy on the synthesizers. Accompanying swoosh and swing sound effects hit the notes just right.The game itself is challenging, unexplanatory and sometimes frustrating, yet so good. The fighting is brutal, though you only have yourself to blame in case you fail as the controls are lock-tight. The level designers deserve special praise as this one goes back to the old days where you have secret crooks and crannies rewarding you with hidden treasures to find. Meaning it's a game you can easily revisit to discover hidden areas and rewards.tl:dr You simply must play this rare gem of a game."
,Recommended,257850,22915174,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,SwooshBear,"Hyper Light Drifter is pretty much what I expected. Top down, 2D Zelda-ish gameplay but with more emphasis on combat. I've been following the development of this game for a year or so now and I'm really happy with the finished product. Gameplay is really solid and the minimalistic nature of the art and storytelling within the game is nice too. I felt that the game was a little bit too short but it was still fun; the trailer made it seem like it was going to be bigger than just four areas/bosses. Replaying the game to find all the secrets and to get all the upgrades is pretty much the only reason I would play it again. It's a really solid game with challenging combat, but the only downside is that it's locked at 30 fps. It didn't bother me too much, but I know people who would not be happy with that. Definitely recommend playing with a controller. All in all, a really fun game for its combat, art, and interesting world building."
,Recommended,257850,22934001,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,I'm Jeff Kaplan from the OW team,"Hyper Light Drifter is a challenging game that has a beautiful art style. In terms of its story, it is subject to interpretation. Regardless of how you interpret the story, I genuinely enjoyed the game because of its controls, reactionary gameplay, and design. The only possible ""complaint"" I could have is that it's a bit short (4 hours of gameplay, but that's not bad for a non-AAA title) and I guess also having multiple abilities didn't really seem to make a difference for me. I wish there were more abilities or actions you could do to change up battle strategies a bit, but this is just a minor thing in my opinion. I had fun and I think that most people would enjoy this game as well.If I had to give it a rating (not a numerical score), I'd say it is above average and interesting."
,Recommended,257850,22770842,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Prf.ValianceTheQuestorOfAZ,"A blend of incredibly fine tuned rpg mechanics, challengingbut fair difficulty, and haunting soundtrack.This is one of my favorite games of 2016 so far. The design aesthetic for the game is one of the best I've seen in years."
76561198025297331,Recommended,257850,22820408,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ambassador,"This game. Wow. I went into this game completely blind, being drawn in by what looked to be great visuals backed by a fantastic soundtrack all supporting tight, satisfying fight mechanics, and it delivered.Don't play it for the story, necessarily. Just know you're in an apocalyptic world battling warrior raccoons, fanatic bird zealots, cannabalistic frogs, and artificial life experiments gone wrong, all while being haunted by a mysterious shadow. If that doesn't draw you in already, I don't know what else to say.The soundtrack and visuals are so well-done and fitting for every moment in the game. If you press the button (or key) for down, your character will actually sit down and chill. This game actually made me want to stop what I was doing and just sit once or twice, just to soak in a particularly fantastic sight, accompanied with great musical ambience.Now, this game is not for everyone. If you prefer games with more focus and direction, and maybe some more clearly explained plot, then look somewhere else. In addition, the combat rewards skill and severly punishes button mashing, so if you want hand-holding, you won't get it here.  But if you're looking for a game with excellent combat mechanics and an adventure that will take you from the tops of the mountain shrines to the bowels of underground factories, with myriads of enemies to take down swiftly and skillfully, this is for you.Let me be a bit more specific concerning the combat. You will die a lot figuring them out, but once you get it, you will be dashing all over the various arenas of monsters, slaying them with impunity. Reflecting projectiles and unleashing powerful charge attacks are just a few of the abilities at your disposal once you unlock them with the currency you'll find hidden throughout the map.Speaking of which, if I had a gripe about the game, its the map. I would prefer to be able to know where I've already been, and whether I've found all the items in that area or not so that I do not have to waste too much time backtracking.Now, they recently made it 60 fps, which was not absolutely necessary, but definitely made the game less frustrating, as every frame counts. They also included a boss rush mode, which is one of my favorite parts of the game. Oh, and it has co-op!All in all, this is one of my favorite games I've played this year so far. It's so vibrant, fun, and challenging. If you'd like to play a game that encourages exploration and a mastery of the combat mechanics in order to fully appreciate it, and experience a world with mysterious but intriguing history, get this game. You won't regret it.Dat north bird boss fight tho... I died like 50 times. Tread carefully."
76561198120242092,Recommended,257850,22927549,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Zero,"Hyper Light Drifter can be best described as a mixture between The Legend of Zelda and Dark Souls. The game is difficult, but fair and, like Dark Souls, the story is never handed to you and if you want to know whats going on youre going to have to explore a lot. The game also has a total of four dungeons, that can be beaten in any order, well except for the South dungeon. The combat animations are fluid and the mixture of Sword and gun combat is quite satisfying. It is also very dash heavy as it is the only way to avoid enemy attacks. All upgrades can be purchased in any order from the start of the game, but the currency is somewhat scarce and hard to find so pick your upgrades wisely. The games lenghth is around 8 to 10 on your first play through and there are new game plus options for those completionists out there. The only cons I could think of is that there are no words said or spoken by any characters in the game, thus leaving you confused as to what the heck is going on, but if you like that type of story then more power to you. There are also occasional bugs were the a cutscene might trigger too early. The game is also locked at 30 fps so if you cant stand that beware.I would highly recommend this game to all fans of Zelda's combat and Dark Soul's style of story telling, and despite it's minor flaws I believe the art style and combat system are well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,257850,31829013,Posted: 18 May,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,Retro Style Dark Souls with killer soundtrack and visuals XD
76561198025468353,Recommended,257850,22362613,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,WigWam,"Hyper Light Drifter has had a ton of hype behind it, and the long wait for the game has only grown everyone's anticipation.  Well I'm thrilled to say that HLD lives up to the hype.  This game is more then just pretty to look at it, it's an absolute blast to play.  It's innovative and new and just plain addicting.  You're going to want to turn over every stone in this game trying to uncover every last secret.  I can't reccomend this game enough, do yourself a favor and buy it now.  RIGHT NOW!  GO GO GO!!!Full video review for those interested:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8m7Fg0HDQc"
,Recommended,257850,31871979,Posted: 20 May,all,Umbrakiin,"This game.Is amazing.The spritework is amazing. The music is amazing. The gameplay is amazing.There's absolutely no way I can't recommend this game....However, I WILL say that you should NOT pick this game up if you're not okay with learning a game's mechanics with very little instruction. All Hyper Light Drifter tells you in words is the basic controls and ""WARP HERE ANY TIME USING THE MAP""; nothing more, nothing less.In other words, expect to figure out a lot of things yourself, because the game doesn't tell you♥♥♥♥♥♥NES-esque lack of communication and lack of hand-holding aside, I couldn't recommend this game more.TL;DR: Buy it if you like soulslikes. Have fun, die, get up, have fun again."
76561198063705231,Recommended,257850,22381017,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,[P3PP3R0Ni]yung acidophilus,"Loved this game, great visuals, music and atmosphere. Gameplay is tight, combat was fun the entire time, and upgrades were infrequent but interesting enough to keep it fresh. My only complaint would be the length; I beat this game in less than 8 hours (I might have been able to tack on an additional 2-3 hours or so if I hunted down every secret). Even if it's only priced at $20, that's pretty dang short for a game nowadays. It seems kind of weird that the developers would make such a detailed and vibrant game but only really give it like 4 unique levels. Adding another 2-3 levels/bosses would have probably made this my GOTY. I guess that's the problem with Kickstarter games. Still, hoping maybe Heart Machine will do more with HLD in the future."
,Recommended,257850,33219912,Posted: 4 July,all,SPACE JUNK/ANTI-MATTER,"This game is awesome! The gameplay/soundtrack/design/art is the bomb 10/10. If you love finding secret areas & secret areas within secret areas & loved titan souls, fez & hotline miami then for sure you will love this."
,Recommended,257850,22223952,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Andres,Fast and hard.
,Recommended,257850,22224196,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,░░░░░░,"Very hard, but rewarding. The music and art are similar to Fez, which is wonderful. If you like Dark Souls or Salt & Sanctuary, I say give it a shot."
,Recommended,257850,28334847,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Krombopulos Michael,I enjoy this game immensly.  The pixelated art is simple yet stunning and gameplay is smooth and amazing.
,Recommended,257850,28988614,Posted: 3 January,all,jadsilbak,"Hyper Light Drifter art style manages to feel retro and yet distinct and modern at the same time, a task many other games fail to accomplish.The gameplay as if guided by the art style presents old fashioned mechanics that are polished with a modern spark that is both varied and responsive.I really like this game, it captures a nostalgic feeling I have for an era long forgotten in video game history, and at the same time manages to bypass most of the design shortcoming what were prominent back then."
,Recommended,257850,22210467,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Sollux Captor,"I knew nothing about this game when I first bought it. I didn't even give it a good look and thought into it before buying this game. Even though I sort of set my self up for the possibility of buying a terrible game without knowing anything about it, I am glad I bought this game. The first 3 hours of this game got me hooked. The uncertainty of buying a good game was real and this could have been a big waste of money but I'm glad I found this game and I'm glad I bought it. This might even be my new favorite game.It is a challenging game which I have not encountered one of those in a while.It is fast pase and give you little room for error but just enough to plan a way out of a situation.You do not want to go into this game fllailing your weapons around. You must plan and strategize with the move given to you.This game is truly a diamond in the rough.I'm hooked and I can't stop playing.The game is beautiful. The graphics are top tier even though it is a pixel art game. All of the diamond shapes and all of the colors really set up a nice picture. It isn't hard on the eye nor is it dull. It is quaint and mystic. That is the art style.The sound effects for this game tie really well for what the game sound represents. The gun firing sound sounds like a plasma pistol and that sound gives you a vivid image of a hightech gun. The sword appropriately sounds like a light saber, although it does not sound entirely like a light saber but it gets the point across and paints a vivd image that you are weilding an energy weapon. The enemy sounds fit the enemies they apply to. It is all surreal sounding."
76561198032184246,Recommended,257850,28613541,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dr.Gurk,"Good visuals, amazing sountrack,fluid combat, challenging bosses. A little short in length, but it is absolutely worth it and i will most likely play it a few more times."
,Recommended,257850,22265454,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Butt Pagan,"I loved this game. If I play a game better than this in 2016, I'll be really impressed."
76561197995015430,Recommended,257850,28960360,Posted: 2 January,all,WDC,"A game of exploration, backtracking, and rapid combat. Also lots of 2D violence and 8-bit blood. Careful explorers will uncover the story over time, but the final mysteries are never fully resolved and remain open to interpretation. The combat controls are tight and nearly every area is full of secrets to reward observant explorers. Great soundtrack, great visuals. The game is overall a coherent and enjoyable work."
,Recommended,257850,22165102,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Higuy,"I'm about 10 hours into this game so far.Do you like pixel art? Yes? Buy it!Do you like a challenge? Yes? Buy it!Amazing soundtrack? Check. Great atmosphere? Check!Hyper Light Drifter is a wonderfully constructed game, aken to games like Diablo and Zelda, and taking lots of inspiration from Ghibli and Nausicaa.Some other thoughts:The game is fast paced and easy to learn, but hard to master.The UI, while trying to be intuitive, can be a bit of a challenge to figure out whats happening at first. This especially goes for finding main ""shards"" scattered throughout the landscape, but you can eventually figure it out while playing.Some encounters in the game can be as hard and tactiful as some Dark Souls encounters, so often while its fast paced, you need to be careful while playing.The game also has a bit of bugs, but nothing super game breaking. I have crashed a couple of times though for no apparent reason.Overall I totally recommend this game. It's great!"
,Recommended,257850,30809803,Posted: 29 March,all,Leech,"I'm one year away from 30 and have over 600 games in my steam library, I've been playing games in various forms since I was unable to speak. This game perfectly encapsulates both the history and evolution of gaming in the most eloquent of ways, Both the depth of what's expressed but with the space to interpret for oneself. The gameplay itself is amazing from the cryptic start to somber finish. Fluid and beautiful, you'll be allowed to grow and you'll never blame the game for your own death. This is another sign of a great game.... Everything has been meticulously and lovingly crafted SERIOUSLY there is so much little beautiful details to the animations and environments it's easy to say this game is my favourite modern pixel game EVER. I'd like to thank heart machine for what they have given us. Cannot wait to see what this company comes up with next.I cannot recommend this game enough 10\10 at $20 you'll get your moneys worth. Trust in the heart machine."
76561198015727135,Recommended,257850,22256637,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,schouke,Died to that giant bird boss 1000x before I finally killed it in an epic split second life-death last sword hit before his squares of magic death killed me. Game of the Year 2016.
76561198361927849,Recommended,257850,30290147,Posted: 2 March,all,m_ahmad92,Perhaps one of the best gaming experiences i've ever had. This game has you hooked the moment you see the opening cutscene.
,Recommended,257850,27791028,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nayru,"8-16 bit mystical atmosphere...There is no story telling also tutorial part,open-ended af...Marvellous soundtracks...Tough mechanics...OVERALL: 8.7"
76561198287664551,Recommended,257850,24547604,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Supreme Duck,"This game is awsome. Honestly the best game ive played in ages (even though i havent played many). Its very calm, beautiful, mysterious and you soon forget about the pixels and see the bigger picture. It is difficult, it may take you a couple of hours to figure out. The bosses may be hard but overall its a great game 10/10."
,Recommended,257850,22639263,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,Gosh. Dang. Samurai. Cat. Boss.
,Not Recommended,257850,27623897,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,fodder,"A beautiful, stylish game, whose developers are unreasonably sadistic - and this comes from a diehard fan of the Souls series.  That said, if you're the kind of person who is fine completing a game without doing any of the side content, you'll probably dig Hyper Light Drifter.  Alternatively, if you like optional content so challenging that it requires hours of practice, you will also dig Hyper Light Drifter.I, sadly, do not fall into either of those categories."
76561198145298170,Recommended,257850,33264700,Posted: 5 July,all,Games4Eternity,"Terrible. Just terrible.I have to work tomorrow, but I want to stay up all night and play Hyper Light Drifter."
,Recommended,257850,22160209,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Pierre Hulzebos,10/10 Would play neon zelda again.
,Recommended,257850,25735367,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ChoGGi,"Challenging and fun, but locked at 30 FPSEdit: and of course just as I post this review, I seehttp://steamcommunity.com/games/257850/announcements/detail/580226743110138539"
,Recommended,257850,25768051,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,er gatto puccioso,"Everything in this game is amazing: the art style, the colours, the gameplay.Definitely one of the best game out there.jerom/100"
76561198211909976,Recommended,257850,30825841,Posted: 29 March,all,Khaine Incarnate,"Are you a furry? Then you will love this game.Are you a fan of the sci-fi genre? Then you too will love this game.Are you a fan of the classic Zelda titles?Fez?Old 2D Mario?The early Mortal Kombat games?Then you, my friend, are in for a treat.The soundtrack is incredible, the art syle is excellent, and the combat forces you to strategize quickly or die.10/10 Alex Preston and his team are a jewel among the rubbish. I only hope he decides to make a sequel, prequel, or other set in the same universe, or at least along the same lines."
,Recommended,257850,30800397,Posted: 28 March,all,Osspumpkin,"Amazingly fun, beautiful, and challenging game. The bosses are enjoyable, movement is a delight, and the environmental storytelling is second to none. It now being at a smooth 60fps makes it even better."
76561198055158768,Recommended,257850,27618970,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gordin Remsy,"This game is the most wonderfuly frustrating work of art you will play this year. One of the most challenging games I have played.Well worth the $20, but if you see it on sale, snag it."
,Recommended,257850,34875601,Posted: 10 September,all,Shawn Lazarus,"Probably the best story-game I've played in a long time. The art, atmosphere, and how it takes cues from other popular games is just incredible. I love this game."
,Recommended,257850,34677884,Posted: 1 September,all,BIGMAC,12/10 GREAT GAME
,Recommended,257850,22180384,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,WhiteClaudiaMk,"This is really, really good. The music, the art, the gameplay is all fantastic. Some people say the difficulty is unnecessarily cruel. I haven't hit a big difficulty spike yet, but I don't actually know. The most difficult thing so far was understanding the mechanics. But that's easily remedied via usage of a guide, which I reckon beats the whole purpose of this game but to each his/her own I guess.Also, it is the most responsive 30 FPS game I've ever played. So, if that's keeping you from buying, don't let it.I had been hearing about this game for many, many years now and I'm very happy to see that it all came together. Congratulations guys."
,Recommended,257850,29552984,Posted: 28 January,all,Lúz,"Incredibly well made 2D roleplay exploration based game.Sountrack is absolutely echanting, visuals never get boring to the eye.Certain nitpicks:- Confusing storyline throughout the first hours of playing the game. It does get clearer and clearer while you keep playing, though.- Not so amazing boss fights. The last one is an exception. (that was so ♥♥♥♥in cool)- Clunky movement mechanics. You'll often find yourself accidentally falling out of the world.- A lot of walking. A lot of it. That also includes a lot of backtracking in order to find extra modules/gearbits/or monoliths. Not much of a big deal, but there's people who don't like this sort of thing.- Some secret passageways would be impossible to find out unless you were dashing around every single centimeter in a level. The game often shows you where a secret passageway might be located by placing a symbol on the edge of a plataform, though, so I guess that compensates the nearly imposssible-to-find passageways.Other than that I can safely say I really enjoyed playing this game. Combat mechanics are absolutely fun to mess around with, several ways to defeat enemies (not only with your sword). Difficulty gradually increases when you progress throughout the game, health packs are distributed evenly, enemy spawn system keeps you atentive enough and ready to jump into action through out the entire game, a whole variety of levels to explore, different enemy mechanics, ect...  did I also say its graphics are gorgeous? Oh yeah, definitely. I love me some eye candy every once in a while.Thanks to my bro Choppa for the game, too. You're awesome dude. Had a lot of fun with this game c:."
,Recommended,257850,30290097,Posted: 2 March,all,sp_oky,"This one really makes you feel a certain way. The lack of dialog and the sounds/music accompanying scenes in the game really set it off. Every time I play it, everything feels so surreal. This is a gem, folks."
,Recommended,257850,22238678,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,shfx,"If you like brutality of Dark Souls, Rich Vreeland's Fez OST and unique Sci-Fi pixelart theme, this game is for you.If you like to find secrets, unlocks or just like to explore paths that are not so obvious, this game is for you.if yoy like to die often, ragequit, then go back to the game with a better plan an hour later, this game is for you.Base game length is around 8-10h. You can either finish it or try to find all the secrets and unlocks (uniforms, guns, techniques, etc) or beat it again on ""New Game +"" with lower health.Very climatic indie game for sure.One downside of the Hyper Light Drifter is that it's gameplay is bound to FPS. Make sure you run it on a minimum required machine or better."
76561198192423199,Recommended,257850,26482390,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,DerpyCream,"I've being playing this game for a while now and i have to say i am very impressed that i have spended this much on this game.The game graphics and music fit in very well for the theme their going for, something like a fictional cyberpunk feel.The graphics are turely unique that i havent seen in other games by that i mean mostly colour,colours and more amazing colours! Each area has its thing which entertains you for the whole game and even game+.The gameplay is, again, unique and unforgiving something like Dark souls (this mostly comes in game+).I found myself always zipping around the map with the dash which is a big feature in the game, which for sure did its job and adding a bit of extra like upgrades to it same with combat as every monster or enemy has its thing and there is always a diffrent way to defeating them with your sword and again also adding extra with those awesome upgrades.For the people that say that there is no story there is but its very well hidden, but i wont spoil it on you of course ;p but ill tell you if you find out the story you wont regret it.Over all i enjoyed and still enjoy the game as its always updating with new features and just love the diffuclty making it re-playable, i suggest this game to any Dark souls fans out there and really anyone that are thinking on buying this game as it has co-op if you wanna play with a buddy ;p"
,Recommended,257850,22206631,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nyxes,"(I’m new at “officially” reviewing things, so bear with me please.)First off, Iabsolutelyrecommend this game to anyone who’s considering buying it; however, I will warn that for some people it might be a tougher game than you'd think. That being said, the controls are rather intuitive (I played with a controller, so I can’t really speak for the keyboard and mouse experience), and I would advise that you don’t be afraid to experiment a bit in how you do things in order to find the best method for you. Second, advice if you do play the game: dodge, and dodge often, at least untilyou get the ability to reflect bullets with your sword and/or dodge through bullet attacks without taking damage, and then it becomes dodge and reflect often.******************************************************************Hyper Light Drifter is a game that’s far from easy, but not impossible either. The gameplay is very smooth and the controls are relatively easy to learn — but that doesn’t mean you’ll begoodat everything right away. You’re thrown into a world that gives you very little and allows you to figure things out for yourself; in a sense, what you put into it is what you get out of it (particularly in terms of the story, but I’ll get to that in a bit). It’s a game that rewards you for secret-hunting, so be on the lookout for everything from secret passages to areas that you can dash to. You will die, and you’ll probably die often. And it will be frustrating at times (at least it was for me). But you’ll find yourself getting back up to try again and again until you get it, and that sense of accomplishment is oh-so-sweet once you make it.The art in this game is absolutely gorgeous — the lighting is extremely well done, the colors are lovely, and I was surprised when I realized the reason everything looks sosmoothis that the typical outline you see in pixel art is not there. The animations are extremely smooth, and even the death and resurrection animations are good (I will say I’m extremely glad they patched in the ability to speed up the resurrection animation, especially when you’re dying multiple times trying to defeat a boss). The music and sound design in general is absolutely beautiful as well, to the point where I’m still not tired of hearing it even after having a track loop for 30+ minutes straight as I try to defeat a boss.The details in this game are extremely impressive, from the way your blood drops dissolve off the ground to the little victory sword thing your Drifter does when finishing a harder fight. The entire game progresses without a single word, everything being explained through pictures (or in the case of upgrades, little animations) and cutscenes; and yet, I feel like understood the story as well as I personally could have. The “important” characters (those that do more than make a little noise at you when you ""ping"" them) have their backstories told through pictures as well, and I felt oddly connected to them despite not having what would normally be considered ""in-depth"" information about them. Especially true for me in the case ofthe other Drifter (possibly?), who’s in the same situation as you, or at least it seems that way. And I won’t lie — the ending gave me a few emotions, at least the way that I interpreted it.All in all, this game is fantastic and I will definitely be playing quite a bit more of it to see what I can find and/or do. This is absolutely a game I recommend."
,Recommended,257850,22168318,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Winston Churchill (owlenderj),This is the good♥♥♥♥♥♥right here.
76561198053323338,Recommended,257850,32308845,Posted: 9 June,all,Imbecile Joe,I don't even know anything about this game and expected some happy jolly Zelda adventure stuff.Instead I got Dark Souls. 15/10
76561198260560906,Recommended,257850,22597926,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,matt xp,Definitely recommened for anyone with any playstyle. One of the best games I have ever played and I'm sure you will enjoy it too. Thank You.
,Recommended,257850,26282087,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Desertscape,"Only played 2 and a half hours so far and stopped because I knew I would stay up til 4 in the morning if I didn't. It's already working up to be one of those games I will actually recommend to people I talk to irl instead of just through a steam review. 5 shiny gold stars out of 5. Unless anything unexpectedly positive or negative happens, I'll probably leave this recommendation as it is."
76561198067403252,Recommended,257850,30289791,Posted: 2 March,all,Xfacter,"Just cleared the west side of the map and then went and got the 800 chain dash acheivement after trying very hard for a long time (that was nervewracking). My previous record was 485 dashes, so from about 600 to 800 dashes you can imagine how nervous I was getting ^_-. My keyboard didn't cooperate at all, the spacebar is just plain awkward to tap continuously. Now I know why it was thrown out. Oh well, at least now I can say I got the achievement using a keyboard I found in the trash! So far I'm lovin this game an incredible lot. Despite the lack of words I somehow identify with the main character. I've not had an experience like this with a game.. until now."
,Recommended,257850,22172397,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,TheGingerDeadMan,With a gameplay style like Legend of Zelda mixed with Dark Souls; along with the ambience and artstyle of Titan Souls mixed with Superbrothers: Sword and Sworcery EP; Hyper Light Drifer is an incredible masterpiece.
76561198132215655,Recommended,257850,26512311,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,hadokenstyle,"Brilliant. The world-building is excellent, the lack of dialogue and instructions is phenomenal, the challenge is steep and rewarding. Haunting atmosphere. Add to that the co-op. One of the best games on Steam."
76561198067805232,Not Recommended,257850,24318348,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Tazdingo,"I Love this graphic art and sound. But...Unkind storytelling, usesless mini map, some bosses are too easy, collecting hidden item is boring..It's not a bad game, but kind a meh."
76561198002224411,Recommended,257850,26402091,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ndfgfg,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUT5SBZkVysMassive soundtrack as well!
76561197993524726,Not Recommended,257850,23637715,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Dr. Breasaire,"I would very much love to recommend this game. But sadly I can't. And here's why.The combat is very fast and relies on you dodging enemy attacks and then punishing them in their vunerable state. It reminds me of Souls games and Bloodborne. However where those games boast fantastic responsiveness and robust controls this game falls flat on it's face and completely ruins the whole experience,Controls are very unreliable. Sometimes you dodge, sometimes you don't because even if you press the button in time your character will not respond to your input. The easiest way to check this issue is try dodging several times in a row when not in combat. You'll quickly see what I mean.Framerate drops are constant on the upper-middle class rig that runs DSIII on 60fps no problem,Perhaps the Game Maker Studio used to make HLD is to blame but regarless it is a frustrating experience.Game's art direction is worthy of mentioning because this is a gem to look at. Locations are pretty and there are some nods to classic games with way better controls.No matter how apealing this game looks on the surface stay away.To further prove my point here's a review by Super Bunnyhop:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWFYccSCk0Y"
,Recommended,257850,30368525,Posted: 6 March,all,Ritsuka,"Great game. One of the only improvements I wish for is that the map would detail more collectibles when you find them. It would be nice to visualize where you've already found keys and obelisks to make it easier to get an idea of where to search for the remainder. As it stands I had to resort to a guide because I didn't think to write down or memorize whether or not I'd gotten every key from an area. It would've been too tedious to run back through every section scouring for them.Also NG+ has a pretty lame implementation, but that's not very important.Other than than that, it's fantastic. Great gameplay, great soundtrack, and brilliant sprite art."
76561198068648180,Recommended,257850,22999071,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Master of Suicide™,"This game it one of my favourites, in term of style and gameplay.It´s hard but the combat is quite rewarding and funn to master.Theres no text at first galnce  (if you want to decode symbols then there is text, so the Game rewards you for beeing courious ^^)but the locations talk normaly for themselfes, and music and sound are amazingI realy recommend this game, if you love atmospehic games with good gameplay.They also added a Bossmode some while ago, so if that is your thing that may intrest you.If you wanna see some Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm8vrdz0WYo&index=1&list=PL3XcqXTm2uMtev6VVDN7ZfMF7LcRrDQQz"
,Recommended,257850,22230734,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Rad dad 44,Beautiful and dificult. Only gripe with the game is that it's only 6 hours for 20$ as long as you can get over that it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
76561198079615822,Recommended,257850,22287492,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,PeenusButtLer,best of the best and best best best the beast
76561198071713999,Recommended,257850,28640465,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SizeApplication,"Honestly, I went throught the whole game and didn't discover a single key, that is awesome. I would normally consider myself someone who can snoop out secrets, but this game took it to the next level with how well they designed these areas that you have to really look for. The gameplay was excellent as well. The combat was fair, people moan and groan about how you stop when you heal but if you just get away from the fighting you're okay, and there was only one special move I had a gripe about, the two moves where you stab farther and dash hit had the same key combo. All in all, the game was very well done for the small price it's being sold at."
76561198042363630,Recommended,257850,22328278,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Poisonspy,"To begin, the art and ambient soundtrack is astounding. It really immerses you into the game and sets the tone for the plot. Second, the combat is simple to learn, yet hard to master. You can swing your sword, and shoot a gun. Eventually, you can pick up upgrades that may require you to dash and swing your sword in quick succession, but that is really all there is to it. The enemies are made to be very challenging, so you will need to play smart and never take uneccessary damage in order to preserve as much life as possible. Finally, there are many secrets in this game, and even times when you need to look for something vital to completing the game, it could be hidden. I don't want to spoil anything, but always pay attention to your surroundings and look around very thoroughly in order to get the best experience you can for this game. Nothing in this game bothered me enough to mention, but everyone is different. A thing to mention is the story is very interesting yet hard to comprehend. You pretty much have to imagine a lot of the sotry for yourself, but there are times when you can piece bits of the intended story together based on environment, bosses, and interacting with NPCs (That do not talk in any other way besides showing you pictures) Essentially, if you are not into the types of games that do not hold your hand and tell you where to go, you will dislike this game. Come into this 7-9 hour game expecting a challenge, because that is what you are going to get. I hope many people come to purchase this game and support the developers that worked very hard on creating a game that is memorable in every aspect. I absolutely recommend this game to anyone who likes action - RPGs and enjoy dying a lot :DFINAL VERDICT:Art - 10Soundtrack - 9Combat - 9Story - 9"
76561197989889479,Recommended,257850,27949794,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DerBuhBaer,"Beautiful Pixelart, the best soundtrack i heard in a long time very fitting the the atmosphere and very nice difficulty.As a fan of souls games i really enjoyed this game and its on my personal top ten best games of all time."
,Recommended,257850,24945483,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Master15,"This is a great game to get, BUT this is a very hard game to beat and you need to do alot of exploration (and a guide) howevery i feel satified of what i got."
76561198094695550,Recommended,257850,23151252,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,tree man of the year 2005,11/10
,Recommended,257850,29334381,Posted: 18 January,all,lemec,"> Got NVidia GTX 1080 for birthday yesterday> Uses it to play Hyper Light DrifterSeriously though, I plowed through 7.1 hrs on my first play (haven't finished yet)If you're an old geezer like me, who rocket-jumped his way to school both ways through boiling lava, you'll love this game. Its controls take some getting used to because it's a skill-thing that requires mastery, which I like.Bossfights are TOUGH. If you're having great difficulty with one boss, then you can try exploring another direction, but in my case, I just try try again, getting a little further each time until I finally kill the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I'm all like YEAH EAT IT HOW DO YOU LIKE ME NOWWWWW???!!!?!The game needs a teabag button so I can teabag dead bosses.Minimal hand-holding. The game does a decent job of explaining what to do with minimal text. I did, however, fail to realize that you could choose your upgrades with up/down until a little later. No worries, I figured it out on my own though.Oh yeah, satisfying combat. You can't just buttonmash, though, the game requires careful timing and movement. If it's too hard, well, then grow a pair and get gud... and learn something called patience.Map is passable. I sort of wish it showed me exactly where I was or had some sort of annotation system where I could scrawl notes. But then it's an adventure game. You're supposed to get lost and poke at every nook and cranny.Music & Sound is WOOOOOOOOOOOT/10. Music is dope. Combat sounds are meaty and bitcrushingly punishing. It's just right.Animations are also very nice. I can tell a lot of love went into this. Beginning intro was stellar. Can't wait to see the rest.Will update this when I finish the game. For now I need to crash into bed."
76561198065401152,Recommended,257850,22288007,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Bohemian Poet,"Instead of a review, how about obtuse comparisons for every gamer?For fans of indie games: imagine Transistor.  Take away the ability to pause combat, and imagine a much more visceral and immediate gaming experience.  You have to plan your approach to combat in this game, but you don't have the luxury of the pause, zoom out, carefully place precise movements phase of combat: everything happens quite quickly.  The game is just as beautiful, but in a more ambient (sountrack) and expansive (world) way.For fans of Japanese action rpgs: imagine a later Ys game.  Now give yourself a gun.  Cover with a layer of lovely pixelated aesthetic flair.And now a comparison that should work for any gamer: Hyper Light Drifter is a Zelda game that really makes you work for it.One last thing: don't imagine Dark Souls.  Yes, the game is difficult.  Yes, the story is told in an organic, non-scripted way.  But the above comparisons give you a better idea of how the game plays.EDIT: Just updating to say the developers have continued to add great content: still a great game I'd wholeheartedly recommend."
,Recommended,257850,24164211,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,♂ Skejven ♂,"This game is just great.It's best sides are great pixel graphics (I think best pixel art I've ever seen) and gameplay, it's really satisfying, it's quick, controlls are great and combat is challenging, fun and what I like the most, it's based on dashing system, so there is alot of movement in battles. There are a lot of secret areas, so exploring is rewarding. Bosses are also fun, though some of them are too easy.Storyline is, well it just is. Nothing interesting, and at least it's there.Soundtrack is nice, synthwave'y chiptunes and some ambient thrown into it.Would be also great if the game was longer, 8hours (probably like 10-12 if you want to collect all the crystals/gears etc, but I'm not a fan of completing in 100% games, I like to play on my own, without guides or checking every wall if there is a secret), but it's still ok.Overall, there are some cons, but really small ones. Art and gameplay makes this game really special."
,Recommended,257850,23980903,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Foyled,"I could not put it down once I started. The game's environments are breathtaking, and light drifting to explore those environments makes it that much better."
76561198230515804,Recommended,257850,24094194,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Forekus,"Really fun and challenging game, glad I bought it.+Nice and simple combat.+Beautiful graphics and world design+Reminds me of some of the old Zelda games+Short and sweet"
76561198023861407,Recommended,257850,22536136,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Berackles,"This game was honestly a great experience. It's story is one you have to search for, without words the story is told in each setpiece, the environments and the enemies tell a very quiet tale about a broken and unforgiving world. It works the same was as Dark Souls, and while people can argue that Dark Souls also had text to help you along I feel that it is unnecessary in Hyper Light Drifter. You pick up the pieces with each new area or enemy and the story eventually comes together nicely towards the end.The combat I found fun and challenging, but it was a bit clunky when it came to learning how to chain-dash or get a combo going. At some points I was able to nail a very fast and fluid combo and the game rewards you heavily for doing so, it just might take a bit too long to get to that point due to the slightly wonky way they have timing for attacks chains. These problems could honestly just be due to the frame rate cap so I'll talk about that next.A big issue people have with this game is that it is locked at 30fps and has occasional dips in performance. This does have an adverse effect on combat as sometimes the game doesn't register your inputs so your combo doesn't work out. Also drops in performance happened occasionally which made the game feel much more grating especially when it happened during boss battles.With these issues in mind I still whole-heartedly recommend this game. Why? Because when it works it works. People seem to take any negative issue a game has and blow it up until it's all a game is known for. It does suck that the game is capped at 30fps and there are drops in framerate at some points but honestly it didn't mean much to me. The artstyle, atmosphere, story, soundtrack, combat were all so on point that I can't even think about not recommending the game because of those issues.If you have $15 dollars and you'd like a taste of what a nice pairing between Legend of Zelda and Dark Souls would be like check out this game."
,Recommended,257850,22190909,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Malcefious,To Gud.
,Recommended,257850,26466929,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,LR-89.mz,"Very good game. Combat is fast-paced and requires strategy unless you enjoy the death screen. Pixel art is gorgeous, music is also pretty much awesome, especially during boss fights. If you're after world exploration mixed with unforgiving combat and hypnotizing music, look no further."
,Recommended,257850,22297976,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SylvanSeclusion,"Pretty solid game with basically ♥♥♥♥ all guidance. Fun, but you die alot. Prepare to hear people compare it to Dark Souls endlessly and tell you to #GITGUD."
76561198073392578,Recommended,257850,24474308,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Planktonimore,"Hyper Light Drifter was one of the best games I've played in a while. This game has an incredible pixel art style as well as story line and soundtrack. The game machanics are well designed and fun to play with. Though very hard at times, it's just so fun that you can't stop until you beat it. It's not often you come accross a game like this, I'd buy that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,257850,28799198,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,yeoua,Anyone who liked the classic top down Zelda games should absolutely get this game.
,Recommended,257850,29752284,Posted: 6 February,all,Pat Dabney (Chopped & Screwed),"Hyper Light Drifter is simply a work of art. From its soundtrack, which was composed by Disasterpiece, to its amazing pixel art. Yes, this game will make you want to smash your controller, but the beauty of it will keep you hitting the retry button every time you fail.FULL REVIEW HERE:http://snerdaperds.com/2017/02/hyper-light-drifter/"
,Recommended,257850,23980840,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SpaceCase,Zelda meets Blade Runner. Nuff said.
,Recommended,257850,30496389,Posted: 13 March,all,ghostroid,Absolutely fantastic game! Beautiful design. Awesome Combat. Dope soundtrack by Disasterpeace. 10/10.
76561198087410834,Recommended,257850,22404329,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Necchia,"Good, fun, challenging, worth buying"
,Recommended,257850,25863127,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Zumkke,"Great game, I love it! Plan on playing some more of it through other difficulties.Side note:Eh...? Within the folder of Hyper Light Drifter, there is another folder called Classic, there is some music like Sweet Home Alabama. Is that supposed to be there???"
76561198046235442,Recommended,257850,28663742,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nerrath,9/10Fantastic game with great art design and combat. Minimal story but whats left out is replaced by fun gameplay and vibrant scenery. Only negitive is anita sarkessian is in the credits......but other than that a very fun game.
76561198006714369,Recommended,257850,26764584,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cyber Warrior,Who needs expensive modern 3D engines when you can have Photoshop and talent?Gameplay's fun too.
,Recommended,257850,23637030,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,spookfield,A very interesting game.With a strange plot.
,Recommended,257850,24724724,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,An,"DON'T EVER PLAY THIS GAME WITH MOUSE AND KEYBOARD. JUST AWFUL!!!the only thing I have a problem with is when there are multiple mobs in a closed area. most of the times you won't freaking see what's comming since projectiles cannot really be differentiated with the background. I know it's a beautiful game.my advice is find a place where you're unlikely to be hit by foes since healing doesn't give you invincibility and if you got hit while healing, that would cancle the process."
,Recommended,257850,22169172,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,†<CC>< Michael Fedora,"Beautiful pixel art and rouge-like(-like[1]) gameplay, this game is merciless yet quite fun!Soundtrack matches the dystopian, ominous/depressing tone, though there are some high ones some times.I will say the art in this is the best I've seen, pixel-wise, and I mostly bought it because of that alone.. and because, well, I believe in the guy who kicked this whole thing off. ^.^Bare-bones tutorial in the beginning, you figure out the rest. A story whose characters aren't explained, but rather has emotions seeping out of more juicy pixels in the form of very beautiful (and somewhat strange) ""cutscenes"".Combat is twitchy, always a do-or-die moment; you have to learn the patterns, get fast, get good, otherwise they will (greatly) overwhelm you, and you will either come out of it exilarated at 1 health or raging at your death having 2 med packs yet to spend.I recommend it, though not for the faint of heart; you will be murdered; you will rage; and you will probably get carpal-tonnel if you have a bad gamepad. But it, at the end of the day.. is a well made game indeed.[1]There are save points, per se, though you don't get to choose them."
76561198086448654,Recommended,257850,22169254,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,COUP DE GRACE,Great Game. It's like pixel version of Dark Souls.
76561198064979091,Recommended,257850,22164031,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Nermanater,"Wow. Amazing game, incredibly fun, and pretty damn challenging"
76561198297420342,Recommended,257850,24200581,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,big nut,dash challenge is the most frustration i have experienced in forever i hate it
76561198020431728,Recommended,257850,24169020,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Joneh,"Hyper Light Drifer is a solid game, I got a total of just under 7 hours play time to defeat the last bass.All the ""visual"" elements are great, art,music, sound, combat. Executed really well.The role playing elements, upgrading your character and story could be improved. Both are hampered by the fact that the game is non-linear, you can take 3 paths in any order. While this might not seem like a bad thing, choice is always good, right? The only direct consequences were negative, design was constrained by the fact that 3 of the 4 areas are available from the first minute. The world isn't really built up, compared to story telling of Bastion really felt nothing for this post apocolyptic situation.With really solid gameplay, it was far more than enough to hold my attention and have a great time, just disappointed as the beautiful art deserved some context. Well worth playing but not memorable."
76561198096041589,Recommended,257850,22278300,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,tekgeekster,"Let's start off simple... Hyper Light Drifter is the best game I have ever played in a long time!The whole game is perfect from start to finish! The mechanics are well designed, the combat system is perfectly perfected (for lack of a better word) The game is challenging yet rewarding, The visuals and art style is gorgeous and the story hardly even matters but exists enough for it to be interesting!Calling it 2D dark souls Seems almost insulting considering how much thought, work and heart was put into this game. But if you're looking for a game that feels roughly as difficult as dark souls with zelda'esk exploration then THIS, is the game for you!10/10"
76561198065806175,Recommended,257850,23931315,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CluelessDetective,"I made a video review for this game. You can see my thoughts here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6RL55BZ7e0Essentially I really enjoyed the game and think it's worth it for full price. Everything is just so good, though the gameplay can sometimes become unfair and the story is tricky to decipher. Still, I reccomend it to the fullest."
,Recommended,257850,23930191,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Asii,"HLD is a beautiful game and very fun to play. Like many of other reviewers have said it plays a lot like the classic Zelda, and they're right. This game also plays much like Spiral Knights to thoughs who have played. It is difficult, but not unfair. Mastering the combat mechanics takes some time but rewarding and fun. The story is hard to follow and will sometimes have you question what is actually going on. What I do understand of the story is pretty cool and interesting. Overall, this game is super immersive and is completely worth $20 of content and enjoyment.I recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed: zelda, dark souls, spiral knights,  and/or super metroid."
,Recommended,257850,23780802,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,worshipgeek,"This is a great game. Definitely one that gets easier as you slowly build muscle memory and tactics. This is one of those games that you watch a stream of another person playing, and you think, ""what in the world are they doing?"" You'll find your own playstyle and upgrades, and before you know it, you'll be shocked that you had a hard time with those enemies that kept killing you 2 hours earlier."
76561198209706416,Recommended,257850,23819113,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,NikeFlops | csgoroll.com,"Amazing game, I would recommend for anyone looking for a challenge. great soundtrack."
,Recommended,257850,22193155,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lorentzeus,Been waiting for this game. Came just in time to play it while waiting for Dark Souls III. It's perfect. Best game to play while the big boy comes out.
,Recommended,257850,30624409,Posted: 19 March,all,Corporal Kobold,"Absolutely stunning world and atmosphere. Brilliant sound design, visual design, and wordless narrative makes for a beautiful, unique, and touching adventure."
,Recommended,257850,23822346,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Uberjanky,"This game is the pure definition of ""struggle"", in both tricky scenarios that the game puts you through, as well as the dialouge-free story that it conveys to the player. Dying goes from a set back to an oppurtunity to try again, and again, and again, until you finally advance after hours of pattern memorization and just plain luck. The vibrant colors mask the bleak atmosphere and surreal visuals the game provides, making it just as terrifying as it is mysterious when you come across more and more of the world. Laslty, the ending perfectly ties the pieces to it all, though it takes some deeper reading and exploration to really understand (this game has a lot of plot related secrets), and serves as an emotional payoff to all the hardwork you did. My only gripe is that the new game plus adds a sort of faux-difficulty by simply lowering your health, though it is only a bonus for most diehard completionists. All in all, Hyper Light Drifter is an solid game that deserves a spot as a Game of the Year, at least for me."
76561198037481660,Recommended,257850,23843853,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,melrief,"This game is like Zelda just more difficult. If you like challenging but rewarding games my advice is to try it. The art is nice and beautiful but sometimes makes things difficult to see. The sound is average at best. Anyway, a fun and good game."
76561198044788352,Recommended,257850,23846104,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rithe,"Everything about this game is well thoughtout and intriguing. Given there is very little exposition thoughout the entirety of the story, it inspires a sense of curosity as to what happened, is happening, and will happen. The atmosphere is brilliantly designed and further instills a sense of wonder.The actual gameplay is fairly challenging, but with practice it becomes very fast and elegant. In addition, having an eye for secrets and a sense for exploration is often very rewarding in this game. Though the world may not be as expansive as it initially seems, that doesn't subtract from how well-made this game is."
,Recommended,257850,23879072,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mark,"Insane. Zelda, Dark Souls, and Metroid collide. If you love those games, check this game out."
76561198041350178,Recommended,257850,22240070,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Emilru,"Based off my opinion and could be view differently.I watched this game since it came up on kickstarter and was always intertested in it and this is for sure one my favorite games of this year. That being said, its also very much not what I expected and is kinda darksoulys but I would say its easier. So that really didn't effect me too much, and I'm not dissappointed.Pros:-Tons secrets and collectables-Complex gameplay for certain combos-Open world where you can start anywhere, and go anywhere you like. (except South for reasons)-Beautiful pixel art-Fun combat-Boss fights are satisfying and oldschool meaning they have a pattern, and stronger/faster lower they get.-Decently long, While I took my time with this game and explorer as much as I can or wanted and lasted me about 8-10 hours.-Can builds your character to your playstyle meaning you can go all guns blazing, or focus on combos, and if feel like its  too hard you can get more health pots.Mixed (Meaning depends on the person):-Darksouls like and evil at times and very harsh to the player-Some secrets are insane and require tons of skill not just brains-Health can be hard to come back if you don't explore-Story is not expressed through words and can be very confusing at times.Cons-(Due to bugs this is a temporary point) You can be set back during certain boss fights or mini bosses and its pretty annoying to get back there.-Harsh save points, meaning you can get set back to very beginning the dungeon in certain places and have to redo secrets and insane fights.-Not explorering is very punishing-Some bosses are little too harsh and have to do perfect timing to dodge.-Healing animation feels a tad too long at points in the game."
76561198057056092,Recommended,257850,24063378,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Meow,"It's not for everyone (2D Darksouls). I however, loved it."
,Recommended,257850,24007707,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Xezton,"This is probably one of the best games I've ever played. The art is amazing, the music fits perfectly, the gameplay is super snappy. It encourages you to explore and doesn't do much hand-holding. The upgrades you eventually get make a world of difference in how you think about defeating enemies. The atmosphere of the game is mysterious and alien, which is perfect.If I were to criticize anything about this game it would be its difficulty. Granted I haven't played the game since close to launch, and I've heard it's possible some balance issues have been changed, at the time it was extremely difficult. For me, I enjoy challenging games that make you have to plan your boss fights and manage your restorative abilities. So in my personal opinion the difficulty barrier was a fun aspect. But I realize the vast majority of people who had a problem with this game mainly focused on its difficulty. They *wanted* to like the game for all of its other amazing qualities, but just couldn't get past an enemy, or an area, or especially a boss, and just gave up.Still, everything about this game is awesome. You can tell a lot of thought was put into almost every little detail and I love games like that. Grats on such a wonderful game, Heart Machine!"
,Recommended,257850,23961668,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ryanide,This game is really fun (so far)!
,Recommended,257850,24020899,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,n3rd,"Breathtaking artwork, beautiful soundtrack and rage inducing gameplay. The story, although not very clear, it's still very intriguing and guides the player's actions without the need to use words.Overall, astonishing game, I would buy it simply for the artwork. 8/10"
76561198141068389,Recommended,257850,24003222,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,mr krab's dollar,Fun but hard
76561198159192573,Recommended,257850,24004452,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,two dads,"I have never felt this way about a game before, weather it be the enviorment, soundtrack, gameplay, this game makes me want more. Its a masterpiece and it is one of the best games ever reliesed"
,Recommended,257850,24754337,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,ZALGO,"Beautiful atmospheric Zelda clone. Combat can be very challenging, but not too difficult for any decent gamer. Incredible music and visuals. Mysterious story that makes you think. A work of art."
,Recommended,257850,24835187,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun,"It's like Dark Souls (difficulty) and Zelda (exploration) had a baby and then wrapped that baby up in bright colors and beautiful art. Buy it, play it, drift away. 9/10"
,Recommended,257850,24804534,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,A White Guy With Dreadlocks,Literally the best/10
76561198137716074,Recommended,257850,24806751,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Kocain Kermit,10/10
76561198066440105,Recommended,257850,24697543,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Brushwood,Great Game.In 20 years I will accidentally stumble upon this game again and remember the good old days.
,Recommended,257850,24778614,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,EdDBoi,"I purchased the game at full price, I was that sure this game would be good and I was not dissapointed.I came into this game starving myself of what was inside of it. I did this because in a review I heard that it's got a big story with no words spoken, so I didn't want to spoil anything. The combat is amazing, even if my computer can only handle 20fps at times.I believe the best (and worst) part about the game is the ability to do local co-op. It's great in the sense that you can hotseat with whoever it is you want, but the only bad is that my computer doesn't like to run it too well :xGo ahead and pick up the game, it's a pleasant surprise waiting for me to come back to in college."
,Recommended,257850,30461433,Posted: 11 March,all,craverGT,Bought this game while it was on sale to try it out.One of the best decisions I made in my life!This game is absolutely beautiful and the gameplay is astonishing.I would recommend anyone who loves a tough game and beautiful artwork to try this out.This game does not dissapoint!
,Recommended,257850,22311382,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Vladimir_Sh00tin,"This game is the first and only one for which I have ever felt the need to write a review for. Honestly I wasn't expecting too much out of this when I first purchased it. I watched the trailers beforehand and figured it would be a pretty average/so-so game that I would work on every so often out of boredom. Boy was I WRONG. I found myself immediately intrigued when the opening cut scene started to play on the screen after creating my character save. It made me curious as to what was going on and what exactly this story would be about. Even after completing the game (after about 8 hours) I was still left wondering what exactly was the cause/source of the dilemma which your character faces. I suppose that is to be somewhat expected from a game with absolutely no dialogue whatsoever.The occasional picture based “dialogues” that you would encounter with a few characters throughout the game would give you a general idea of what to watch out for and where to go, but beyond that the grand plot of the story was left somewhat to speculation. However, I would not count this as a con at all. Quite the contrary, actually; it left it to the imagination as to how this world you play in came to be.With that being said, this game is perhaps one of the best I have ever played. It’s simple style, yet complex and diverse atmosphere was breathtaking in its own special way, and the adventure/puzzle/mystery style of it all really made it something that I could not put down. I played it at every chance I could get until I was finished.However, as fun as this game is, it is equally challenging and at times VERY frustrating. It isn’t too hard to figure out the puzzles and places that you need to go in order to acquire the necessary items to progress, but some of the fighting areas (and ESPECIALLY the boss fights) are rather grueling. This is no pushover game when it comes to combat. Some of the mob fights took several tries, and the boss battles took many, many more. What’s more is that it is rather difficult to find health, as it exists in scarcity across the games landscape and dungeons.May Heaven, Hell, and all the hosts that lie within them help you if you happen to enter a big fight without enough health and reserve health.Don’t expect to come out victorious by just “winging it.” It’s difficulty and required persistence WILL make you want to rage quit several times. Period. But not in a bad way… if that makes sense.Overall, for the price that I paid and the experience that I got out of it, I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a fun and enjoyable (and, again, challenging) way to kill time. Just be prepared to devote some time and patience when going into it. 10/10 would pay and play again."
,Recommended,257850,22307275,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Nimmy,I have not enough thumbs to play this game.
76561197999646621,Recommended,257850,22312508,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Poopin,"Hyper Light Drifter's (HLD) flashy fast style and sharp art direction will draw you into its world and its steeply difficult to master mechanics will keep you engaged (if that's your thing). Reward stems solely from learning the intricacies of combat. With a few unlockable abilities you are highly mobile, easily able to evade or deflect any incoming attack. But, executing these moves with confidence takes practice and HLD doesn't shy away from punishing you for your errors.Like the most successful action games, HLD is undeniably cool and stimulating when you fall into its flow. But, this rhythm-harmony is hard to achieve, demanding practice and your undivided attention. Lose it and you'll find yourself completely open to attack or looking at the black death screen -- your colorful sprite lying in a pool of his own blood.Combat is HLD's most interesting element. You are equipped with a sword that has a single attack combo and a pistol that recharges whenever you attack with the sword. The pistol is just as useful as the sword--even in boss fights--which is an unexpected triumph. Enemies with 2 or 3 hit points can be disposed of with one sword combo, a few pistol shots, or a couple reflected projectiles. Those with more health need a few sword combos and a few shots to take down. But, after completing a single 3-swing combo, your sprite is locked in a sort-of rest animation that leaves you open to attack. Each sword strike has to be timed and enemies never get stunned. Mess up the dash's galloping rhythm and your sprite will slide across the ground for a couple seconds as you helplessly try to regain control. Some guns(yes, there is more than one) have a short cooldown in between shots that can really throw you off if you're not careful. But these moments where, suddenly, combat grinds to halt for a brief couple of seconds really separates it from a generic hack 'n slash requiring little-to-no deliberation.With life-threatening challenges around every corner, satisfaction arises from skill-based consistency in battle. This may be a point of issue for some. The nonlinear structure of the game means every area has a similar level of difficulty (excluding the Southern area which isn't immediately accessible). The hardest area will most likely be your first. Although, if you care enough to explore the late game content, there are rooms that will definitely test your skills. But, these rooms always feel extra and are never necessary for progressing through the main game.HLD presents itself as a very mysterious game and its ambiguity harms more than it helps. NPCs speak in hieroglyphics that resemble symbols you've seen elsewhere. A monitor in your bedroom displays a cryptic diagram. Nothing is explained, save for a few basic controls. After a few hours you will know everything the game has to offer and be left with the matter of finding them. The problem is that you'll think the game has more to offer than it actually does. Much like the NPCs that tell stories in slide-show form, these mysteries are to be seen, not to engage with. They are surface level, solely there to build the world, not to solve.On the whole, the ambiguity of its story, characters, and goal prevents HLD from building tension around any particular confrontation or moment. HLD tries to with it short opening cinematic, NPC stories, and one reoccurring nightmare sequence but it's all too little and all too vague. This, coupled with the game's open structure, results in an experience that never escalates to a satisfying conclusion. However, the game has a consistent, dark tone and an atmosphere that is filled with dread. Visually, the game can be dark and frightening as you journey far below the surface. It can be bright and beautiful as you wander through a crystal forest and even epic, with once mobile giants, now forever petrified in stoic backgrounds. HLD combines sci-fi and fantasy in a unique way and it is difficult to not be drawn into its world.Individual areas are visually and structurally different, distinctly separate from one another.Unlike the game as a whole, each area escalates in the form of sequentially more difficult arena-style battles, climaxing with a boss encounter. Areas will have their own enemy types and combinations, often mixed together in a way that will keep you constantly juggling strategies. Boss fights present proper challenges, spurring the ferocity of combat to new heights in two-phase, lengthy confrontations. Enemy and boss design are both well-done and serve as one of HLD's strongest features.HLD's biggest problem is its exploration. The map is not really all that helpful. There are three things you're looking for in the game: purple triangles, stone tablets, and keys. Purple triangles are the only items that are mandatory for completion and you only need to find half of them. They are displayed on the map, but are still difficult to find. If you don't want to spend countless hours prowling the world for an item, you won't have to. Finding what is necessary for completion is a fun task that gives you proper time to master the deep combat mechanics. But, if you were looking forward to losing yourself in Hyper Light Drifter intriguing world, trying to piece together an various elusive secrets, I suggest you tailor your expectations.After you have found all the purple triangles, the map is useless. The game doesn't aid in your search for the stone tablets and offers no help finding any of the 16 hidden keys. The environments are riddled with hidden passages, offscreen switches, and invisible platforms. If you are trying to collect everything prepare to run along every wall, every side of every platform, and to dash occasionally off a platform just...because...maybe...It starts to feel tedious. Burn every bush with a red candle.The exploration doesn't require any clever use of logic. There are no clues, no puzzles, and really no meaningful reward for end-game exploration. The items you get for finding these secrets are almost always cosmetic. They may boost, for example, the recharge time of your grenades, but nothing you find will alter the way you play the game or the way the game feels. It is a shame that a game with great mechanics fails to offer diversity within them. Only two upgrades, which I acquired quite early in the game, really gave me something new to experiment with, to practice. There is a NG+, where you have 2 hit points and a new outfit. If you are trying to find everything, NG+ is the same exploration with a handicap, but if you are looking for one final test of your combat skills, NG+ will definitely provide it.If you are looking for an indie action game to enjoy casually, a game that eases you into concepts and methods and presents an escalating series of challenges up until the end, this might not be the game for you. HLD is almost always a challenge. Even the earliest enemies have the potential to destroy an experienced player. Still, Hyper Light Drifter's atmosphere, world, and combat are all engaging enough to warrant a purchase and worth a good deal of hours spent exploring."
76561198050321647,Recommended,257850,22435764,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,The Barber,"Great throw back to classic gaming with a modern feel and an incredible sound track. Challenging with out being impossible. Great game, I hope to see more from Heart Machine in the future."
76561198109927418,Recommended,257850,22402875,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,nexuscrawler,"great game! its fun, colorful, and challenging."
,Recommended,257850,22207328,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,benjamin,"legend of zelda and dark souls had a baby, its name is hyper light drifter, and it loves to kill you in many ways. 10/10 would be killed again"
,Recommended,257850,22604817,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Famicorps,"Check the trailer first. Visually it looks amazing. You see the gameplay, it's a 2D action/adventure game similar to ""A Link to the Past"". Just a little tougher but rewarding and satisfying.You will want to know what's up with the story and you'll enjoy exploring this world full of mistery and beautiful atmosphere accompained by lovely music by Disasterpiece."
76561198050283195,Recommended,257850,22260524,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,BEEF,"Art and music are amazing, gameplay feels smoother than cool jazz player covered in WD-40"
76561197977331343,Recommended,257850,22212095,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,HAVANTUS,"When I read comparisions on review sites, comparing this game to Dark Souls as one of the main quips about the game and it's difficulty. They're not entirely wrong; And I don't like Dark Souls.That said, I do like this game very much. Since I don't dig the whole ""prepare to die"" vibe in games, it affects how likely I am to pick up the controller and start up the game between sessions ( A controller is a must - keyboard mouse works but it's built a little more intuitive for controller. More fun too). And that sucks, because all of the art, music and design are so very delicate, awesome, all-engrossing that I really want to spend more time in it... and I know I will, just not all at once.To contrast the game comparisons, it plays closest to Bastion or Transistor. It plays very close to Transistor, but the upgrades are slow on the uptake (and don't really ""up""-grade, but alter your abilities). I dig the limited moves (~3) in the abilityset, it forces you to get creative and makes tackling even simple enemies fun.I'm sure this reads like a negative review. I'm still thinking about that part. Maybe the game makes us observe inward on the shortcomings and insecurities we feel about ourselves, allowing us to confront the worst parts of ourselves. But overall I like this game since I am a bit of a pushover when it comes to pixel post-apocalypta lone hero slashers. Disclosure: Not a backer, realized it was coming out a week ago and picked it up."
,Recommended,257850,22651323,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,You'll Never See It Coming~~~,"""BUY IT!!! JUST BUY IT!!! DON'T YOU DARING PIRATE THIS GAME...YESTERDAY IF YOU PIRATE THIS GAME SO JUST BUY IT!!! MAKE DEVELOPER DREAM COME TRUE JUSSSSSS BUY IT!!!...SOME DEVELOPER IF THEY GAMES ARE SUCCESS WITH THE GOOD FEEDBACK THEY GON'NA MAKE MORE IT!!! NOTING IS IMPOSSIBLE...YOU SHOULD THING TO THE POINT WHEN ANY DEVELOPER WOULD QUIT AND THEY NOT GON'NA DEVELOP GAME ...NO!! WHAT DO YOU WAITING FOR%#-*/~BUY IT!!! JUST...BUY IT!!! YES YOU CAN JUST BUY IT...FOR THIS GAME DEVELOPER STOP GIVING UP""That all I gon'na tell you but if you still wondering why...Cause this game is !! Dark Soul !! Even it didn't call !! Dark Soul !! But anyway is f*cking !! Dark Soul !! for the people who hate !! Dark Soul !! To play some !! Dark Soul !!(in legend of zelda gameplay)"
,Recommended,257850,22195619,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Youmer,"This game is fun.I can't say that for almost any other game I've played in recent memory. Sure, I've HAD fun playing some of those other games, but they weren't FUN games, like truely well built, fun, satisfying* games from start to finish like this one is.The game is hard, but not in a way that feels ''''artifical''''. Every time I died I knew it was my fault, it never felt like the game cheated me with poor controls, which are tight as heck. or unfair level design.The art style is rad and the music is nice.The world and story are not over-developed or shoved in your face because some writer wanted to fluant their DONUT STEEL oc, in fact there isn't any dialog in the whole game; it's all left vague and subtle, but it's easy enough to pick up what going on.So I had fun staying up all night playing this game. Thank you Heart Machine.*Soccer Kid is the Devil"
76561198048861226,Recommended,257850,22171800,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ValhallaAwaits,If I had to choose a game to show that video games can be art this would be my first choice. The music os amazing and fits every enviroment perffectly and the general sounds and sound effects are great and well done. Deffinetly worth the price
,Recommended,257850,22711463,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Eat,Great Game.Love the combat systemgood storygood secretsI hope to get every achievement in the gamebut it will be a whileBest Indie Game of the YearUsing A platform I program on - gamemaker: Studio10/10 would play many times over
76561198053713156,Recommended,257850,25391340,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Reddi,Amazing visuals and Amazing gameplay! This game obviously has a lot of care and effort put into i'd say this is a must play if you're into non-linear story/action games (remineds me a bit of bloodborne but pixelish).
,Recommended,257850,22249082,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Fox,"I highly recommend this game, it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!"
,Recommended,257850,25038368,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Most Nights,"A very chill, satisfying Zelda clone with some interesting mechanics and excellent aesthetics.  Still amazed this was made in Game Maker."
,Recommended,257850,30983808,Posted: 6 April,all,Rikkimaru,"An amazing visual of a game we got to play. Definitely worth your time!If you want to see a more of what this game has to offer, check out these videos.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhQ48AeUkQk&t=9s&index=1&list=PLBNLjU_tLTarJUU8edxHvPNk9_2h1H4BF"
,Recommended,257850,22312593,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,asvalken,"My perfect game - but it's not for everyone.It's beautiful, ambient, has tight controls and communicates everything nonverbally, has loads of hidden goodies and plenty of mystery to piece together.BUTIf you don't like difficult games, a ""figure it out yourself"" approach, or wandering around or backtracking, this might not be for you."
76561198036143059,Recommended,257850,22280813,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Fume Knight Gael,"A Hyper-Bright ChallengeHyper Light Drifter is a charming little game with somebigsurprises. It gives off the appearance of yet another indie game using a retro graphics style to cut costs and/or corners, but it's quite a bit more. While it's not perfect, or even anything beyond ""really good"", it's still worth a playthrough if you've got the stomach for it.I'm not as big a fan of the visual style this game employs, so I'm more than a little biased when I say that the aggressively pixelated graphics and heavily chiptune soundtrack (which feels uncomfortably caught between 8 and 16-bit) didn't quite do it for me. That being said, the music has a trance-like quality that makes it hard not to feel serene during even the tough boss encounters, knows when to step into the background to enhance the moodiness of a scene, and the game is colorful and detailed more often than not. The simplistic graphics also disguise some truly terrifying and violent imagery: if this game was more photorealistic and review by the ESRB, I'd be surprised if it didn't get an ""M"" rating. However, the visuals, music and sound effects do their job quite well, and the little nonsense voices the NPCs speak in are cute.Hyper Light Drifter opens with a cutscene that's gorgeous in every way, depicting what appears to be the fall of a civilization via explosions and plagues. A survivor appears, standing amidst the dead before hunching over and coughing blood-they're a victim of this virus, too. The disease they carry also seems to have taken on a physical form and is hunting them down in the shape of a shadowy, single-eyed monster. It's a stellar, creepy and confusing opening to a game that manages to consistently be all of those things, for better or for worse.The smaller stories contained within each zone, or that follow specific characters, are well-told, relying on comic-book-esque picture boxes. In a style similar to Dark Souls, each story needs to be pieced together, and you never quite have enough information to feel comfortable. The zones themselves tell some great stories to observant players, hiding plot developments in background detail or corpses on the ground. The game can get surprisingly scary at times; expect to enter a new room only to be confronted with evidence of cannibalism, ritualistic sacrifice, or long-dead families multiple times. The questions raise by these small, almost meaningless inclusions do a great deal to enhance the wonder and terror of the nameless world the game takes place in.Unfortunately, the main plot doesn't pan out the same way, ending on a confusing and tragic note that rushes to a climax very quickly. After clearing the main areas, you go down a hole and fight the final boss. Roll credits. It feels like it's lacking another layer, maybe just a few minutes, or clarify as towhywhat's happening is happening.The gameplay is where this title truly shines. The nameless, genderless drifter is a fragile creature, only able to take a few hits from any old claw swipe or gunshot before going down, relying on their superhuman speed to avoid all damage if possible. Or, barring that, the swift elimination of their enemies before they can grow to insurmountable numbers. Their only tools are medkits, bombs (for area damage on a moderately long cooldown), their sword, and an ever-increasing arsenal of guns. Death is a quick affair followed by swift reloads, which minimizes the pain of falling in battle.And youwillfall in battle. Many times. Hyper Light Drifter has been compared to Legend of Zelda, Metroid, and Dark Souls. The exploration and world design follow the first two, while the latter clearly inspires the storytelling and combat. Managing your stamina bar, which governs dashes and special attacks, becomes quite a challenge later on, and guns only recharge through attacks, forcing you to stay aggressive. Things get even more complicated when environmental dangers and huge numbers of enemies are thrown in. Enemies are varied and mostly interesting, and the combat gives you plenty of tools to pull off awesome maneuvers against seemingly impossible odds.The combat is good, but the occasional unfair death is worth commenting on. Beating certain scripted encounters leads to a victory animation...but it sometimes triggers before everything is dead, meaning you get whaled on while twirling your sword in an impressive and helpless manner. Getting hit by an enemy and then knocked off a ledge, only to spawn on that enemy and die instantly is no fun, as are certain enemies that seem to be able to teleport mid-dash to attack you where you're going to come out. The combat is, again, the highlight of the game, but crosses over from ""I'm motivated to finish this difficult arena fight!"" to ""That death was total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"" a littletoooften for my liking.Fortunately, the bosses don't fall victim to this. They're all difficult-but-fair, visually and mechanically distinct, and entertaining to defeat. Plus, killing them nets some valuable rewards.Unlike many metroidvanias, the game doesn't exactly have portions locked off until you get certain abilities: besides the chain-dash that you'll get immediately if you know what's good for you and therail gun, none of the abilities you get add to your ability to explore.On the other hand, the ability to goanywhereafter the short intro is impressive and daunting. All of the areas are balanced to be explored in any order, so being able to go wild is nice., though the map is basically unusable. Howeverone of the areas is arbitrarily locked off until you clear the other three, souring this somewhat.The game is light on puzzles, but hosts some devious environmental challenges (mostly relating to the chain-dash) and some well-hidden collectibles. The string of upgrades is well-paced, tempting you with ""just one more gearbit"" long after you should have taken a break. The upgrades themselves are generally useful, though the multi-button sword combos are difficult to get used to and different enough that you'll be cursing when you meant to teleport-slice instead of slide-stabbing.Hyper Light Drifter has its flaws, but it's a shining example of what a small team can do with enough resources, dedication, and patience. It deserves your time and money if you have the stomach for some difficult combat and an esoteric story.Pros:Immersive, colorful environmentsMusic is moody and works especially well during cutscenes to convey emotionEnvironments have some really cool little stories to tellSide stories are cute and well-toldThe combat is fun and satisfying. The sense of achievement after downing a difficult boss or challenge room is amazing.Upgrades and collectibles are well distributed and generally fun, noticeable purchasesCons:Occasionally unfair combat leads to frustrationStylized music and visuals may not appeal to everyonePoorly executed main storyMap is confusing and dreadfully useless"
,Recommended,257850,25732536,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Tj,"2nd legit review i have ever done i know i may left some stuff about but i'm to lazy to put it in the review if you want to share something about the game i missed i'll be happy and respond to you. (better not be some troll♥♥♥♥♥♥or i'll fight outside of Fry's electronic)By far the best game i Indie adventure game i played so far in my opinion. The music is amazing and relaxing, the combat is really interesting with tons of move set and the range weapons are great also. I like the idea how you have to slash your enemies or objects to replenish your ammo. The platform is really hard and takes alot of practice to master it because if you're going for hidden items or gear collecting good luck to you pal but it will be rewarding with the unique effects on the costumes it self. The bosses are really unique and i think of it like Mega man you can freely choose which boss or zone you can take on and all of the bosses have counter and weaknesses. If you take on a boss without any upgrade or weapons it can be frustrating and hard but if you can can gett certain upgrades and or guns. This game is as and i know i'm ripping people off this joke but it's as hard as your wife/husband but can be forgiven and you love him/her. I recommend this game for anyone who's not an experience gamer and experience gamers. 9/10"
76561198008541235,Recommended,257850,24012226,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Skullsplitter,This is everything about Zelda's Link to the past + beautiful pixel art that I love. Interesting lore and solid game play. Definitely worth every cent.
,Recommended,257850,25735294,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Kruzil,They added 60FPS and Co-op; Developer of the Year
76561197968561939,Recommended,257850,22340271,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,GrapeS,control rocks. music rocks. visual rocks. difficulty rocks. what more can I say.
76561198139092284,Recommended,257850,26209423,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,mainmachine,Such a fantastic game. I have not played a game that truly captured the fun and challenge of the SNES era of gaming as this game does...Story told with no words other than basically the menus...?Brilliant!
,Recommended,257850,23913834,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Shadowspecter,"Just finished this game and had a bunch of  fun playing. Short game beat it in about 8.5 hours.Pros:Different take on ""Dungeon Crawler"" type game.The map is large and filled with different nooks and crannies that you miss on first walkthrough.Plenty of collectables in game.I could see myself replaying this one a few more times.Cons:Theres a story, I dont know what it is but there is one.The ingame maps are pretty useless. I navigated mostly by landmark than the map.Some of the abilities were lack luster in my opinion."
76561198241418638,Recommended,257850,23960528,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,jumpstartled,"This game is by far my favorite game. It has a very nice atmosphere and a world that would not get you bored no matter how many time you go through it. It had great sword play that satisfied you everytime you landed a blow on your enemy. The gun was also fun, but I found it harder to use with a controller (Even though this game recomends a controller I played with a mouse and keyboard and it was more fun). The gun and the sword blended together in combat that mended together to form swift movments that were so satisfying.GraphicsEven though many games on PC seem to be pixel graphics and it can get queit boring, Hyper Light Drifter amazed me with its pixel art. I thought that I would only find this in the cutscenes, but it suprised me throughout the whole game. The scenery brought you into the world and the game already won me once I stepped foot into the world. Its a post-apacalyptic world that tells its own story. It is very very colorful.GameplayThe top-down point of veiw was perfect for the shooter and hack and slash game we love, Hyper Light Drifter. It can be a very difficult game, but if you approach it the correct way, it can be a little easier. The game is divided by four sections, North, East, South, and West. Each section has one boss that can be more difficult than the other ones. The areas in the game are simple and hard to get lost in (I had some trouble in the East, but other than that I had a great time). There are a lot of secret areas that drop subtle hints. I admit that I had help of a walkthrough to find all of the areas. The currency is very easy to find and are sprinkled throught the game. I had some very difficult business decisions throughout the game. There were some bugs, but very little. It was only getting stuck on an edge and enemies being stuck behind barreirs.SoundtrackI loved to listen to it, but not to buy it.Overal.I'm a very picky gamer, but as I said, this was my favorite game so I give it a great 9.5/10. My only complaint is that I wished it was longer."
76561198153391047,Recommended,257850,24191266,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,thot,"Hyper Light Drifter is easily one of my favorite games of 2016. Amazing soundtrack, appealing visuals, dynamic gameplay and extensive exploration all wrapped into one amazing package. Even the main storyline alone would be worth your $20, and all the extra zones and areas to explore only enrich the experience. The combat in the game is challenging without a doubt, but with enough practice and the right upgrades it's only a matter of how quick your reflexes are. If you are even considering playing this game, buy it."
76561198119471338,Recommended,257850,24194139,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dethica,"An awe-inspiring, wonderfully mysterious, mystical journey. A game like this only comes along but so often."
,Recommended,257850,24010302,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,chaosmalefic,C'est magnifique! Buy without any second thoughts!
76561198120819137,Recommended,257850,29552124,Posted: 28 January,all,Sailor Phaethon,"This is truely an amazing game. The graphics are wonderfule, the gameplay is just as good. When playing the game, I made up my own story as I when along, which I think was the purpose of the very vague story. Overall I would and have recommened this to almost everyone of my freinds who plays video games. Truely a wondeful game.10/10 IGN ""Would play again"""
,Recommended,257850,27772808,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Meccanica,"Somehow, at the impossible, tripped-out non-euclidian intersection between Link to the Past, Diablo, Fez, Hotline Miami, Dark Souls, Transistor, and Megaman Zero...Some game devs spilled their blood, sweat, and tears to make a game. But the blood grew into forests of fractal trees, and the sweat crashed like lightning and thunder, and the tears painted it all in black and red and green and neon pink.And thus, Hyper Light Drifter was released.And there was much rejoicing."
,Recommended,257850,22273002,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,TOMKHAN,"Ok, I've been following this game since the first gif of the gameplay appeared and fell in love.It was a very pleasant 14 hours of play (defeated all bosses), but I have a lot more to collect in this game and will come back asap.One of the finest game there is on the game market!Recommending this game to anyone who loves mystery, challenge and a brilliant pixel art."
,Recommended,257850,31320595,Posted: 23 April,all,nes,"I love this game! You can just feel the love that went into it, from the music to the gameplay to the whole atmosphere. If you like Zelda, I'm sure you will like this if you give the artstyle a chance to grow on you. Be prepared, combat is more difficult than in any Zelda game. You can get really good and feel like a badass, and like a schlauberger too if you find another of the well hidden secrets in this beautifully realised mysterious world.a gripping story told entirely without words, a new age retro masterpiece in my mind.Thank you for this game Heart Machine!"
,Recommended,257850,22209462,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Rhoboat,*Gorgeous Scenery Intensifies*Pretty difficult too
76561198041865613,Recommended,257850,30360972,Posted: 6 March,all,Bolar_Pear,This is the most beautiful game I've ever experienced.
,Recommended,257850,30974582,Posted: 6 April,all,Spookerblitty,"Great game. Aesthetically pleasing with the pixelized graphics and the gameplay is fun. The soundtrack has some really great songs that fit the mood of the area your in. It starts off slow and doesn't really give you a direction to go, so be prepared to run around mindlessly a lot or consult to a guide. It is also more difficult than you think, you have to pay close attention to your health bar or you will find yourself on way less health than you think. The most frustrating part is the puzzles. They can be very annoying at times as the map you are given is not very detailed and just gives you a general idea of what is around you. The puzzles often lead you to optional things like upgrade square things, but the hardest ones are always when you have to get the diamonds which are required to progress. I find myself a lot going up and down and back tracking a ton because I missed a secret passage that was barely noticable. I wouldn't even call them puzzles because they are more of you searching for the right place to go and checking every corner for a passage way. If you can get past frustrating ""puzzles"" than this is a great game. Good music, gameplay, combat is extremely fun, and very visually pleasing. It provides you with an okay amount of hours, it's taken me 6.6 hours to almost complete the game on normal, but you can replay the game once you beat it on a different mode for extra challenge. Overall great game though, masterfully put together.!PLAY ON STANDARD MODE BECAUSE IF YOU PLAY ON NEWCOMER, A LOT OF ACHIEVMENTS WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE TO YOU!"
76561197961464263,Recommended,257850,22369584,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,kirthalion,Worthy of legendary status.
76561197979261882,Recommended,257850,31013085,Posted: 8 April,all,Snuttfisen,"What an amazing game!! The music, sounds, atmosphere, gameplay, levels and lack of narrative in a traditional way.A solid game through and through, with a perfect length.If you enjoy exploration in a Links to the past-esque kind of game, you will not be dissapointed! 5/5 gold pubes."
,Recommended,257850,29402672,Posted: 21 January,all,gigasandmetrostudiopolis zone,"This is an absolutely /amazing/ game. It has gorgeous visuals, great controls using an Xbox One controller (it has support for showing PS4 buttons too!), and is a challengeing yet fair game. The game also rewards players who like to check for secrets, giving items such as upgrade modules and medkits.The atmosphere of this game is stunning, with the story being told with dialogue not being conveyed through text or voice, and a few cutscenes explaining events going on.This is a must buy game, and it's recommended you go in without any form of spoilers. But even if you are spoiled by what's going to happen in the game, the gameplay itself is without a doubt worth it, having amazing sword and gun play that requires strategic yet quick thinking."
76561198050969534,Recommended,257850,31328464,Posted: 23 April,all,ZA WARUDO!!!!!,Good game nice soundtrack and gameplay
,Recommended,257850,22218973,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Albino,"I expected it to be good, but not this good. Definitely the best game I've played so far this year."
,Recommended,257850,22370490,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ASC,"I can only add to the vast amount of praise this game has already got.  Lovely pixelated graphics, a fantastic soundtrack by Disasterpeace, brilliant gameplay, tons of secrets, hard bosses, plus much much more.  Don't miss out."
,Recommended,257850,22404512,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,CardinalHeart27,"What I like about Hyper Light Drifter is more than just satisfying combat, an immersive atmosphere, the stylistic use of the art medium, masterfully crafted level design, and a feeling of discovery behind every secret passage way, nook, and cranny you come across (all of which it has oodles of). This game perfects a method in creating an experience, in telling a story, that goes beyond conventional narration and theme. It does this by both hiding and slowly revealing details at a pace that leaves you always grasping for more, but always satisfied by what you've discovered. While there are no words and the only communication with other characters is through sets of descriptive images of scenes, the player will understand the purpose and meaning of Hyper Light Drifter if they look carefully enough. You have one simple goal in Hyper Light Drifter, explore and uncover powerful artifacts of the past. Your motivation is as simple and deadly as any in the real world, a terminal and mysterious illness. As you explore more and more of the beautifully drawn and animated world of Hyper Light Drifter, you'll discover the dark secrets of the hidden past and why the Drifter is going down this path. The biggest strength of this game might actually be the ambiguity the story telling allows. Similar to games like Journey in this respect, you'll fall in love with Hyper Light Drifter becuase it lets you unravel the mystery of events in the game's universe rather than shouting a plot at you. This gives a special and personal significance to the character of the Drifter and the circumstances that befall him in the player's heart, not because they are told to like the character, but because they discover they do through their own experience controlling him. I DEFINITELY recommend this game, you will fall in love if you appreciate the deep care and effort an artist puts into their work. With the wonder of a Miyazaki film and the depth of a Souls game, Hyper Light Drifter is one of the best games to come out in the last year, and Heart Machine deserves much more credit than what they're already given for creating it. Thank you."
76561197979643793,Recommended,257850,22339147,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,RustyRaven,"Hyper Light Drifter is a 2D action game in the style of early Legend of Zelda games, specifically A Link to the Past for the SNES, as the game features a top down camera and involves exploring an overworld with several small dungeons tucked away. Furthermore, the launch was crippled by FPS drops, but it has since been patched out and the game ran without any issues for the duration of my first playthrough.The Good:+Excellent combat that relies on timing and mastery of the players abilities.+Fluid pixel art that is easy on the eyes.+Fantastic music by Disasterpiece, the same artist that produced the music for Fez and Shoot Many Robots.+Lots of secrets, hidden paths and upgrades hidden around every corner of the map and dungeons.+The story and narrative is told without dialogue, much like Journey was, which makes for a different experience.+Enviromental puzzles and challenges break up the hack and slash action.The Bad:-The game has superb boss fights, but could've used more, especially since the last zone featured more than one.-Some enemies will knock your character over and hit you again, before you can dodge away, leading to cheap deaths.-Due to opting out of dialogue the story does seem somewhat shallow.-Secrets fall between just being in a corner or having incredibly obtuse sollutions that aren't always explained.Bottom Line:Hyper Light Drifter is a love letter to old retro games and flaunts great gameplay, tells a simplistic story and at times, delivers crushing difficulty. For those looking for a retro challenge this is it, however those looking for less action and more pure exploration should look elsewhere."
,Recommended,257850,22275896,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Sertii,"Excelent game, only problem with this game is that if you don't spend a significant amount of time searching for all the secrets, it's somewhat short."
,Recommended,257850,22223962,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Magenta,"Only played 2 hours so far, no tutorial, no story prologue, nothing.And by god am i loving every ♥♥♥♥ing second of it."
,Recommended,257850,22179842,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,hrcnfloyd,"Visually stunning, hard as hell, no stupid words, just enigmatic visual storytelling and finely tuned game play. It's inspiring."
76561198064439251,Recommended,257850,22216627,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,SeLveX,"Can get annoying if you don't know where you are going. Just go up first, then right, then left then down.Combat is good fluent and quick.I didn't feel like this game was very hard, it was challenging and that's a good thing. Boss fights were really quick. Either you die quick or they die quick. The combat feels really good.The last section of the game felt like the best. Every step filled with enemys, many bossfights and the final boss fight was very good.6hr gameplay is maybe not enough for 20€ though. Updates are coming."
,Recommended,257850,22525130,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,"SuperJer [Linux ""Hipster""]","This game came as real surprise.  It wasn't on my radar.  I hadn't even heard about it, then the other day it shows up in New Releases.  The trailer hooked me, as it looked like exactly my type of game, and I bought it without hesitation.Now once I started playing the game, it became clear that it was meant to be quite challenging, and I struggled with it at first.  I'm not terribly good at the sorts of games that list “high difficulty” among their selling points.  The game was still gorgeous, the atmosphere perfect, but I was frustrated by how often I died, and how easily an area with few basic enemies could kill me.  This further upset me, because I really wanted to see the whole game, and at first, it didn't seem like a game I would ultimately enjoy playing through.It didn't take me long, however, to start to get into the rhythm of the game.  Muscling my way through an area became very rewarding.  The checkpoint system is forgiving enough that you're never sent back too far, and the maps are FULL of secret areas with just the thing you need when you're getting kicked in the jimmies.  I had upgraded a few things (I started with the health packs.  Don't spend it on them, get sword or dash upgrades first) and was generally clearing most areas on the first or second try.Then came the first boss fight.  I said, “Hell yeah, I'm up for this!”  Twenty tries later, I was ready to fling my Steam controller through the TV.  I'd barely made a dent in his health.  I was furious, and far more aggravated than I had been hours ago when I first started the game.  I pretty much gave up on ever seeing the end of the game, and I put it down for several days.It occurred to me later that there didn't seem to be anything really preventing me from going and exploring other places.  The map is divided into 4 sections (each with its own boss) with the starting city in the middle, and it turns out that at the beginning you can go visit 3 of them.  There doesn't even really seem to be any set order they need to be done in, and you can really complete most of each area without actually beating any of the bosses.So now it's on.  I'm exploring every nook and cranny of the map, looking for cards (? whatever the upgrade currency is called) and spending them.  There are so many cleverly hidden (and sometimes beautiful) spots, and finding them is almost reward enough, but they also always contain health packs and/or cards.The variety of enemies is very impressive as well.  Most enemies are pretty weak, and go down with just a few slashes, but most of them can jump and move around almost as well as you, and it only takes a few of them to really crank up the challenge.  It's pretty thrilling to find yourself in the middle of an ambush, hopelessly slashing, flinging yourself around dodging and positioning for an advantage, and then coming out by the skin of your teeth.So having spent some time honing my play style and upgrading the protagonist, I made my way back to the first boss.  No doubt about it, he was still fairly challenging, but on my first attempt I had taken out a fair bit of his health before dying.  I persevered, and after about 5 more tries (each a little better than the last) I beat him.  Now I'm 37 (I'm not old), and I'm a little ashamed to say I was jumping up and down in my living room like a little kid.This was turning out to be among the best gaming experiences I'd had.  I had almost given up more than once, but I think that's what helped give me such a great sense of accomplishment upon returning and completing a given challenge.  I'm real glad I stuck with it through the end.  The setting is amazing, the world is vibrant with life and danger, and the trials and rewards along the way are a near perfect balance.Aside: The issues with difficulty that others are claiming are likely due to the unidirectional way we tend to play our games.  Having trouble with an area or a boss?  Go elsewhere for a while.  It'll still be here when you get back, and you'll be better equipped to handle it next time.The developers have also been very involved in the post-launch playtesting.  Not just for fixing bugs, but they've been engaged with us players tweaking and adjusting gameplay and taking our suggestions and concerns to heart with fast-turn-around updates.  They all deserve a major high-five.Edit:  New Game Plus is not what you think.  It's much harder.Another Edit:  Since I wrote this review, they have updated the game with couch-coop.  Playing it with a buddy is even more fun, and the way they implement it reveals an interesting dimension to the protagonist that I find intriguing.  It's not just that they added a second player, they actually put some thought into the story implications of having another character onscreen.  Superbly done."
76561197994959218,Recommended,257850,30965454,Posted: 5 April,all,chaosavy,"Believe the hype!Amazing game - but more or less requires you to get past the begining ""what do I do? where do I go? what's going on?"" type intro.For the most part I only have two gripes -I beat the game (though I didn't 100% it) and don't really know what's going on - so the story could have been a bit less vague.The game teaches you to try going into every corner to see if there might be a path there - because sometimes there are hidden paths. So often you end up licking walls to see if something's there.Both of these gripes are minor - and there's a great deal of coolness to the mystery of it, and a great feeling of satisfaction when you do find hidden paths. So I guess it just had to be this way more or less."
,Recommended,257850,30959803,Posted: 5 April,all,Parzival,Two Words...Dark souls.I give an 8/10 heres why...Pros:-Good tutorial and learning curve.-Interesting combat system(s).-A variety of enemies.-Hard to complete.-Good story.-Nice variety of outfits and weapons.Cons.-Can get boring with so much to find.-The unknown story may provocate some players.-Gets super repetetive after 20 hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,257850,22333461,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,S0L4R_ST06M,9.5/10Its a really great game and i thought it would've been better if it was longer but Still GREAT game
,Recommended,257850,33065133,Posted: 30 June,all,Barry the Bounty Hunter,"Beautiful, charming and challenging.This game has really great mechanics like a dash sorta thing that's very similar to the dodge roll from Enter the Gungeon, a very interesting gun mechanic and challenging combat like Dark Souls. Not to mention the mysterious, beautiful world. This game has it all."
76561198154539862,Recommended,257850,33106072,Posted: 1 July,all,Goatboy,"A fantastic, beutiful, top down beat em up with Zelda style exploration. The combat is fast and fun, and some of the bosses gave me a real challange.The story is fairly abstract and made about as much sense to me as MGSV:The Phantom Pain, but that didn't take away.I highly recommend this game. Use a controler if you can."
,Recommended,257850,32945352,Posted: 28 June,all,Yaya's Thai Food,"Let me start this review by stating that I did believe that this was the much anticipated sequel to The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift. I was confused and excited by the idea of an interactive video game sequel to the best racing movie of the 2000s. However, I soon found that this ""game"" had nothing to do with drifting, or Tokyo. Why did none of the characters from the original return? Where were the sweet wheels? What's up with that little robot thing that follows you around? I needed answers, but I couldn't even beat the first level because I have only been playing racing games for the past 11 years in anticipation of Hyper Light Tokyo Drifter. I am recommending this game to support the writers."
,Recommended,257850,28131426,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ｍａｒｔｙ－ｏ,This game is absolutely incredible if you don't mind facing a great deal of challenge. Definitely try this game out if you like this genre of games.
76561198139235652,Recommended,257850,33214130,Posted: 3 July,all,sir_lami,"It's a masterful blend of addictive gameplay and beautiful asthetics. This game heavily believes in the ""Show, don't tell"" with its pictonary story dialogue. The gameplay is addictive, and with each bonus you get, it only get's better. While the story had an enjoyable ending, I wished for more; more places to see, more people to meet, more dangers to face. All because everything came together so well. Granted, I went through many deaths to learn how to fight, but once learned, it stuck with me even when playing other games (wishing to dash around an enemy in one game or weild my favorite hand-held shotgun in another). All in all, it is well worth the money."
,Recommended,257850,31782566,Posted: 16 May,all,fisherking,I love the art style.  It is an eye ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561197971887144,Recommended,257850,22194749,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,hi im bob,"If you're even remotely interested in this buying this game, just do it. You won't regret it.My biggest problem now is that I can't stop playing it!"
76561198036647304,Recommended,257850,29709219,Posted: 4 February,all,SexyWoodenSpoon,"12/10, above and beyond expectations a must buy.It takes a little while to get used to the mechanics and gameplay, but once you've familiarized yourself it will soon become a favorite.  Masterful mechanical design, masterful sound design, masterful art, masterful story and narative flow.  All these without a lick of dialoge, the story suductively teases you along with just pictures and music.  If I was to compare it with anything I'd say its the love child of a Dark Soul - Transistor love night.  If I knew it was going to be this good I'd have sent a message back in time to the previous me to buy it no matter the price!!   I expect great things of these creators and will follow them doggidly on anything they come up with from now onwards!12/10, above and beyond expectations."
,Recommended,257850,22362512,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Colonel Cupcake,"TL;DR: Very fun game, absolutely worth the money. Challenging, without being ridiculously hard.I got this game because it looked very atmospheric and chill in the video. While the game is very beautiful, and has some atmospheric(ness) to it, it's definitely not very chill (which is fine). It can be quite challenging and nerv wrecking at times. The map was not done very well and can cause some headaches sometimes with figuring out where to go. So prepare to explore alot. Also, this game has no text in it. Meaning, no characters talk to you with text (only images) and the upgrades aren't described well. The upgrades not being described well is pretty annoying when you're first getting the hang of the game, but you'll figure it out eventually. All in all, absolutley worth buying. You'll enjoy it, I promise!Pros:Great soundtrackVery fun gameplayCool graphicsGreat controlsCons:Crashes once ever 2 hours or soDifficult to navigate with the mapUpgrades not explained well"
,Recommended,257850,28502500,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Oran,"When I got Hyper Light Drifter, I had been waiting months for it.I'd seen a good portion of the game played out.I'd seen maybe a 100th of the secrets found.I thought it would be one of my favorite games.Well, I'm pleased to say that after nearly 100%ing the game (I'm missing 2 gearbits which I'll find sometime later) and around 70 hours played, it is now my favorite, knocking Bloodborne down to #2. Here are the reasons why you may or may not find the same experience. A + means positive for me, a ~ means neutral for me, and a - means negative for me. You might think differently.+Every death is the player's fault. Doesn't matter what did it, it's possible to beat the game without losing a hit point.+The secrets are REALLY hard to find without a trained eye.+Bosses have a clear pattern which, even if you read it perfectly, can still catch you off guard.+It has fast paced combat.+The world feels like it fits together perfectly, yet incorporates a bunch of different environments.+It's full of synthesized music (electronic? Dunno what to call it)+There's no voice acting in the game, it's all images and environmental.+Outfits have effects, and you only need 1 of the 3 pieces to each (excluding a few) set to get the full yield!+There are control setups for PS4 & Xbox controllers, as well as Mouse and Keyboard.~The outfit that doubles your stamina (making most stamina-consuming moves plentiful in combat) is set behind an annoying challenge. This outfit is almost required for certain challenges (namely NG+, deathless combat).~Some areas go full bullet hell. (These are mostly secret areas, where projectiles are all over the screen)~New enemies are introduced simply as enemies. Some areas seem impossible at first, and take a bit to get used to.~You will die a LOT in challenge areas. Without experience, you'll die a lot everywhere actually. With practice you might never die.~Playing without a guide or checking each room at a snail's pace will mean you probably missed something.-Both the Drifter (player character) and enemies are nigh invisible behind certain buildings, like pillars in a certain challenge zone. It makes it EXTREMELY difficult to survive behind things the player can't see past.-Some areas have cliffs that aren't in view of the player. So you walk behind something and fall to your doom! (Lost 1 hp)-The natural feel of some upgrades is interrupted by certain limits. Once you're used to or even a master of the controls, these still feel a bit clunky and can mess you up. List:After dodging three times (excluding chain dashes) there is a small waiting period before you may dash again.The Sword Dash has VERY precise controls, and is easy to fail. Near walls it doesn't go through enemies like normal.Grenades throw out with the accuracy of a bullet, but easily bounce off of stuff. You might want to bounce one past a corner, but without hyper-adjusting you'll simply bounce it into the hall and it'll stay there.-Some save areas cannot be triggered twice, or require some extra trigger to cause again. This can set you back a LOT with a death.I hope this was informative and helpful in deciding whether or not you should get the game, and to those who share my views, I whole-heartedly recommend this game."
76561198009584860,Recommended,257850,28538119,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Toxoplasma,"This is an excellent game. The sword slashing in Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, and the gun mechanics with swappable loadouts feel very similar to Bastion or Nuclear Throne. The dash mechanic is also very fun to use, once you mater it.There is a significant amount of content that has entertained me for more 20 hours on my first playthough, and Im not done with the extras. This game has some nice puzzles and mini gmaes, including a really difficult horde mode. This game also has a TON of optional collectibles and a hard mode that unlocks when you beat the game, which can keep you busy for hours.My only complaint is that the upgrade system and loadout options were difficult to understand without looking at guides, and I had to be careful about spoiling parts of the game for myself. The minimalist art style, which is actually very beautiful, bleeds into the menues, leaving the player with no text to explain anything,"
,Recommended,257850,23863352,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Latté,"Well-designed, challenging, and beautiful, Hyper Light Drifter is a phenomenal experience!"
,Recommended,257850,22870706,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Gluten Free Pretzels,"I personally cant say I made it too far into the game, encountering two bosslike enemies that I was unprepared for, but this game is fun and mysterious, where stuff is always happening and you must figure it out. I really enjoy playing this"
76561198175706467,Recommended,257850,33056287,Posted: 30 June,all,AwGeezRick,Absolutely love this game and I 100% recommend this game
,Recommended,257850,33143076,Posted: 2 July,all,danceninja,"Solid game. Think old-school, top-down Zelda, but with better combat mechanics. Story is up for you to discover, but you get enough information to get an idea."
76561198145894940,Recommended,257850,32623352,Posted: 21 June,all,Littlefreak100,An incredibly poetic story dealing with themes of ruin and illness.
,Recommended,257850,22403809,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Cable,"Flawless gameplay and art, but quite difficult. Great for people who like hard and fast 3rd person action games like Devil May Cry, Ninja Gaiden, Otogi etc."
,Recommended,257850,31838782,Posted: 19 May,all,slloydrob,"I left this game uninstalled in my library for quite a while after I got it. It was just one of the reccomended games to get during a sale. It's hard to get a feel for what playing Hyper Light Drifter is like by watching videos. This game is one of the most artful, challenging, and downright fun games that I've ever had the experience of playing.I'd compare it to Shovel Knight, Monster Hunter, Bastion, and the Legend of Zelda series. Mostly Zelda and Bastion, but not in a clone sort of way. The setting is beautiful (admittedly, the color palette could have been a little broader, but it's got a color theme for a reason I suppose) and the soundtrack goes right along with it. Hyper Light Drifter doesn't feel the need for a hand-holding plot development, but it still manages to feed you plot jellybeans just often enough to be interested in the world.The controls can feel a bit finnicky, but that's really just because I'm still getting the timing down. It's a functional, clear combat system but it never gets boring, because each area is different and uniquely challenging. They're almost all challenging, though, so be warned: This game isn't for the faint of heart. If you don't like dying 20 times against a boss before you get its strategy and your counterstrategy in place, Hyper Light Drifter might not be for you."
,Recommended,257850,33259565,Posted: 4 July,all,A Friendly Rapist,"I love this game. The graphics look amazing, the gameplay is always interesting (especially when you buy sword upgrades), and the game is difficult enough to give a challenge. The ambient music gives a fantastic atmosphere and is just an overall good soundtrack. I recommend this game completely and wholeheartedly, especially if you're like me and are looking for awe-inspiring stylistic graphics."
76561198128496212,Recommended,257850,33259590,Posted: 4 July,all,hey whos behind me,"First off, let me state this: I wasn't sure if I wanted to get this game or not. Personally, these types of games aren't usually my shtick. But oh boy was I wrong.I shall now state the many pros, and very few cons I found while playing this game.Pro: Beautiful, wonderous, and exciting world. The game world managed to keep my interest througout the 13 hours it took for me to complete the main storyline, and it still keeps it to this day. The visuals are absolutely breathtaking, as I found myself just standing in awe at the major set pieces. I remember this one scene of a mountainside with some giant creature laying on the side of it, and I was like, ""Holy crap."".Pro: Fantastic music. From the random tunes that would start playing, to the intense, heart-pounding music that would help you feel unstopable during a major fight, this game's soundtrack is amazing. I'm even planning on buying the soundtrack for this game, it's that good.Pro: Great exloration. I would clear a dungeon, and maybe find a trinket. MAYBE. Then, I'll find my way back there after a while, and take a greater time exploring the place, and find something really important like a key, an outfit, or a monolith, hanging off to the side of a hidden room. That would bring me a feeling of intense euphoria, which would drive me to continue in my journey.Pro: The story. I've heard many people complaining about the story, saying how it's vague, and difficult to decipher. But I have to say that's a good thing, but mainly for this game. I think the way to figure out the story coming in the form of various monoliths and visual conversations was a good idea for this game, as it kind of fits the character's role of an explorer, and sort of a detective in that sense. Plus, it leads to many talented community members putting together the pieces of a much, much grander story than the game lets on.Pro: The intense, Dark Souls like combat. Oh boy, I'm excited to talk about this. The first time i encountered a creature, it was this big, flower-bull thing that would lunge at me, requiring me to dodge at just the right moment to avoid taking huge damage. I didnt succeed the first couple of times, but then I learned I should dodge to the side right when I heard it's hiss. This new-found skill of mine helped me througout the game. I could adopt new skills, and abilities to aid me in my quest, from abilities like a sword dash that would behead anything I came into contact with, to a shotgun that fired diamonds. I even had multiple moments that made me feel like an action hero: dodging, and dashing through countless enemies, while delivering many a final blow. The boss battles were fun, engaging, and wonderfully different. And, when I struck them down, a wave of fulfillment, and satisfaction came over me.Con: Random parkour glitches: I would be running along an edge of a casm, and find a tree blocking my path. So, out of the need for exploration, I dashed around the tree, but was somehow stuck behind it. After a little bit, I was able to get out by spamming dashes.Con: You can't kill the same boss (except the final boss) more than once in the same playthrough. Just thought I should let you know. This might be kinda a bit of a dealbreaker for some, I really didn't find it that big of a problem, especially because the base combat is just so much fun.All in all, this game is a must have. Get it. Do it. Do it NOW. I cannot believe how happy I am with my purchase. It is a stellar game, filled with wonderful exploration, great story, and joyous, joyous, combat."
,Recommended,257850,33260113,Posted: 4 July,all,Whipptron,"Hyper Light Drifter is a classic. It has some of the same indie sensibilities and presentation of a game like Fez, and playing through it gives a very similar feeling to playing a link to the past. The graphics are very simple, but the game has remarkably good color choice and an excellent atmospheric soundtrack.The standout element is the incredibly tight combat which is fast and decisive and has 100% commitment to the concept of ""Tough, but fair."" It's completely possible to clear a tough room with a dozen tough enemies or boss without a scratch, and it's also possible to lose half your health to a couple of low level enemies if you're careless.As far as cons: The overall story and the lore of the world are very vague, but even if you only pay a little attention it's at least clear why you're challenging the bosses of each of the games four areas. It didn't bother me, but I could see someone being bothered by it.The exploration leaves something to be desired. This game is similar in many ways to link to the past, but in link to the past exploration is done by using new tools acquired from dungeons. There is some of that in Hyper Light Drifter, with switches that can only be hit with a special rifle, or areas that need the chain dash to get past. However, for the most part the exploration in Hyper Light Drifter is about keeping a sharp eye out for hidden doors, and rubbing your character against the edges of every screen looking for secrets. I did find myself wishing that the exploration was a bit more metroidvania like, but that is my only complaint with the game.Excellent combat, excellent visuals, excellent soundtrack, excellent atmosphere, vague but interesting story, good exploration that can get tedious at times. If that sounds like your game, then I highly reccomend it, you owe it to yourself."
76561198282527889,Recommended,257850,33280862,Posted: 5 July,all,Gold Five,"Wow! What can I say, this game is amazing. I didn't know what to expect when I started, but now I cant stop. The graphics are stunning and the story is gripping,  and the gameplay is well designed. What more could you want from an RPG!?!"
,Recommended,257850,33232438,Posted: 4 July,all,ItsInflux,"Fantastic pixel art, Thrilling combat system, Stunning storytelling through visuals. Overall a great game and definitely worth a play."
,Recommended,257850,33242797,Posted: 4 July,all,DeepSeaSpaceMan,This is something special.
,Recommended,257850,28551348,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ph00n,Great game. Immersive.
,Recommended,257850,28886726,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,AiiR,"Very fun and atmospheric game.If you like both fast-paced, semi-challenging combat and exploration, this is the game for you.The use of sounds and music throughout the game really makes it immersive, and the vibrant colors in each area give the game a rather unique look.The game's story can be completed rather quickly once the player gets familiar with the controls but there's also a lot of hidden secrets and areas (even minigames) you can find, if you spend a little more time with the game.There's no (comprehensible) dialogue in the game, and the player has to figure out the story themselves with the help of NPC's giving clues through pictures and observing the environment itself. You could compare it to Dark Souls but with even less ""tutorials"".It's definitely worth the price, in my opinion. And if it's on sale, I would even recommend it as a must-buy."
76561198049114358,Recommended,257850,26916204,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fake_y,Do you like dashing? I like dashing.
76561198025602405,Recommended,257850,26705744,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,TDM. The Sun,"This game is sooo damn good. If you like metroidvanias, hack-n-slashers, and great atmosphere (reminds me of Monument Valley), this is a must-buy. The controls are tight, the graphics are beautiful, and the gameplay will force you to channel your inner ninja and become a blur of slashes, shooting, and bombs to slay all in your path.My only real gripe is the story. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for a vague story that you have to piece together through little hints and details, but I think this game forgot the ""piece together"" part. Even when you're fighting the final boss you don't really have a good idea of what it is and why you're fighting it.Regardless, my minor story gripe is vastly overshadowed by the incredible gameplay and fantastic atmosphere. Definitely recommend this one."
,Recommended,257850,28461131,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Aemetta,"I never thought I'd get into a twinstick roguelike, but this game is just too perfect.  The combat feels way too good to become frustrating to me like happens with most games.  A couple of combat scenarios tripped me up enough to where I died about a dozen times, but it never felt like it was the game's fault I wasn't doing good at it, which kept pushing me forward until I did beat them, which always felt good.  Each enemy is completely unique, and in addition all eight bosses had a classic attack pattern that never felt too overwhelming and could be figured out and overcome.  There aren't a billion stats to keep track of, like in some action-RPGs, and I didn't have to keep track of meters all over the screen like in RTSes.  For the most part I was only thinking about how many enemies were around me/where they were, and how much health the enemy I was fighting had.  I didn't have to glance up at the HUD to know I was low on health, because there are auditory and visual clues.  There are also other gauges like stamina and ammo, but I hardly ever thought about it.  You can upgrade your weapon's ammo capacity so that's not an issue, and the stamina thankfully only applies to special moves that you buy.  Point is, the game lets you focus on one thing at a time so the skill doesn't rely on any sort of multitasking ability, and I am infinitely grateful for that.  This game made me realize that my problem isn't with action games but rather with the other genres that are typically paired with action.  You don't need any prior experience to become a master.This game has beautiful graphics and wonderful sound design.  There's just no way to really capture it in words.  It's full of bright colors, but it's never overwhelming and nothing feels out-of-place.  It has pixel graphics, but not in the sort of way that a lot of games use ""retro"" graphics as a crutch for lacking skill.  Rather, this feels like each and every set piece was hand-painted, and later rendered into a style where everything is aliased; if you're playing at a 1:1 resolution to the source, you may be tricked into saying so.  It really doesn't seem to be trying to emulate an old graphic style, yet it achieves its own unique style that completely works for it.It's set in an open-world environment where you can go at your own pace.  There's no shortage of collectibles hidden throughout, as you'll find not a single room that doesn't have anything hidden somewhere.  But don't worry about finding them all on your first pass.  Only after beating the game did I pick up on the biggest visual clue that a secret is nearby.  And there are plenty of guides to help you out.  After going through the starting area, you're put in a village with some shops.  You can see what sort of stuff you can buy and start to think about it.  But you'll head off in one of four directions.  It doesn't matter which, really, the first one will be the hardest of the three as you haven't picked up on skills or gotten any upgrades yet.  That's fine, though.  If you happen to go south, realize that area's only unlocked after the other three.  I went right at first because it's my natural tendency, and happily it's the direction that gave me the weapon I've been using ever since.  I'm so happy this game achieved a good open-world feel to it, where I feel like I'm advancing through the world rather than the game pushing me forward as most linear games tend to go.The only thing this game is missing is online co-op, but considering the nature of it in this game hotseat co-op is completely natural and I don't expect online play of any sort to be added anytime soon.  I don't know how restrictive the Game Maker engine is anyways, I don't think it has network support of any kind."
,Recommended,257850,28929576,Posted: 1 January,all,I 3AT PANCAK3S,"Wonderful Game, music is great and plays like a samurai jack version of the old Legacy of Goku games on GBA. Would recommend for people who like dungeon rpg's."
,Recommended,257850,31173936,Posted: 16 April,all,Horrorbear,"I purchased HLD for the mood only, I didn't think the game could be so challenging !Positive+ Pixel graphics+ Atmosphere (colour mood+ost)+ Challenging gameplay & epic fights+ Dashes+shotgun babyNegative- Unlock all the monoliths and modules don't reveal anything more on the character's past or anything else (just achievement pleasure...)And that's all, a very cool game, beautiful, I highly recommend =)"
,Recommended,257850,31183549,Posted: 16 April,all,Lo0mis,"Like OG Zelda set in a very mysterious alien world. Music and sound design were fantastic. The aesthetic may be a bit subjective, as I was initially turned off a bit by it. However I got used to it and eventually grew to love it. The timing required on the double dash skill was really challenging for me, and even though I got better at it, it remained frustrating throughout. It’s definitely not bad enough to make me not whole-heartedly recommend this game to anyone though (it’s more than likely my lack of skill anyways). Love this game!"
,Recommended,257850,24840467,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Traitor,"This game is one of, if not THE MOST frustrating game I've ever played. I was brought to my absolute boiling point numerous times during my playthough, especially while trying to beat the last boss (for the second time, becuase the game crashed during the credits).HOWEVER, Hyper Light Drifter is smooth, fun, fair, and incredibly pleasing to look at. Though I had more of an interest in simply beating the game, there is a suprising ammount of content. There's a lot of secrets to be found, guns to shoot, and quite a few outfits to boost your drifter in some way. Alternate paths to find gear bits, keys to open doors, and even a horde mode of sorts.All in all, I would definitely recommend this wonderful game. Plenty to do, plenty to get mad at, and plenty to have fun with. Do yourself a favor and get this game. Hyper Light Drifter is as much of an experience as it is a kick♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Recommended,257850,28686448,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Turnt Alien.exe,"Great soundtrack, gameplay, and art style."
76561198052724933,Recommended,257850,25901827,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Boyz_Noize,Отличный пиксель артРеиграбельностьСвои фишки (много фишек)КоопПомесь темных душь и зельдыGOTY 10\10 IGRA GODA
76561197975845573,Recommended,257850,29974206,Posted: 16 February,all,Auxx - redorkulator,"Atmospheric gorgeous game, low on the tutorials, fast fun gameplay and a decent difficulty curve. I would also reccomend looking into the creator of this game and his motivation."
76561198043777294,Recommended,257850,29972134,Posted: 16 February,all,ahkent,this game is dank afzelda without the boring♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,257850,27294681,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,twiggy,12/10 exceeding my high expectations
76561198056162281,Recommended,257850,27580532,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,electrongod25,Great game! Hard in some places but worth the pain.
,Recommended,257850,23190021,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Forty,"This game's controls, visuals, and music are all fantastic. This game is hard enough to where once you get the controls down really well you'll feel like a BOSS. You'll have moments where you think you're a god, and then you hit a place where you get murdered over and over again. If you're thinking about getting this game then just GET IT!"
76561198082029193,Recommended,257850,24323371,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Veare,"Main Explanation: (skip to bottom for quick overview)I picked up this game 1) because i saw it in a video stating its origniality. and 2) because I've had my eye on it for a little while. personally i liked this game you may see that i only have 7 hours when the game costs £15 i did finish the campaign but i didnt complete all the secrets ect. I liked hyper light drifter, quite a lot actually. it requires you to thikn about the story, not a huge huge huge amount but enough to where the story isnt simply handed to you on a silver platter. As for the story it can be a little bit different for everyone because you may infer certain events in different ways. I quite like this aspect of the game because if you have a friend that has also played the game i can garuntee you will end up talking to them about what they think happened, which can lead to an interesting discussion. The gameplay is smooth, espectially the combat which i have to admit is one of the best systems I've seen in a while, making it as equally satisfying as it is challenging. while the game isn't overly difficult you will die, and you will have to try again at some point. Boss battles are especially good in hyper light drifter as they ramp in difficulty as the game goes on and not just in the cheap ""more health, more damage"" cheap difficulty. Things get harder to dodge and move sets get less predictible, you will feel an acomplishment when you down the next one you find. In terms of progression, HLD has a LOT of secrets almost too many infact which would be one of my complaints... if they werent so easy to find most of them. There is a special symbol that appears wherever a secret is to be found, making them rather easy to locate once you get an eye for it. Obviously, you won't see all of them and you will find yourself backtracking to find something a few times while playing. This can be fustrating if you have gone through the same area a couple times and still cant find what your looking for. But if you pull through eventually finding it can feel amazing. Unlockables are a big thing in HLD including weapon upgrads, costumes and firearms. I won't go over all of them as there are too many but there are quite a few for you to find. This adds a lot of depth to the game and finding a hidden costume or gun can help you out a lot in the longrun depending on how it fits your playstyle. The music in HDL is also very good and fits with the game perfectly creating an ominous, mysterious tone, because of this i would also recommend the soundtrack for the game.In the short:Pros:Combat- extremely fluent and fast paced, enough to keep you quick on your feet.Story- while not obvious it does get you thinking and it portrays it in an original way.Progression- it always feels like your getting somewhere in HDL as you always discover things you missed.Music- fits great with the game and helps to immerse you.Cons:Almost too many secrets- towards the end finding a secret feels a lot less like an achievement and more so like a task.Backtracking- this isnt necessarily a bad thing, it can just be a little fustrating when you have been through the same area more than 3 times and still cant find what your looking for.Conclusion:HDL is an interesting, fun take on an RPG adventure game with a story and soundtrack to fit it well.Overall: 11.5/13"
,Recommended,257850,22407518,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,youtube.com/sallet,"Pros:- Great combat mechanics, challenging.- Beautiful art style, everything looks gorgeous and inspired.- Amazing soundtrack.- Doesn't hold your hand, but still intuitive and easy to learn.- Minimalistic storytelling.Cons:- 30 FPS makes it feel clunky and not as responsive. Especially annoying during boss fights.- Minimalistic storytelling."
76561198079339260,Recommended,257850,22805625,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,TOWIIIZ,"Alright, I have to say, this game is great.The Visuals, and sountrack is AMAZING. Sometimes I just stop and listen. It's a breathtaking game.When starting off, things are a little hard as there are no instructions on how to play. So at the begining things will be a little bit hard. I would suggest visiting all areas, then choose where to go.There isnt really a story. There is, but no dialogue, and not text. You basically go to the 4 areas and collect shards, or monoliths. Its pretty simple, but fun. The bosses seem awesome, I have only killed the north one, but the west will be my next, and the rest seem pretty cool.Now, this game, isnt for everybody. Its not your average game, and isnt easy. It can get easier, but not easy so you can brag to all your friends about how good you are. There is not diffuculty change, and some parts will be very frustrating.But otherwise, great game. Im actually supprised at how good this game is, I mean its Heart Machine's first game, and for a first game, its extremely good."
76561198164159226,Recommended,257850,27387130,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,H0lyHitman,"One of best experiences i've had with modern indie games. If you haven't played this, mtreat yourself and give it a play through you wont be dissapointed :)"
,Recommended,257850,27403498,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lorddis,"Love the artsyle, love the musik, love the setting. The only thing i dislike is the way you are introduced to the quest/main story. Its kinda messy and i did not know where to go for the first hour, but once you get the hang of it its a really great and challengeing game. Really like the playstyle and how smooth it runs."
76561197998258260,Recommended,257850,28001172,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Scavanger,"Not only is this game beautiful, but it's also captivating. Only took me about 6 hours to complete the game (at least the main storyline), but I'd replay those 6 hours over and over again but the game is so well made including the story, pixel graphics, game mechanics, and more.10/10 worth every penny."
,Recommended,257850,27549010,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pixelcide,This is honestly one of the best games I've played in 2016. Highly recommend this game:Graphics and quality: 9/10Sound and atmosphere: 9/10story: 7/10Cutscenes showing the story: 10/10Challenging: 8/10
,Recommended,257850,22285158,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,smallsquirrelofdeath,"Vivid, sumptuous, suggestive, and detailed art. Ambiguous, ethereal story. Evocative, atmospheric, perfectly-matched music.Exacting combat, punishing of mistakes, requiring tight timings that naturally develop against the low-level enemies and optional environmental challenges. Bosses that teach strategy and awareness with each death.One of my favorite games."
,Recommended,257850,22299731,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Ice Fox,"I have no idea what this game is about, but it's fun."
,Recommended,257850,24033360,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,pchane3,"Awsome atmosphere, however many micro freeze between each screen break the immersion and its quite irritating...Hope that will be patched"
,Recommended,257850,22231117,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Kniij,"Just finished the game recently. And I have to say that its pretty good! First of all the art style of the game is awesome.I liked most of the areas, especially those areas with machineries and stuff. I would recommend this game to people who misses old adventure and metroidvania kind of games. Games like Castlevania, Megaman, Metroid, etc are kinda absent in today's current gen. But I would guarantee you that Hyper Light Drifter would fill that void in some way. ; ) It is a hard game but a very satisfying experience. And its a good game to play while you're also waiting for Dark Souls 3. Ok now time for bullets!PROS:- The Art style is amazing! It definitely took inspiration from animes like Evangelion and action adventure games of old.- Pixel Art and Animation. There isn't much games anymore with Pixel art. And good thing Hyper Light Drifter is to the          rescue.- The Combat is good also. I kinda felt like I was playing Zero from Megaman Z, but with a isometric view instead.And DASH DASH DASH. If you love Dashing in games you'll definitely love this.- Combat difficulty. Now this game is a bit hard, and I think its trying to appeal to the audience of the Souls Series and      similar games. So if you like hard games. Get this!CONS:- The Game is SHORT! Now this is a mix bag. A lot of people love short games for easy consumption. And a lot of people love long games to have more playtime and enjoy their money's worth. I think I finished it in around 7-8 hours. I want more :(.- The distribution of the health packs along the areas and dungeon was a bit bad. Having a place to store your health packs would've helped. (You might experience reaching the Boss with 1 or 0 health pack, then you would backtrack to get more).- Music. This is a mix bag also. Some people would see this as a PRO rather than a CON; vice versa. But for me the music of the game wasnt good. While it does fit the futuristic techno machine aesthetic and atmosphere of the game, it didnt really capture me. It wasnt really memorable, except for the song during the ending. And Most of the boss battle music wasnt good. Bottom line this isnt the type of game soundtrack you would listen to after playing the game.- Frustrating Platforming. There are certain areas where you need to be quite good at Chain Dashing. While I like the Dashing mechanic in this game, it can be hard and inconsistent at times.Despite its shortcomings. I think its awesome art style and combat is awesome enough to give it a recommendation. There are people who are gonna have trouble with its length, so maybe you can wait for a steam sale before getting this. But I assure you despite it being a short game, it is really good! So why delay it if you can get it now. ;)"
76561198295618845,Recommended,257850,22265640,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Kinky Winky,Why is there no mario?
,Recommended,257850,25767593,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,MR TINY FACE,"A wonderful piece of art. The musical and visual art are composed and coalesced to create amagnificent experience. Lots of hidden extras that you can spend the time to find, or beat the game without ever noticing. The game is difficult, you will die, but it's not Dark Souls hard."
,Recommended,257850,28641462,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,thog,"I bought this game on an impulse. I looked at it, and I thought it looked like an easy, fun way to spend a few hours on a Zelda-like adventure. I was compleatly correct in buying it, but oh so wrong about why. This game is essentially a piece of art. It is elegant, smooth, and simplistic, while also being tough, gritty, and downright difficult. It is truly wonderful.Pros:- Great concept, the dashing mechanic makes your character feel lightweight, making it engaging to dodge attacks.- Gorgeous pixel art, seriously I dont think I've seen a more beautiful game than this in a while. The colors of the different sections of the game have a serious effect on you.For instance, the light greens and the blue of the water in the eastern area make the setting feel free and open, while the dark blues and purples of the west make the area feel repressed and dark.- Wonderful soundtrack, the creative electronic sounds add a certain weight to the music that I haven't heard from anything else.- Tells you virtually nothing except how to execute basic actions. Nothing about where you're going, why you're going, or how you're going. This allows you to create you're own reasons for doing what you do, and to really think about what is really going on. This is an idea that is becoming popular in today's gaming, like Undertale or any of the Telltale games, but this game presents the idea in a different way. Instead of making youchoosewhat you're doing, it makes youwonder whyyou're doing it.Cons:- While the lack of direction in the game is extreamly well done in most places, there's a few things I wish were more clarified. For instance,the goal in the first three areas of the game is to acquire four of these little white diamond things to progress to the boss fight. This is not made clear to the player, and it took me a good amount of time to figure out what was happening and what I was supposed to do. Also, the first three areas can be completed in any order you like, but this was somewhat confusing and it left me with a feeling of doubt as to what I was doing was the correct thing to do.While I found these to be problem areas of the game, I'm sure some people would really appreciate these features, so remember this is only my opinion.- Some of the boss fights, to me, felt much easier than others. I feel like this would be ok, if they approached the game withoutletting you complete the first three areas in any order,but if they implemented that mechanic then they should have balanced the fights more. For example,I completed the first three areas in this order: North, East, then West. Out of those three bosses, the North was the most challenging for me, the West the second, then the East by far being the easiest. The North and West bosses I spent at least an hour to two hours trying to complete, and when I finally beat them I had already memorized all of their attack patterns. However, I beat the Eastern boss in one try, and it barely attacked once before I killed it. It was so easy that I thought for a good thirty seconds that therealboss was going to pop out and kill me. But that was the actual boss. The North and West bosses are probably equal in difficulty, and the North boss was probably harder for me because I fought him first, while with the West I already had experience with the game, but the East boss was just stupid easy.Conclusion: While the cons section may appear thick with critisism, most of that writing is explanations for why I disliked a tiny detail. In all, those details do very little to affect the whole game, which is truly a masterpeice. I strongly reccomend purchasing this game, and I hope to see more from this developer in the future.Verdict: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,257850,28211328,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kilpy,"So even tough it has the multiplayer and coop tags on this game this game does not support online multiplayer, only the local ones. Great game tough."
,Recommended,257850,28271501,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,BORN2DIE,"It now runs at 60fps and my eyes can finally play this without bleeding. Which is great because it is a beautiful and fun game. Only problem now is that I am going to miss the endlessly long ""we need 60fps""-thread on the forum."
76561198132535962,Recommended,257850,22494847,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Hey_Brownbear,Amazing almost dark souls like game. I just bought it and have already clocked on 3 hours of playtime. The games art and music is just perfect to set the tone and the way it tells the story is something im really interested in. Get this game
76561198168678151,Recommended,257850,25859870,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Nuggethead,Great game...found it during a time when I wasn't enjoying many games anymore and it delivered10/10
76561198358593440,Recommended,257850,32104901,Posted: 1 June,all,MiniLaz,Amazing gameplay . Beautiful graphics and Challenging fights this game is amazing.
,Recommended,257850,32121327,Posted: 1 June,all,Ristanater,"An amazing game. The game manages to tell an amazing and rich story without using a single word. The combat is fluid and the controls are crisp. With many secrets to find, this game makes an amazing play."
,Recommended,257850,22263238,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,AndryGoat (Ally),"TL;DR Version:? Is locked on 30fps (A lot of people have a problem with this, I and my group of friends do not. If this is a problem for you, you should not play)+ Game has solid controls- Has had issues with mouse and keyboard+ Game has amazing Visuals and atmosphe+ Interesting Bosses and overall enemy types- Has had major bugs- The map sucks+ Combat is fun+ Difficulty is as many said ""Right on the edge, but never going into ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T levels""+ Lots of oppurtunity for exploration.Long Version:First off don't let the few hours on my steam profile make you think I don't know what the heck I'm talking about with this game. I previously bought the GOG version clocked in roughly 12 hours on the game, and have actually completed it but not 100%.Take yourself back to the age of the Super Nintendo, back when games were starting to be both very visually appealing and fun. This game is a lot like an older Nintendo game, but it flows better than most older games. The inputs and combat are very solid. Not perfect I have been hit by an enemy I should have killed when I finished my sword swipe, more than a few times, but the issues with combat are very minor. They never left me in a position where I would die.The visuals and atmosphere of this game are absolutely amazing. I will be honest I only bought this game because the pixel art for it looked stellar. I was not displeased with any of the art throughout the game. Every level, every enemy, ever character, item, ect. has so much personality and detail put into it. I think this game is one of the most beautiful pixel art games I have seen in years, and hope this is the start for indie developers to pick up their pixel art game. (Not knocking indie companies, since many of them are tiny with few resources. I just hope more indie games start looking this good.)The story is honestly a little hard to follow since nobody in the game talks with words. Instead we are given more amazing pixel art to look at. I feel as though each person is supposed to see these pictures and take away what they want with those as the game goes on. I do know you are a Drifter and you have to fight a bad monster or the world will properly end, but not much esle besides there's another Drifter with a tragic life. Now I haven't 100% the game so there might be plenty of story goodies with finding more things in the world. I feel a little more given to the player would help the story tremedously, but then again a lot of older games had little to no real story in the actual game.The bosses and enemy types are great. The first time a new enemy jumps you, you might get your butt kicked, but over time you learn how this enemy fights and can defeat him. Many compare this to Dark Souls and claim its difficulty is better or worse than Dark Souls. Now I could go into detail on how they are fundamentally two vastly different games overall and the only similarity between them is the player is expected to learn enemy behavior to take advantage and defeat that enemy, but I'll simply say the challenge in this game is very reasonable. I mean if you die, no matter how many times, to a boss you literally respawn right outside the boss room to try again. The only thing that gives me a problem are the traps and that's just because I'm an idiot with the dash ability.This game is locked at 30fps. If this causes you issues, don't buy this game.In conclussion I think this game is great and hope there is more to come with this setting. I give this game a 9/10 due to some issues with how the game controls on PC and some of the early bugs. Oh yeah the map to this game is pretty vague and overall hard to understand. It wasn't bad enough for me to give it a negative since I never used the map except to get a basic idea where I was a couple times.Besides those things this game is quite great if you are looking for a game with good challenge and a lot of great exploration."
76561198007197731,Recommended,257850,22265812,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,King Quail,"This game is lean, beautiful, and aural, In a world filled with over wrought experiences, Hyper Light Drifter is here to rescue you."
,Recommended,257850,22262211,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ArronRiley,"An amazing game. Beautiful pixel graphics, great combat, no hand holding, challenging bosses (and enemies in general), and secrets tucked in every corner. and within themselves. There are seriously secrets hidden in the secrets. The story is told through a few amazing pictures which replaces any form of text or speech from other NPC's. This is a game where you fight through the story and have a great time and certainly your moneys worth of content (if not a bit shy) and then once you start finding secrets the world really opens up as you gain access to new rooms, and even an arena. You can find several customizations for you character, his cloak and sword, and robot companion. The combat is simple but very fast and exciting, slashing, dashing, and shooting a variety of guns. Plenty of upgrades to buy aswell. Just go buy the game already.Drifted through hyperlight/10"
,Recommended,257850,28470082,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Suppaz,"Buying this game might be the best thing I have EVER done!This game is truely a masterpieceEverything is just on f****ng point!It´s the most beautiful game that I have ever played! (Screw Abzü)The mechanincs is very satisfying, especially when played with a ps4 controller!The game is very rewarding when you succed, but absolutely destroying you when you failBosses are also perfect!They are actually hard, which some people might dislike, but I think it's perfect! I mean they are bosses after all right??Could be longer though, and way too frustrating ending!! (I feel emotionally dead inside because of this ending :((( )10/10 would buy play and cry again ;.;"
,Recommended,257850,27515923,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KleeKitz,"Absolutely stunning. Beautiful visuals, amazing sound and music, the comabt was intuitive and smooth. All around a top quality game, but sadly on an underperforming engine.If it were on a more accesable engine players could and most definitely would mod the hell out of it. New weapons, maps, enemies, quest-lines. It would expand the game's playability ten fold.But that point beside, Hyper Light Drifter is a must-have for anyone in the dungeon crawling scene, or who wants a intense but reserved story."
,Recommended,257850,26916594,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kekstee,"I played this game using a controller after the 60fps Update was released. Don't use the coop feature, it's terrible and just gets in the way of enjoying the game.What should you expect?The game world is a beautiful, mysterious place with some nice variety in its setpieces. There is no fixed path, but a rough map, sub areas and some locked off doors ensure you don't get lost. Just poke at the enemies and feel out where you are comfortable to continue.Combat is fun and follows simple rules. There is a nice rythm to all actions and you will easily notice when you are doing the right thing. You need to learn enemy patterns and will greatly improve during your playthrough. The difficulty is challenging but not unfair.Plenty hidden items turn the downtime between enemies into exciting exploration. (If you want to)Upgrades provide character progression. Plenty upgrade points (and new guns) can be found along the way. They will gradually provide new combat, movement or defensive options.A fitting story is told in sequences and some pictures, mostly left to interpretation.Speaking in terms of other games, imagine you mixed Dark Souls without the clunkyness and RPG elements, and A Link to the Past without puzzle rooms."
,Recommended,257850,27034285,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dante wanna cry ✅,can i download pdf of this story?10/10 would dead again
,Recommended,257850,26932505,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ratboi,Amazingly atmospheric and looks beautiful. You won't lose interest any time soon.
,Recommended,257850,27056097,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jump Gunnington,"Amazing pixels, classic gameplay, and a bizzare soundtrack. You will have to guess as to what the narrative is, as there are no words, written or spoken in the entire game outside of the main menus."
76561198307244165,Recommended,257850,29515122,Posted: 26 January,all,Roddslayer,"So much fun, it definitely hit my Zelda itch with it's own originality."
76561197975932211,Recommended,257850,28864118,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,AF-,Wow.
,Recommended,257850,29126340,Posted: 8 January,all,Get Spooked,"Took about 7 hours to beat the main game without really searching for secrets. Game is difficult but fair, and it's just as fun to play as it is to look at"
,Recommended,257850,29043291,Posted: 5 January,all,Truckin It,Solid game with fantastic pixel art. Got some good music too.
,Recommended,257850,28646065,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Flamennight,"Everything about it is amazing. The atmosphere, the mechanics, the music, the level design, everything! I got chills down my spine during every cutscene because it was so great and the atmoshpere was amazing. And although it might not be the longest game, you'll enjoy ever second of it."
76561197982344238,Recommended,257850,28661730,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Moi,"I'm only a few hours into the game and I love it. I'm gonna play it as slow as possible. the visuals and music are awesome. I love that there is not voice, the game only leaves you a few clues as to who, where you are and what you're supposed to do.  the combat is very challenging but very well balanced when playing with a controller (not impossible with keyboard but will make the gunplay a bit frustrating)and I'll say it again, it seems the game is silent and yet it's a joy to listen at every moment, zelda level sound design, yes I said that ! so enchanting !I'll follow what this dev gets out very closely in the future."
76561198134922773,Recommended,257850,28107394,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,MrBird,"A powerfull game, with difficulty like dark souls, and the adventerous feeling of a zelda dungeon crawler, my hours into this game have been spent well.The music really gives a warm feeling of adventure as the combat is really emersive and face paced. Challanges await in this game, and every step is a feeling of victory, to grab that sweet precious loot.A few minor drawbacks are completley drowned out by the good in this game, all in all, the experience was wonderfullA true recreation of a hack and slash."
,Recommended,257850,26674800,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Blarf,"This is an amazing game...You know when you stumble across a game and think:'You know, this game is pretty cool, it was worth paying the money.'Well with this game you think:'Holy sh*t, this is fu**ing awesome, it was DEFINITELY worth buying that game!'There are a good amount of secrets so it'll promise a longer playtime, the fighting is amazing and you can take whatever direction you want! Wanna start in the left area? You can do it! Halfway through it and you wanna go in the upper area now? Guess what, just teleport back and go there!One of the best things about this game is thePixelart...Everything just looks so awesome! Not only that but the ambiance ist so good!You have a spooky, dark theme in the underground, a friendly and calming theme in the main town, a mysterious theme in the woods and so on...Now I'm not saying that this game no flaws.The framerate seems to drop quite a bit from 60fps to 30fps or even less if you are in the main town or in other bigger areas.Upgrades are HARD to get, but I guess that's just the natural dificulty of the game.A Story is there, though I don't see it... What I'm saying is that the fact that there is NO talking AT ALL makes it very hard to understand what happened here.'Good sir would like an upgrade?' 'Yeah sure what upgrade?' 'I don't know, I just have a little video showing what it can do, without a real discription of what it actual is.'The last point I wann make in favor of this game is it's name... ""HYPER LIGHT DRIFTER""??? THIS IS PROBABLY THE MOST BADASS NAME AFTERDOOM!!All in all, I can just recommend this game to EVERYONE who likes adventure and exploring games!Hope I helped you making the right decision for you, would be bad if you would take theleftdecision... I'm gonna go hang myself now..."
,Recommended,257850,22363743,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Akalabeth,It's kinda like Zelda meets gruelling painful difficulty. 10/10 would subtle furry again.
76561197997627631,Recommended,257850,25777336,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,SukinaShinji,"This game is amazing.  Reminds me of Sword and Sworcery, Fez and Bastion but its more than that. Its like if Hayao Miyazaki directed a SNES game in the early 90s.  Also the music by Disasterpeace is some of his best yet."
76561198086695069,Recommended,257850,22774475,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ZPSO,"never been so hooked by Soundtrack, Development, and gameplay.. this games has the whole package. so enjoyable.The Drifter is a BADASS"
,Recommended,257850,29315245,Posted: 17 January,all,feanor,Best pixel/hack and slash game ever.
76561198198438511,Recommended,257850,27329098,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cleatusjr,"HLD has a unique aproach to story telling, game play and game mech.Its supa dope w an original stylee.has a nice old school feelGG!"
,Recommended,257850,29124583,Posted: 8 January,all,theBIGmack,A powerfully strong title. The art and sound design is unique and puts you into a world worth your time. It has a bit of Dark Souls spice mixed with A Link To The Past. Exceptionally strong combat and secrets really put this into the higher quality of indie games.
,Recommended,257850,29240783,Posted: 13 January,all,darth22345,"This game is one of my all time favourite games. It rivals pony island, the witcher 3 and the pokemon franchise for the top spot. The art is mystical and lends itself to the lack of voice/ text in the story.The gameplay mechanics are perfect. The flagging of attacks from foes allows for combonations of dodges and slashes that create a unique experince akin to that of the souls series. The exploration is fantastic and is made worth while by haveing items and skill points lying around unexpected corners. The boss design brings the combat into it's owns with some non flagged attacks and heavily flagged attacks really immersing you in the combat. The only complaint is that the controls can become a bit loose when using a controller and the game doesn't lend itself well to keyboard and mouse. The upgrade pathes make the combat even more fine tuned and create even more combos.The game has a very small tutorial at the start of the game teaching you the basics. It is a very hands off game in terms of help.The story is hard to follow but is told through little details and a repetion of things. Once you get the flow of it though you will understand it and there are plenty of videos on youtube giving a brief overview of the story.all in all I recommend this game to anyone who loves the combat of the souls series, Exploring lot's as your going to need to and someone who doesn't like long drawn oput tutorials."
76561198063392105,Recommended,257850,29097390,Posted: 7 January,all,west,"One of the best games I've ever played.First of all, it's gorgeous. There's a lot of retro pixel style games out there, but not many are crafted with this quality and attention to detail. Every pixel has been carefully placed. In a game with almost no dialogue at all, the artwork is more than just something to look at - it's a large part of telling the story of this world.Something that goes hand in hand with visuals - the soundtrack. And it is just as good, if not better, than the art. It creates a hauntingly beautiful atmosphere. Again, the attention to detail is astounding. This is a challenging game and you will die often, however, when you do, you'll notice the music doesn't skip a beat, keeping you immersed in your experience.Now, the most important part of any game in my opinion - the gameplay. It really wouldn't matter how beautiful the world was if the game was a chore to play. The game proves it's worth here by matching it's amazing art direction with tight, responsive controls, little to no load times, and zero performance issues. It's not a particularly complicated control scheme, but it's challenging and satisfying to master.Beautiful artwork, superb soundtrack, and challenging gameplay. This game is the real deal and in my opinion a masterpiece. If you're at all interested in these kind of old-school, metroidvainia/zelda-ish kind of games, go ahead and purchase. You won't be disappointed."
76561198239416130,Recommended,257850,28396502,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Lemony,Heart Machine has made a absolute masterpiece of a game! I love it.
,Recommended,257850,27996021,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Soma,"Nominated for ""I thought this game was cool before it won an award"" Award. It's an incredibly beautiful game and also happens to be really fun. Always nice to see an Indie Kickstarter game succeed!"
,Recommended,257850,27711401,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Quentin Tortellini,"I'm definitely going to nominate  The “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award to Hyper Light Drifter.I only heard about this game through a friend who was suggested to play it by another friend. I didn't see it a lot on Steam but this game really did captivate me from the first opening scene.The combat system is different, the art direction is interesting, and just the way the game functioned kept me immersed. The story was also pretty solid, and the progression was satisfying."
,Recommended,257850,28658498,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Rell,"A sort of top-down combat driven dodge-slash-dodge kind of thing.Zip around with a chain dash if you can get the rhythm right, reflect enemy projectiles with a well-timed slash,.A variety of ranged weapons.Lots of stuff to find, look for, and look at."
,Recommended,257850,28608186,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,big titty latina godess,10/10
76561198148993814,Recommended,257850,28620728,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Cyni,the game is so difficult that it improved my dodging skills in dark souls
76561198130686359,Recommended,257850,28735913,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Holy Schmidt,"This is a great game. It's fun, challenging and beautiful. If you are into hack and slash adventures with a little bit more of a challenge, this game is for you."
76561197981507335,Recommended,257850,27774206,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JoofAloof,"Fantastic style and progression. The controls are very fluid and I am a huge fan of the way this game goes about storytelling. In addition, Disasterpeace has done a fantastic job with with the music composition, I highly recommend listening to his work."
76561198037380895,Recommended,257850,30237479,Posted: 28 February,all,Petrichor,"Brutally difficult, but I just couldn't stop playing it.This game is a work of art, and sets the bar very high for all other games in its genre.One run is about 15 hours, with a more difficult NG+ mode unlocked after"
,Recommended,257850,27383848,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nymmiah,"It's beautiful, it's fun, and it's definitely comparable to other amazing games such as Transistor, ABZU and Journey, in which gameplay is synonymous to art, and the player is expected to play the game without much preamble/instruction as most others are. The pastel/pixel style of this game definitely makes it stand out amongst the others in terms of its aesthetic, and the lack of clutter adds to the whole feel-good experience. Just as ABZU and Journey were, both the story and the controls are intuitive as well, and it's very easy to follow what needs to be done next.However, the drawbacks include things such as how insanely difficult the bosses are, and how there's a distinct lack of health packs around to keep you alive while you try to defeat enemies. One wrong button press, and you die, causing you to respawn at the very beginning of the area because the checkpoints are frustratingly spaced out in certain areas.This game's a solid 7/10 overall, rather than a 9 due to the difficulty of the combat. Otherwise, it's an amazing game, and it definitely has replayability value."
76561198038473931,Recommended,257850,30256804,Posted: 1 March,all,Leo (Lokite),"Well what can I say that hasn't been said in every other positive review of Hyper Light Drifter?......Don't forget to floss...It was great, challenging in the right way, enfuriating at times but rewarding when those hurdles was over and done with,"
76561198133685905,Recommended,257850,25387193,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,hattershiara,"Just beat the game and it left me breathless with its beauty. A great experience and I'm sure I'll be soon trying out new game+ in search for more. The style of this whole game is so lovely.The world is immersive and all over supports the gameplay very well. It is addicting to try and explore every nook and granny for the numerous secret areas and collectibles.That being said sometimes I did get lost in the convoluted areas, trying to remember where everything was and where I hadn't yet been. Trying to find all the secrets without a walkthrough proved very difficult.To help these issues I think the map could be better. Coming to a new place, it'd be great if known rooms would have a different color tint to the unvisited ones. Maybe the map could even mark rooms that have been 100% explored, lessening chances of lingering about in wrong places. Might just be my inner completionist here, but I found myself thinking of these things in frustration as I scanned room after room in case I missed something.Still overall those are minor gripes, mostly having to do with my playstyle. In my opinion this game was well worth the price. I actually regret I didn't get it sooner, because it was such an enjoyable ride. Hopefully there's more games in store for us from Heart Machine."
,Recommended,257850,25774651,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Veelq,"I am really glad that now this game is in 60 fps. I want to finish it both alone and in local co-op mode. After first 2 hours I am very pleased. This game is quite difficult yet I relax while playing it. Music is very atmospheric and fits well to the gameplay.Edit after 39hI love this game. Exploration is plessure. Combat is thrilling and fun.Finally, dashing skill is some extra-ordinary mechanics. The Dash Eternal!"
,Recommended,257850,23955380,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sir Feed-a-lot,"It is a beautiful piece of Art. It is a zelda-ish Action Adventure but for grown ups with a pecific retro Artstyle but the difference between typical indie Retro artstyles and this is that Hyper Light Drifter uses this artstyle to really build up a great atmosphere with many wonderful screenshot moments. If you like a challenging, zelda type of Action adventure this is the perfect choice and the Price is reasonable.The game is 100% worth its money and because there are many secrets to discover you also have a motivation to play this game even beyond the story."
,Recommended,257850,23818483,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,duwangang,can't get past killer fungus 10/10
,Recommended,257850,22383682,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,StinkyMoleRat,"A very difficult, rage inducing, but extremly satisfying game with beautiful art and music. Just play it."
76561198076757867,Recommended,257850,22445115,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Damyel,"Take Zelda; add a strange alien setting, some wub wub music, and Bloodborne's combat. Toss it all in a blender and hit start and you get Hyper Light Drifter. The game goes for a more ""artsy fartsy"" approach to storytelling with slide shows instead of text. But oh the hidden secrets, I've found hidden rooms within hidden rooms within hidden rooms. The 30 FPS cap does kill my throbbing erection this game's combat gives me but that's literally my one and only complaint.Verdct: It's slick, it's fast, it's fun and stylish as all hell."
,Recommended,257850,24859996,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,tEO,"its meh, 10/10."
76561198119262919,Recommended,257850,25734915,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,MOCHIMOCHI,"Honestly the onyl complaint I have is the 30 fps lock, but when compared to all of the things I love in this game its not even noticable to the tight fighting mechanics to the enticing sound track (which I have downloaded). It also includes beautiful hand crafted pixel art which is what I consider one of the best. Please buy dis gem ;-;"
,Recommended,257850,25735542,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Stinky Dinky,"I loved the look of this game when i heard about it months before launch, and was super disappointed when I realized it was capped at 30 fps and gave me headaches.With the new 60 fps patch in beta the game is now playable. While I question the decision to develop it in the first place with a 30 fps limit, i give massive props to Heart Machine for listening to their fans and doing the hard work it took to make the game what it should be.Good business practices like this deserve support."
,Recommended,257850,25776221,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Koko,"zip zap pew pew, much graphics, awesome sound track, I hate love this game so much. 5/7 would buy again"
,Recommended,257850,25777931,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Gumby,"Brief, challenging, and rewarding, all thrown together with beautiful art and music.Gameplay was fluid, albeit leaving me felt cheated a few times with seemingly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t deaths, but otherwise very responsive. Something extremely necessary with this sort of pacing.Visually stunning pixel art, with colors and music that truly set the tone. I'm not sure if I'll actually buy the soundtrack itself, but it set the tone of the game incredibly well leaving me very tempted to.The story was not flushed out in the slightest, which I actually really enjoyed. There was no dialogue or exposition throughout the entire game, leaving much to the interpretation of the player. Literally everything is shown rather than told, which gets huge praise from me.My biggest complaints definitely fall with the overworld itself. Busy, poorly mapped, and many times leading to you just falling into the abyss when you just wanted to blink to that dumb little platform literally right in front of you.Overall I'd definitely recommend. Some might complain about the price tag but for how well put together the game is I'd say it's more than justified."
,Recommended,257850,22210206,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,End,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198047983979,Recommended,257850,22224614,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,uberst1g,"Quite an interesting game that kind of throws you in and leaves you to explore and put together bits and pieces of information to help you understand what is going on. I do think that a bit more could have been done to shed light on the story, but I will admit that I am only 3 hours into the game. I love the art style and the smooth gameplay. The ability to dash or ""drift"" in all directions adds a new dynamic to the gameplay and combat and is quite refreshing to see.It is not an easy game. Took me quite a while to defeat the first boss, but it makes winning feel rewarding. Something about this game makes it so addictive. It is one of those games that is easy to pick up and play but hard to master. It leaves you wondering and wanting more."
,Recommended,257850,22292666,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,TheMartianGamer,It's beautiful. . .It's brutal. . .It's satisfying. . .It's a time drainer. . .I will never play hangman the same again. . .
76561198057995936,Recommended,257850,22160808,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ĐA | StarTrix,"I have now beaten the game and would like to give my opinion and reviewHi guys, this game is amazing maybe not a masterpiece but still well worth it. The game is I would say about 10 hours long and this is running it blind and finding some of the secrets in the game and boy there is a ton of them, I would like to give some pros and cons for the game.lets start with some conscons-Bugs-there are still some bugs in the game i think i incountered four through the game, but none of them were super fraustrating for me, but this can take away from the game-difficulty spikes-game has an uneven difficulty that feels strange, some bosses feel super hard, others feel really easy-lack of some additional enemiespros-amazing 2d art- music fantastic-good story-fun combat-skill based-lots of replay ability-new game plusI would definitly still recomend this game and I believe that the bugs will be removed in time so I would consider this game."
,Recommended,257850,28738102,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Neros,"Feels a bit like Zelda with the exploration aspect.Movement and combat feel a little clunky early but it smooths out once you learn how it works and buy a few upgrades in town.Overall fairly simple, but it has enough neat little mechanics and good gameplay to carry it.+art is great+sound is nice+gameplay is good+indirect story and exploration is enjoyable-UI (could be better, but not critical)"
,Recommended,257850,28771276,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,AgentButter,Beautifully crafted and simply wonderful.Wonderful storyline and fluid gameplay.(It's like Dark Souls but in 2D which is cool.)10/10
,Recommended,257850,27048299,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doppelganger,"One of, if not the best, indie games of 2016.Beautifully crafted story of a lone wanderer in a ruined world, that could be interpreted in a hundred ways. Some might be turned off by its lack of written and spoken narrative, but I personally find it the most intricate and masterful method of storytelling.So if you want to delve into a solid 8 hour-adventure that this game is, prepare to be overwhelmed by its gorgeous art and sound."
76561198134757692,Recommended,257850,26643257,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Shenaniganizer,"This game is so good, the fact that that i beat this game in just 2 days made me more sad than the sad ending itself. You guys should buy it. It's amazing.EDIT: 1 week later and I'm still sad I beat it. :("
76561198114622502,Recommended,257850,30824299,Posted: 29 March,all,Kaugv,"Dark Souls difficulty, 2D Zelda combat, and pixelated Studio Ghibli art...Plus lightsabers and laser guns.Disclaimer: just like Dark Souls youneedto play this game on a controller.What stood out to me most was the immersive combat. Unlike most games where you can just pick a weapon and use it, this game requires you to strategically switch between all of your available melee and ranged attacks to be effective. All the while you are dodging around the screen like a ninja since you can only get hit 3-5 times. Luring enemies out one at a time like in Dark Souls rarely works, so you are forced to go on the offensive.This is partially enforced with the ammo mechanic, you have one ammo bar for all your guns which can only be recharged by melee attacks on enemies, (or by vandalism, although much slower), so you can't just pick enemies off one by one.Other pros:- Beautiful, atmospheric, and emotional music.- Mysterious and intriguing world. It is both mystical in a spiritual and technological sense.- Unique and challenging boss fights. Every boss requires a different strategy and has their own unique backstory and design.- There are evangelions!Cons:- You never get to fight the evangelions. This is a huge disappointment considering how great the boss fights were.- The physics in some places is odd, you'll fall off cliffs you can't see, get stuck in odd places, or find youself unable to go behind something you really should be able to. This can be quite jarring when compared to the more polished aspects of the game.- Could have used more puzzles and more things to find. Maybe if you found more weapons rather than looted them from bosses.- Very short. I know some games are meant to be short, but I feel like this game has concepts and mechanics that could be fleshed out into a more expansive game.- 800 dash challenge forces you to use a mouse and keyboard to reasonably complete it. >:("
,Recommended,257850,27524391,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jotamon,"I give this a 9.5/10This is a masterpiece. Once I picked up the controler I couldn't put it down. Heavily reccomended for Dark Souls, and old school Legend of Zelda fans. I just wish that I had been on KickStarter to support this. I will be playing this for years to come.Things this game did wonderfully:-Enemy placement-Platforming-Progression-Boss fights-Information through observance-No hand holding-Combat-Secrets-Currency-Minigames-Upgrades-Story telling-Level design-NG+-Co-op-Music"
,Recommended,257850,31815798,Posted: 17 May,all,ObviouslyHomeschooled,"I've been thinking about it more and more, and I've finally made the conclusion: This is my favorite video game.Ok so I haven't played every video game, you may think of 10 better ones. But this game NAILS color, sound, music, gameplay, and design. Lemme just tell you about the gameplay. It's tricky at first. Also the enemies are relentless. But why the heckle would you play a game with no challenge? Once you unlock some stuff and get a handle on dem controlls, this games 100% a blast. Also EVERY ADD ON IS YOUR CHOICE. It's based on what you want, not on if it ""unlocks"" a part of the map. Another side note, the game is 75% non-linear (there's a final part of the map, but the other three you can beat whenever you want).IGN's top complaint was the ""story"" was lacking. Alright IGN, newsflash - not everything in a game has to be spoonfed to you. That's the whole appeal of the game. The entire story is in pictures, and somewhat subjective. The main ending is SUPER subtle though, and is given away through Disasterpeace's phenomenal soundtrack through the credits.From the gameplay to the linear arcs to the story, nothing is handed to you on a platter in this game; it is completly up to YOU to do everything. And sometime's it's a challenge. And it's 100% fun the entire way through.Can't see why no one would want to play this game, other than they think it's ""too hard."" Grow up cuz real life is hard - this video game helps you grow.Long way to say 10/10 go play this game!!!!!!!"
76561197998712969,Recommended,257850,31692572,Posted: 11 May,all,Zephyon,"I love this game!  I hate that it's the first game in a long time to bring me to the verge of a ragequit.  I knew I was venturing out of my comfort zone with the heavy ""Souls"" influence and I was  doing pretty well until I entered the final quarter.   There just isn't as much to explore in the South as there is in the other areas.  I expected the increase in difficulty.  I just wish there was more to do for a little down time after getting smashed by a boss ... besides going right back up against that boss.  But that's on me, not on the game.Don't let the talk of the ""Souls"" influence and gameplay keep you from trying this game!P.S. (since I can't seem to add a comment) ....If you play and finally beat the last boss, DO NOT skip out on the credits.  You will be tempted because they thank everyone remotely involved in this game.  THERE IS NO SAVE BETWEEN THE FINAL BATTLE AND THE CREDITS!!!  If you bail partway through the credits, you will have to REDO THE FINAL BATTLE!. Don't get me wrong, credits are a good thing.  I was prepared and even interested in watching the game development credits.  Making me sit through all of the kickstarter backers is just wrong. I was looking forward to going back and finishing up collections. Now, I'm too PO'd to play anymore today.:steamfacepalm::steammocking::steamsalty:"
,Recommended,257850,32649878,Posted: 22 June,all,Gyro,"One of the most beautiful and well made games I have ever played. It's clear that the inspiration for this game came from the Zelda franchise, and that's what makes it amazing. It has the vibes from a Zelda game, while just being pure eye-candy, I would recommend this game to anyone with a spare 20 dollars."
76561198258446364,Recommended,257850,32703409,Posted: 23 June,all,masonic_rex,"I have to say, this is one of my favourite indie games of all time. The soundtrack is amazing, and the pixel art is incredible. gameplay is challenging but rewarding.the only thing I may complain about is sometimes exploration can be a little confusing.Overall, 9/10. A work of art"
76561197993572572,Recommended,257850,32722617,Posted: 24 June,all,infhare,"Beatifully crafted, gentle metroidvania with character and high requirements for a gamer's skill. One of my greatest game experiences in many years."
,Recommended,257850,32744352,Posted: 24 June,all,succ,This cloaked child is in desperate need of medical attention. It isn't natural to vomit this much.
,Recommended,257850,32721123,Posted: 24 June,all,Ozcaty,"Tight controls, beautiful soundtrack, rewarding bosses.. What else do you need in a 2D Hack n Slash?9/10 BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,257850,32732745,Posted: 24 June,all,武士道,"Amazing! This game is seriously gorgeous, the gameplay is hella cool, soundtrack is on point. 10/10 recommend."
,Recommended,257850,32744563,Posted: 24 June,all,metasyn,"This game is so beautiful, well worth your money."
,Recommended,257850,22262156,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,e-lectro,"Truly a masterpiece of a game.It's a bit cryptic in its explanations, but that adds to the sense of discovery you get from the game. It's really difficult, no denying it, especially the bosses (probably because I only ever bought four things from the shops) but once you beat it and activate the module or finish the sector it's an amazing feeling.The module map the pink drifter gives you is extraordinarily vague, but that's probably because I'm bad at hide-and-seek."
,Recommended,257850,32866163,Posted: 27 June,all,Toaster The Whaler #MAGA,Great game.
,Recommended,257850,32871692,Posted: 27 June,all,Tony,2D EVA.10/10
76561198099004547,Recommended,257850,32882234,Posted: 27 June,all,Fishy Fish Scale,"in terms of game play and graphic this game is a 10/10, best game everything is so beautiful"
76561198122164809,Recommended,257850,22206016,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Doovdé,"First off, the positives:•This game is fantastic. A nice, hardcore zelda-like action adventure.•The controls are responsive and accurate, Gameplay all-round is solid.•I love the upgrades and unlockable costumes.•Amazing soundtrack.•Plus i'd say there's enough enemies variety to fight against, and the bosses are brutal.•The best thing (for me) though is the visuals, as i love pixel art (I know it's not for everyone) and all the pretty colours.I don't have much complaints about this game, only that:•There's a couple (literally 2 or so) of glitches here and there, nothing big.•Secret areas are really hard to find, like REALLY hard to find, but i guess that's the point of the secret areas.•I'm fine with the difficulty but other more ""casual"" players might really struggle.I give this beauty a solid 8.5/10You should get this game 100%.EDIT: ♥♥♥♥ it. I'll give it a 9/10!"
,Recommended,257850,23725539,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,OOT! SHOOT!,"The simplest way I can describe Hyper Light Drifter is that it feels a bit like a cross between Zelda and Dark Souls with dungeons, branching paths, specific non-random enemy placement and item discovery. The presentation is amazing, the game looks and sounds great all around and it does wonders for the atmosphere of the world. Combat is fluid and responsive with hard hitting enemies and an emphasis on timing.The whole game is pretty ambiguous, but direction and progression still feels natural and it's a lot of fun to explore and interpret/figure out your way around the world, both setting-wise and gameplay-wise. It's not a very long game if you just want to power through to the end, but if you want to go out of your way to discover and unlock everything you'll get a lot more out of it."
,Recommended,257850,29468988,Posted: 24 January,all,What Doth Life?,"This game is awesome. From the graphics to the gameplay it's just amazing. I should mention that it is fairly challenging, but not hard or punishing. Most of the challenge I found was actually in searching for  keys that can be well hidden at times. This results in a huge amount of exploration with a lot of secrets and enviromental subtleties. The gameplay is pretty simple but satisfying. Very easy to pick up and play, but there's a skill ceiling that can takes some time to reach.Incredibly pretty game, the lack of any spoken word or written dialogue was well executed as well. I had a pretty positive experience with this game, and I hope for more good things from the dev in the future!"
76561198019998163,Recommended,257850,32794316,Posted: 25 June,all,jmnm17,"Absolutely amazing game, at first I got interested in Hyper Light Drifter because of all the praise i've heard for it, so I gave it a try. I actually hated the game at first, so much so to where I actually requested a refund. I issued the refund, but I still wondered to myself ""What makes that game so great to people? am I missing something?"" something told me I should give the game another chance and then something eventually just clicked in my head. I've fallen in love with it since. The game's formula is kind of a mix between old school Legend of Zelda and Dark Souls, with an art style similar to the Sega Genesis game ""Another World"". The game can be pretty difficult and has a rough learning curve but its just like any other game that is difficult, you just gotta ""Git Gud"". There are no words or descriptions, the story is shrouded in mystery and mostly told through memory images and flashbacks. HLD has a pretty big and maze-like world to explore that has tons of hidden secrets and areas containing many things like currency, weapons, keys, etc.Overall, a fantastic experience, a big thumbs up!"
,Recommended,257850,28998411,Posted: 3 January,all,Tossing Ankle High Rocket Sauce,The Legend of Zelda: Vibrating ControllerThe Legend of Zelda: Strange TrianglesThe Legend of Zelda: Rolling does somethingFun game
,Recommended,257850,31694577,Posted: 11 May,all,THUS I KEST,"This game is chill, but can be hard sometimes. Really cool experience."
,Recommended,257850,31178532,Posted: 16 April,all,Cort,"An amazing top down adventure/action game, personally one of my favourites.The art and sound design are amazing and the soundtrack is simply incredible.The game can be sometimes challenging, but it never feels unfair. Gameplay never feels monotonous as you get a big variety of enemies, new weapons and upgrades. The boss fights are also handled very well.The game tells its own story only trough visual narrative, letting you make your own interpretation of the events.Also if you love finding secret areas and items by exploring the world, this game's for you."
,Recommended,257850,33257987,Posted: 4 July,all,DVP,"I absolutely adore this game, the level of detail that is incorporated with the 8-bit graphic style is astonishing, and sometimes i hope on the game just for a nice stroll for some eye candy at the beautiful scenery. There are so many varied aspects to the game i could play it over and over again and find something new to enjoy every time. The story is open ended and left to personal interpretation and imagination, definitely a personal favorite."
,Recommended,257850,33260796,Posted: 4 July,all,yeah most certainly a winner,"Incredible soundtrack, incredible world design, sick frags."
,Recommended,257850,33261658,Posted: 4 July,all,Nekrozys,"Gorgeous pixel graphics, cryptic music, intoxicating atmosphere, lots of hidden treasures, nervous combat system, colorful and mysterious universe and a good dose of challenge.20 hours of wonders and enjoyment.To buy in a heartbeat.8/10"
76561198083342721,Recommended,257850,33276775,Posted: 5 July,all,Stormy,"You love Miyasaki and the 8-bit ? You look for an hard game experience ? You want to kick everybody's asses with a sword and TP-jumps ? Hyper Light Drifter is definitively the game that you were looking for. A pure 8-bit masterpiece, with strong boss fights and relevants mobs everywhere, a incredible background story, much deeper than it could at first sight, and, most of all, the wonderful soundtrack of Disasterpeace (FEZ). Definitively a must go for indie games.+  :- Pixel Art masterpiece- Great background story, directly linked to the ""heart"" of the developers- Hard bosses, hard mobs, allowing really satisfying moments of victory.- Perfectly supported by the Disasterpeace's soundtrack- :- Steep learning curve, might turn into harsh die and retry sometimes"
,Recommended,257850,33288340,Posted: 5 July,all,Swiffest,"Hyper Light Drifter was the most fun I've had with a fighting game in a long time. If you're not sure whether you want to buy it, watch a video of someone playing through a fight area or walking through one of the zones, cause that's what you'll be doing a good amount of the time. I liked the way combat worked, and it didn't take long to get a handle of the controls. And I really enjoyed the puzzles - it felt good discovering the secrets and looking around the world. Great art, music, and level design. Rarely say this about a game, but would play again."
,Recommended,257850,33289917,Posted: 5 July,all,MomsSpaghetti,"Holy hell, this is like a nostalgia trip that kicks you in the teeth.Very fun, feels a lot like classic Zelda gameplay mixed with some Mega Man Legends type ""lore"". I say it like that because there is minmal text and most of the story is told through visuals and pictures."
,Recommended,257850,33302235,Posted: 5 July,all,Some Pasta,One of the most beatiful and weel refined games i have ever played would recommend to anyone.
,Recommended,257850,33303102,Posted: 6 July,all,Ghoulmaster | Engineer.tf,"Hyper Light Drifter is an incredibly ambitious 16-bit mix of modern-day difficulty and yester-year gameplay. Overall, it completely nails some of its core mechanics, but falls short on others.Gameplay: Easily the best part of Hyper Light Drifter. Its gameplay is quick-paced, incredibly enjoyable, easy to grasp but difficult to master. It takes inspiration from a ton of different games across plenty of genres, and exectutes gameplay concepts near-flawlessly. Controls are responsive, areas are well laid out, if a bit tedius at times, checkpoints are fair, and progression is rewarding. The gameplay's biggest weakness comes from a lack of variety. Most enemies are defeated the exact same way, with very few exceptions. Most places in the same area tend to look and play the same, making for a moderately monotonous experience. This is especially evident in the 3rd area (by far my least-favorite in the game) which is poorly executed in both layout and enemy design. That being said, it's still fun to play, and one area out of 4 does not define the whole experience.Graphics: The graphics in Hyper Light Drifter are either near-perfect, or very poorly exectured. There's no in-between. The first area contains some gorgeous areas and some flat, boring, lifeless ones too. I will say that the further you progress in the level, the better things get. Level 2 was one of the most beautiful 16-bit levels I've ever played and completely showed off the art style's full potential. Colors were vibrent, themes were consistant, and the entire area was shaped by an immense abundance of neon greens, reds, and blues. Level 3 was when the graphics began to show their weaknesses a bit however. Colors were too dark, areas were confusing, and the trees blocked many paths that needed to be taken. By Level 4, color was sapped from the world and replaced with an ugly rainy desert. You can tell that they rushed the 4th area art-wise. It struggles compared to the other areas and is a total let-down for what you'd expect.Overall, Hyper Light Drifter is completely worth buying just for the incredible gameplay. While the art direction is beautiful in the first two areas (and parts of the third one) don't expect miracles after the half-way point. It has plenty of flaws as a game, but I find this hard to not recommend if it's on sale.8.4/10. Good gameplay and creative graphics unfortunately hindered by monotony and inconsistancy. Buy if on sale."
,Recommended,257850,33340255,Posted: 7 July,all,Mozzi,"This game has perfected the undertone of mystery. The story and objective of the game is not indicated in any way, yet after playing for a while, you find yourself locked and excited as you build your own backdrop story. Really enjoying it, plus the gameplay and soundtracks is awesome! :)"
,Recommended,257850,33356555,Posted: 7 July,all,Gladius Suilla,Beautiful and unforgiving. Fantastic brutal combat with a haunting soundtrack and an incredible story left up to interpretation. 10/10. One of my newest favourite games.
76561198263646001,Recommended,257850,27901716,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sdamsaz777,"This game is amazing. I don't write reviews very often, and I'm really picky with the games I buy. I do a lot of research prior to purchase. This game looked great on paper, but honestly it's 10 times better when played. The art, is amazing, and quirky. The characters, show detail. I LOVE how there are NO WORDS. The ENTIRE storyline/gameplay instrucitons are displayed through signals and it really lets your imagination fill in the gaps the same way a book does. It's really fun. Really action packed. Rewards curiosity. Honestly I'd argue this is probably one of the best games I've come across in the last decade. DO NOT GET THIS IF YOU HAVE ASSIGNMENTS OR A HEAVY WORKLOAD IN THE NEXT  24 HOURS. MAY INDUCE BINGE PLAYING."
76561198117450648,Recommended,257850,31352321,Posted: 25 April,all,TheSwePanda,Super good game but its kinda hard
,Recommended,257850,22255306,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SL3SH3R✪,___________________________________________############################################################################################Это не ошибка просто ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥нный обзор от меняИгра была просто ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ннаяЭпичный пиксельный дарк солс слешерВставляет жёстко (А ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ вообще)############################################################################################--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Собрал все монолиты - Ну_Чувстую_СебяПолезным_Дали (Одежду на жир)Прошёл все рейды на боссов - А_Сейчас_МОГУ_Гордится_Собой (100% Пройдена)10/10 Дрифтов
76561197965868220,Recommended,257850,22317218,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Hebbulinus,Great game! Shame about the 30 fps lock but once you get used to it it doesn't get in the way.
76561198037792793,Recommended,257850,28612816,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LATuxedo,"Somewhere between a souls game, a zelda game, and a reflex fighter, HLD is thick with atmosphere and gorgeous pixel art. The bosses can be frustratingly difficult at times, but the exploration is fun, and people who like finding secrets and collecting all of everything will enjoy exploring this world."
76561198362995009,Recommended,257850,31227885,Posted: 18 April,all,Vectic,"This game was one of the best experiences in gaming I've had. Reminded me of the talent that goes into indies.Hyper Light Drifter is expertly crafted in many areas. The gameplay is punishing to the player, but equally rewarding. The game rewards perserverance and paitence. Looking around and keeping your eyes peeled often gets you good loot. The soundtrack adds much to the game's experience. The music is mostly solemn and has a low tone, and this aids the player in understanding what the Drifter(who you play as) is going through. I personally also find the art in this game to be amazing, as the game uses a vibrant color pallete to create eye candy.The story in the game is heavily up the the player's interperetation. You're the one who's supposed to figure out what exactly is going on.In short, Hyper Light Drifter provides an amazing experience for players who enjoy great soundtracks, art, and punishing but rewarding gameplay."
,Recommended,257850,31105517,Posted: 12 April,all,MarioPrime,"At first glance, you may see Hyper Light Drifter's pixel art style and assume it's another throwback to the olden days of gaming. Fortunately, that's not the case. Hyper Light Drifter is a fast-paced action game that combines hack-and-slash combat and a little bit of gunplay into one stylish package. The heart of the gameplay comes with the game's titular drifting, which allows players to shoot forward, dodging enemies and leaping over gaps. Mechanically speaking, it's all solid, though not perfectly polished. It's all a bit hard to control with a mouse and keyboard (controller is highly recommended here), and the slashing feels just a bit too simplified to stand out.But the game really shines when it comes to its world building. The environments, beautifully rendered with colorful pixels, is chock-full of secrets. It has its own sort of language, replacing letters with symbols. At first, it's a bit overwhelming, as everything is impossible to decipher. But as you move on, you start to learn what all the symbols mean, and secrets begin to unlock as you decode more and more. After playing for 10 hours, I felt like I'd barely scratched the surface of the game, missing out on tons of hidden areas. In some way, it reminds me of The Witness, which verbalizes all of its rules without a word or tutorial. Hyper Light Drifter almost goes a step farther, inventing its own visual language which is genuinely satisfying to understand.My biggest complaint, perhaps, is that there's a lot of style here, but not a ton of reason for it. I don't think every game has to have a big meaning, but with how sophisticated Hyper Light Drifter is in certain areas, it feels like there should be a little more meat to its mythology. A lot of that gets traded for tough set pieces and cool moments (the boss fights are particularly fun here). I don't think any of that is enough to take away from how fun and exciting the game can be, but it definitely left me wanting a bit more. Though it's hard to complain when I feel like I could pop back into this for another 20 hours before feeling like I've unraveled the game's mysteries."
76561198025902156,Recommended,257850,22251132,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,(AB) Slow Moth,"Hyper Light Drifter is a game you can pretty much get the gist of by watching a short video of gameplay. Immediately, it's evident that the game is absolutely gorgeous. This hold ups for the entirety of the game, every inch oozes atmosphere. The soundtrack, too, is fantastic, becoming almost the sound of the locale rather than a soundtrack. It feels diegetic. It truly feels unique, yet classic.No one will debate the quality of the presentation. So how about the game?You spend the game exploring a large overworld, hunting down collectibles (which can be spent on upgrades) and secrets, and disposing of countless enemies. The combat is simple but dynamic. You have a basic slash and a dash. You only have five health, and some health packs to heal if you don't get killed before you get a chance to use it. Because of this, your dash ability is easily your most useful skill, right next to your slash. The game is hard, and you will probably die a lot. You also find projectile weapons, which all have this cool mechanic of recharging based on your sword attacks. You also can purchase grenades. The upgrades I spoke of, which mainly upgrade your sword and dash abilities, are immensely useful and make combat even more engaging than it already was. Enemy designs are unique and varied, with engaging movesets, and are placed in arenas well-crafted arenas. All this creates, in this player's experience, a wonderful combat experience. It makes me almost wish there was a clear-the-wave mode or a series of combat trials, just so I could mess around with the combat more and really see how deep it can get. (People are already working on advanced tech!)Hyper Light Drifter, bizarrely enough, seems to be a hodge-podge of a multitude of game industry monuments. The nonverbal and minimal story is evocative of Team Ico games. The perspective and functionality evokes classic 2D Zelda games. The exploration and world design evokes Metroidvania. The snappy and stylish combat could evoke Platinum games, while the brutality, dodges, and deliberation of the combat could evoke Souls games. These are all very good games, and being like these games is not bad. And as much as I'd like to view the game without making these comparisons, and observe it alone, I cannot help but point it out. They permeate the experience, and, in this capacity, create a new unique beast of gameplay that is totally it's own. However, the real question should be: do these elements mesh well together? Well, for the most part, yes. On the spectrum of combat, as I've stated, it feels and plays wonderfully. However, when dealing with world design and exploration, the game can falter a little. The disparity between the frantic and flashy combat sections and the slow pensive exploration can be jarring (and, because of the way the game handles death, can lead to frustrating retreading). They feel like almost different games, and I feel as though this could have been alleviated in small ways.The game also feels a little short. This is less a feeling of frustration, and more of dissapointment, because it feels like there are so many more places and so many more combat scenarios the game could have taken us to. I want to see more of this world, and explore more of these secrets, and play more of this combat.Hyper Light Drifter is ultimately a very fun game. While the exploration could have been improved, the combat (it's focus) is a joy to play and had me on the edge of my seat the entire time. And the art and music don't hurt either."
,Recommended,257850,31275263,Posted: 21 April,all,Cruiser,"Ten minutes into the game: ""I have no idea what's going on.""Beating final boss and witnessing the end: ""I STILL have no idea what's going on."""
,Recommended,257850,28723146,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kesys ondor avy sytilibus daor,It's so AWESOME!
,Recommended,257850,22199063,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ching Chong Ruby Long,EYT THIS IS PRETTUY GOOS
76561198093209044,Recommended,257850,31632444,Posted: 8 May,all,DPlumberry,This game was incredibly atmospheric and exciting to play that also offers a fair challenge which is rewarding to overcome. I highly recommend it.
76561198010755785,Recommended,257850,28569814,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Tristyコック :^),"Beautiful graphics, smooth combat, and an all around enjoyable story/atmosphere combo. A bit on the shorter side, but with the extra modes and hidden areas, the game is definitely worth replaying multiple times to achieve 100% completion."
,Recommended,257850,28586549,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ainsley,"This is an amazing beautiful game. The fighting mechanics are outstanding and satisfying, and the soundtrack will make you feel lost in the endless scenery throughout the journey. The difficulty of the game is at a perfect degree, to the point where failing will get you frustrated, but you will stay motivated enough to keep trying."
76561198018695077,Recommended,257850,29192496,Posted: 11 January,all,Skrid Jens 2.0,"i've not come to far in, but i've gotten a grasp of the game. AND this is the best game i've played 2016."
76561198012703623,Recommended,257850,26957312,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KaijuKazoo,"While it does have a few issues here and there, the overall package is an amazing experience.  It has great gameplay, great emotional range, and some of the best art I've ever seen in a game"
,Recommended,257850,32096869,Posted: 31 May,all,Crimbles,"Absolutely one of my favorite games of all time. Stunning graphics and fast paced gameplay, as well as hidden items if you look hard enough."
76561198260469208,Recommended,257850,22293568,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,kerempelesen,best game ever
,Recommended,257850,22379949,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,zyph,"One of the best games I've ever played. It's difficult, but very fair. There is lots of content to go through, including (edit: a boss rush mode!), a horde mode, new game+, and various secret challenges, not to mention the large amount of secrets to find in general. It is a bit light on story, but everything in the world is really nicely detailed and put together. The game is definitely a ""show, don't tell"" type of deal, which I understand may not appeal to everyone.Heart Machine recommends using a controller, but I've played the game using exclusively KB+M and it controls wonderfully.Unfortunately Hyper Light Drifter is locked to 30 fps, which does make the experience worse than it could be, but the game itself is so good that I am willing to live with the framerate, as much as it pains me to say so.edit: And now they've patched in 60 fps and a boss rush gamemode. This cements it as my favourite game of all time. Good job Heart Machine!"
76561198092969519,Recommended,257850,33460124,Posted: 11 July,all,JustBeingAcoostic,"This game... is the DARKSOULS OFNah, I won't go there, still a good game though."
,Recommended,257850,33339650,Posted: 7 July,all,mattkitt28,"Hyper Light Drifter was an amazing experience, with beautiful pixel graphics and atmospheric music.Some people say ""this game is way too hard"", or ""I got that 1000 death achievement before I beat the game"" and stuff, and I agree that this game was challenging, but I think the difficulty was the perfect level, not so easy that you beat it once and that's it, but not too hard, although I'm sure it doesn't get too much harder than HLD. Throughout the game, progressing is always difficult, but once you get the hang of it, well, you get the hang of it.Graphics: 10/10HLD's pixel graphics are incredible, with many memorable scenes across the game. This game's graphics are up there with Journey.Music: 10/10The music is pretty much on the whole game, changing as the scene or situation changes. It doesn't abrubtly change, it's dynamic, and it just makes HLD that much better.Story: 8.5/10This game does a great job of ""show don""t tell""-ing, always having you wondering about the HLD universe.Difficulty: 9.5/10As I said this game doesn't get easier, but if you go back to older areas, you'll realize just how far you've come.Gameplay/Controls: 10/10You can play this with KB/M, but it's strongly recommended by me and the game to use a controller. The controls are simple and somewhat easy to master, with a good amout of buttons but not so many you forget them.Overall: 10/10HLD should be considered a classic game, and deserves to be ranked among Portal 2, Journey, The Talos Principle, and other great games.Stats:Time to beat (NG): little less than 13 hrsNorth Boss: Way too many tries as it took me a while to figure out the attack that takes up like 1/2 of the room.East Boss: 3 tries, that fat frog was kinda easy.West Boss: The Ninja Turtle Cat or whatever it was is sooo fast; that was crazy.South Boss: 2 tries. The whole laser bow thing was easy to dodge but I wish that was oneof the weapons.Mini Bosses:The Fake Crystal: this took me a lot of tries, although the dash absorbtion upgrade helped a ton.The Robot Guy With The Energy Balls Floating Around Him: 1st try. That was fun.Other Mini Bosses: what others? wait you mean there's more? ...dang itFinal Boss: 3rd try. My heart was racing the whole time I was fighting this dudeFinal Boss Strategy: The gun that does I think 3-5 damage, it shoots one big bullet, you know what I'm talking about!P.S. why is Kanye West in the credits?#steamsales"
76561198148887871,Recommended,257850,32747518,Posted: 24 June,all,DandyLion,"If Dark Souls had a baby with a developer with a great eye for pixel art and a killer soundtrack, it would be this game."
76561198078391454,Recommended,257850,32746584,Posted: 24 June,all,max,This game made me pre dude
76561197995482068,Recommended,257850,32748456,Posted: 24 June,all,Fistplough His Gob,"This is one of those games that hit you right in the feels. Soundtrack is dope, combat is fun and fast paced and the game looks dope. 10/10"
,Recommended,257850,32749311,Posted: 24 June,all,Drinniol,"Very good!  Engaging gameplay, good levels with plenty to find and see, no grinding (though there will be some backtracking if you want to 100%), adequate length that doesn't overstay its welcome, fair difficulty to start with with options to challenge yourself if you want to replay.Really just an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,257850,32746862,Posted: 24 June,all,[MR] ALT+F4,"This game is AMAZING. I love the looks the gameplay and everything behind it (even though I`ve played it for an hour on this account, I`ve played it on others for way longer). Overall, this is a great game and i lovved every second of it!"
76561198088963063,Recommended,257850,33463526,Posted: 11 July,all,Hipi07,"Gorgeous aestheics, amazingly fitting music for the desolate, ruined yet beautiful landscapes. The game has no voices and no text, everything is through sounds and images so some things are left up to your interpretation and trust me, you're going to have to interpret and imagine a lot. The world is fantastically weird.Would have happily paid full price. And I haven't even finished it yet."
,Recommended,257850,23810904,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kibs Prime Ribs,Cut a giant frog's stomach openBiologyclass/10
,Recommended,257850,30538254,Posted: 16 March,all,Deadhardy,"I love this game.Pros:Great art style and soundtrack.The controls are easy to grasp but require experience to master.Though the game is challenging, I never experienced any ""cheap deaths.""The game can be beaten by going through the areas quickly, but players are rewarded for exploring and tracking down collectibles.Cons:Murky storyRepetitive cutscenesDifficulty does not scale: the hardest boss is arguably the second one you face (Hierophant)."
,Recommended,257850,30546364,Posted: 16 March,all,Craig,"Missing out on playing this game or at least trying it is just outright criminal, in my opinion. Hyper Light Drifter has some of the best combat mechanics, enemy placement, level design, visual style and cinematography I've ever seen in any game I've played to date. From what I've seen (which is nearly 2 full playthroughs), this is a very demanding game that really wants the player to be aggressive, yet methodical and adaptive. It wants split second reactions and well though out manuevers simultaneusly and it gets that out of you whether it be by kicking you into a room full of high damage enemies or sudden pitfalls or excrutiatingly difficult bosses, needless to say, it's a very difficult game ESPESCIALLY on NG+ when you have only  1/3 of your normal amount of heatlh but its all worth it because of the beautiful animations and satisfying vibrations and noises when ever you cut an opponent down which is one of my favorite parts of the game (and why I haven't blown my own brains out), it's absolutely astonishing to me how amazing the animations are in this game. This sort of game is absolutely perfect for me, I've always been a rather aggressive player when it comes to Action RPGs as well as a few other genres of video games so if your like me in that regard then holy♥♥♥♥♥♥dude get in on this. But moving aside from the combat another thing with this game that really grabs my attention is its world buidling and its storytelling. The entire game's narrative is told visually, there's no dialogue, at least of any language we can understand and it's communicated in an inherently abstract kind of way considering it relies on set pieces and staging as well as a few images every now and again which is a pretty risky thing to do considering people can interpert the story in different ways but I'm pretty sure that was the intention. I think it works beautifully. Like I said before the level design is absoluteley perfect, there's a ridiculous amount of secrets hidden in each area of the game so much so that it seems impossible for me to find all of it even though I've owned the game for nearly a year now. The game is chock full of rooms with goodies that you wouldn't know even existed if you didn't notice a slightly ajar pixel. Every detail of the enviornments from the looping pathways right down to the positioning of enemies not only works as a way of conveying to the player the histories of the enviornments they explore but also progress the narrative in a very natural pace. It's a very engrossing method of storytelling that's punctuated by Disasterpeace's phenominal soundtrack which really commands a somber and macabre tone to match the game's imagery as well as seemlessly adapt to whether or not the player is in combat. There was a whole lot of talent and love put into this game and it really shows and I think it's the idyllic tale of a crowd funded game to me, they really didn't put any of the people's money to waste making it and delivered something that was better than I expected and that's saying something because it looked damn good before it came out. Hyper Light Drifter is most definitely one of my favorite games of all time and I seriously implore people who want a challenging game with some interesting concepts to pick it up and at the very least dip your toes in for a little while."
,Recommended,257850,30892896,Posted: 1 April,all,histora,Don't you LOVE throwing Drifter's intestines at the village people?*Still no clue what the story was after the game.
,Recommended,257850,30894395,Posted: 1 April,all,SkellyMcSkeletor,"I bought this game while it was 50 percent off...so I am a wee bit biased.Anyways, I have been playing this game for a little while now and oh my goodness.I couldnt be happier with it.So lets start with some of the great things about this gem of a game.First off, the 16 bit artwork works fantastic with this 2D hack and slash game. Esspecially with all of its super bright and neon colors.Next, the animation for everything, the sword, the gun, and the dashing looks wonderful. Even with the pixel art, the transitions and animation are extremely smooth.The music is really good as well. Each area has different music that I believe matches the tone of each area quite nicely.This game offers a really good level of difficulty which means you probably wont finish it right away which is nice and there is PLENTY to explore and find. Lots to discover. If you dont do some eploring, you wont learn more about the general story of the game.Each area has its own enemies which are quite different and require slight changes to fighting style. Although certain areas have a mix.I honestly cant even mention all of the good things about this game, there are too many.Moving on to some not negatives but not really...more like parts I guess didint quite satiate my gaming heart...So this game has wonderful music and all...but there is no dialogue. All the characters make are grunting noises. Now I know the game campaigned a little bit on the fact that it ""told a story without voice"" however, you only get a few characters you can interact with and each time you do you get a small comic. I feel that at my point currently, the stories from each character are different and not necesarily brought together. Now im hoping that as i continue to play and find more characters more will be revealed...On this matter I will probably update once I have finished the game.Although each area has its own enemies, currently I feel as though most of them can be defeated relatively easy and in the same fashion.There arent a ton of upgrades for your character...a total of 6 main ones along with being able to switch out weapons (i think. I have not been able to do that yet at my stage)The collectibles needed for upgrades are difficult to find and sometimes even more difficult to acquire due to the fact that if you die with one on before a save its gone...and most of the time they drop in mini boss like areas so you die frequently.Other than that I look forward to decipphering the story on my own. This game seems to offer alot of replayability in finding hidden stuff, extras etc. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a story a little bit on the mysterious side. The intro is amazing btw...I will update this review after I have finshed the game...until then the more negative part of this review will probably be a bit biased/untrustworthy.Like this if you want Heart Machine to release another well made hack n slash like this one!"
76561198027395885,Recommended,257850,31118762,Posted: 13 April,all,XentricsX@TexMaker,"It is one of those unique games which feel a bit awkward first, but got me hooked really fast after the first 10 minutes. Up to this point, the game did not use any text to explain the plot - it completely relies on cutscenes, graphical expressions (e.g. when you talk to an NPC) and your own imagination.The fights become challenging really fast but it nicely swichtes between puzzles, fighting and jump-and-run elements.Still, if you do not enjoy dying very, very often (the first boss knocked me out like 20 times or sth.), it might not be the best for you.If, however, you like the challenge - buy this game!"
,Recommended,257850,31119383,Posted: 13 April,all,kustt nite,lightsaber
76561198105392253,Recommended,257850,23478787,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Acid (LSD),I got banned from the HLD facebook page for saying I drew hentai of the game. Oh well still a great game though
,Recommended,257850,31446515,Posted: 29 April,all,Flynn The Human,"Absolutely Incredible game, I absolutely loved it and will never regret buying this game. Absolutely recommend. Just beat the final boss... man, this game is gorgeous. Thank you to the developers for making this game."
76561198210262576,Recommended,257850,23303114,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Beaf,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ this game came out of nowhere and got its hooks in me.  One of those games in your library you don't click on right away but once you do suddenly it's 4 hours later.Great music, rock-solid controls, tons of secrets and replay value if you're into that, and it's ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful to boot.  A+"
76561197987879169,Recommended,257850,31663628,Posted: 10 May,all,Goats who stare at Cows.,"I would highly recommend this game! The art direction, the soundtrack and sound design, the mechanics, the story and the way it's told - everything about this game is so well done! I hope Heart Machine continue making games of this calibre because, we need them!"
,Recommended,257850,32259950,Posted: 7 June,all,| AOD | Forgotten Lands,"When I first saw Hyper Light Drifter I thought it would be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥8-bit dark souls.I have to say I was pleasantly suprised.------------------------------------Hyper Light Drifter is  and RPG first and foremost; the old school Legend of Zelda vibe is intense. I was worried that HLD was going to be for ""Hardcore gamers"" only, But with as far as I played I haven't felt like I've missed huge secret sections, once you know what to look for it's really a pleasant feeling to find them.With controls and fighting: I am also suprised, personally I feel like the game could benefit if it had mouse controls more akin to Hotline Miami as I can get a bit lost during big ambushes. All in all though, the movement is precise and I haven't lost a battle because something stupid happened like I slashed the wrong way. It took me a while to understand chain dashing but once you do it's quite easy (it's all timing).At first I was scared by the upgrade system, with gearbits being a limited resource I thought I was going to be scrounging around for the chance to upgrade but I've actually been floating in em!I haven't really payed much attention to the music but I'm not going to say it's bad in any wayAlright, final thing: Hyper Light Drifter really reminds of Fez, if of course instead of a silent RPG Puzzle game, Fez was a silent RPG action game. also the bosses are really balanced and not gimmicky. the end. thank you."
76561198121730544,Recommended,257850,28109734,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,prof_westman,"Hyper Light DrifterColour-Sound-CommunictationThis game does not come with a manual and I find that quite amazing. So far any question I've had about the gameplay or how things work, what I should be doing, where I should be going, etc... have all been answered in-game. I am impressed that this game seems to be able to translate ideas, emotions and incentive into any spoken language by the use of colour and sound alone.The world is enchanting. The soundtrack is reminiscent of an NES game, but made with the sensibilities of someone scoring a film in 2018. I love how the music encourages awe, suspense and a bunch of other feeling I've felt while playing but haven't put a ""word"" to, yet.The controls are smooth, and timing is critical. You have to keep on your toes and know how many times to hit, when to dodge and when to be daring.If you like future dystopias, or sword and sorcery style medieval settings, or if you are a fan of classics likeSuper Mario 2, an action fiend who enjoysDark Souls, or even someone who just enjoys pretty pictures and surreal sound, this is a game for you!"
76561198051758335,Recommended,257850,33568380,Posted: 15 July,all,Canadian Brony,"I really enjoyed this game for many reasons. It has great atmospheric music that feels like it completes the ambiance. The gameplay itself feels crisp and clean, and the hits feel like they have some weight to them. The art style helps to (I.M.O.) lighten how dark the story is. There is a slight problem I had with the game; the story. You kind of have to piece it together yourself, which is a good and bad thing.10/10Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,257850,30935041,Posted: 3 April,all,maytagman,This game is incredible. Reminds me of classic Zelda meats blade runner.
,Recommended,257850,32689121,Posted: 23 June,all,St_Winter,"A beautiful game that feels like a mix of Zelda meets Castlevania. It's not to challenging and not to easy, rather a good mix of the two. The art style of the game is pixel but in such a high count that half the time i don't even realize it and so great to look at. A lot of games in this genre tend to be way to much reading and such that it kind of pulls me out a bit. This game's story is all visual, even the conversations. This way i can sit back and relax and not have to worry about missing a thing as i progress through the story.I think this is a game everyone should own and play when they get that itch to play a classic style game. It's worth it!"
,Recommended,257850,22226510,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Uptagon,"Pretty.You're obviously not going to know where to start, what to do, or how to do (almost everything).Start by upgrading your gear, most importantly your health pack capacity. Acquire currency by getting those yellow block things.Then Hyper Light Drifter wants you to explore. You're not going to get anything done if you don't explore.Take a minute and observe enemy attacks. You can almost never lose health if you know what to do.From there you can take screenies. Go and take some pretty screenies."
76561198099833371,Recommended,257850,29134575,Posted: 8 January,all,Burgerslave,"If ARPG's are your genre, stop reading, and buy this game.This game has elements of 90's ARPGs like the Secret of Evermore that have made ARPG's my favorite gaming genre. Hyperlight Drifter uses a pixilated art style that is reminiscent of the 16-bit era without looking sloppy.  The story line is straightforward and mysterious, and dialogue is delivered in a series pictures. Never is a true word is spoken by any character in the game, but at no point are you as the player lost as to what is happening -- there is just enough of a push for you as a player to find out more.The game play is fun and addictive. As the drifter you are able to dash and slash enemies, or shoot the baddies with a plasma gun. The bosses are challenging and their defeat gives you a sense of reward when you finally crush them. I do have some issue with the controls: there are dashing puzzles that require precise timing to complete successfully. The game is unforgiving in this respect and can lead to explosive bouts of frustration. Also, I find that the controls have the Drifter prone to falling of cliffs (see aforementioned explosive frustration).The music complements the game well it provides the gameplay with an eerie ambience. Don't expect an epic music score. The music is more simple than the orchestrated pieces in blockbuster hits, but by no means is Hyperlight Drifter's soundtrack ineffective.Overall, I think this game is great. I love it.  A solid 9.5/10."
76561198042159553,Recommended,257850,33126278,Posted: 2 July,all,Mickan,"Simply Incredible game. Did my first run over the course of 4ish days and what can i say, this game always has you coming back for more, the urge to delve deeper into the story as vague as it is, it leaves you thinking and making you're own assumptions on what the background is of this game.Countless times with the art, music, and gameplay i was left with goosebumps.would highly reccomend this game :)"
,Recommended,257850,22425692,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Super Marine,"One of the best games I've ever played. The visuals were gorgeous, the music stunning, the controls tight and the story is mysterious and intriguing. The only warning I'd give to anyone thinking about getting it is that this game is hard and will not hold your hand, but if you don't mind a challenge I highly recommend it. It’s an almost perfect game that’s sure to blow you away."
76561198045861237,Recommended,257850,33113926,Posted: 1 July,all,spanmatt,"This game is a perfect example of how to show and not tell a story. With a combonation of both excelent sound design and stunning animation, an unbelievable story is told without a word of dialog. The game play is difficult, but fair. Where some games create challenges by making the character weak and the enemies strong, Hyper Light Drifter has made enemies feel like the character, and thus, fight as well as the character. I cannot recomend this game enough. I will say though that it plays best with a controller and will make the rhythm of combat easier to learn."
76561198096899902,Recommended,257850,24249284,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Emperor Goat,I loved 2-D Dark Souls.
76561198040821427,Recommended,257850,31500157,Posted: 1 May,all,awlnx,"Environmental story telling at it's best. game play is fun, yet challenging. it will leave you wanting more"
,Recommended,257850,33106371,Posted: 1 July,all,Professordonut,"Instead of focusing on what makes this game great, because that’s pretty much covered by the trailer and other reviews, this will mostly focus on what you should know before beginning to get the optimal experience.While you are travelling, look around for little hidden paths and objects. If you aren’t aware you are supposed to pay attention to the subtle visual clues, you may (like me) have to spend time backtracking or traversing through an area multiple times- which can seem repetitive and boring. Especially look for marks on the ground near the edges of walls/trees that indicate openings and platforms that you might be able to reach by dashing.Pay attention to the health system. This might solve itself if you follow my previous advice and find the health packs hidden around, but when I started the game I kinda missed how it worked and had to teleport home to heal a few times. You will generally do well if you use your health packs efficiently: only when your health is pretty low, don’t waste them for a few life points. Once I figured this out I had an excess of health packs and was able to focus on the awesomeness of the game.Also be aware that the visionary and creator of this game has a heart condition, which inspired many of the themes throughout.Why I loved this game: gorgeous visuals and music, smart combat system about balancing attacks and playing around the attack patterns of different enemies, understated but powerful storyline, and great unlockable late game content.With these things in mind, I really doubt you could regret buying this game."
,Recommended,257850,30823906,Posted: 29 March,all,vsilvalopes,"I've followed this game from the first time I saw I little GIF of it. Then subscribed to the developer mailist, and waited with high hopes, luckly Hyper Light Drifter fullfilled all of it.This game seems to be another indie / pixelated game, but it's really not just it.The combat, the music, the way that the game tell you a history, without droping a single word is just fantastic.Bought it on launch day, and I have no regrets for it.It's a great game, with lot's of secrets, a solid combat and amazing and introspective soundtrack.Don't wait to buy it on sale, this game is worth your time and every penny."
,Recommended,257850,25973667,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Kukatoo,"This game is a masterpeice in all areas.• Some of the best pixel art graphics I've seen.• A simple and challenging combat system that doesn't make you want to punch your monitor.• Crypic lore to explore.• Great soundtrack.• Amazing attention to detail and fluid animations.• When you've hit something, you really feel like you've hit something. (seems silly but is actually amazing)Go buy this game if you hadn't already."
76561198049030444,Recommended,257850,24031725,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,uh uh,"very very very good game like holy moley, it somehow surpasses ROBLOX in every way imaginable"
,Recommended,257850,22180832,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Arbolito,Great Experience.  Thank you for making a great game.
,Recommended,257850,23939878,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Stoneman N,"I want to have sex with this game. Not with the characters in the game or the developers. I want to have sex with the GAME.This is my favorite game of 2016. It is made well, it has a spectacular soundtrack, great game mechanics, visual art, and so much more, I could go on and on. I feel like this game does not get much credit it deserves. I would hight recommend anybody to pick up a copy, you will not regret it. It's a very great indie game experience."
,Recommended,257850,22215879,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jeff Dee,"This game is like sexuality, but you're actually playing a videogame.Yes, it's this good.Yes, you'll reach the big O(apparently, Orchasm is offensive thus censored).Yes, you'll get mad at some part because it's hard to find the right place.Yes, this game rewards discoveries and exploration.So for the love of your significant other. Play this game.(If you love, The legend of Zelda, Dark Souls, Titan Souls, this is for you.)"
76561198008512265,Recommended,257850,27512498,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PEEP BEEP MEME CREEP,"Words do no justice to how good this game is. I originally pirated it, because I doubted the hype, but I simply had to purchase it after completing, and so should you."
76561198300652736,Recommended,257850,33548722,Posted: 14 July,all,icesparker1,I love playing this game whenever I'm in the mood for something atmospheric. The music and the gameplay blend so beautifully together. Not to mention that the weaponry and fast paced movements make it seem all the more amazing and stylized.
,Recommended,257850,34177874,Posted: 11 August,all,tyofhunter,Arguably the most beautiful pixel game ever created. Fun to play and mezmerizing.
,Recommended,257850,25051368,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,GijsSickenga,"The wonderful pixel art, atmospheric music, minimalistic storytelling and solid combat fuse together to create a thrilling, punishing 2D action game that evokes FEZ, Zelda and Dark Souls. A wonderful game to sink your teeth into for a while. Plenty of collectibles too, if you're into that sort of thing."
,Recommended,257850,25366910,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,AnotherGalaxy01,"I got this game a while ago but never installed it until recently. I decided to give it a shot and I've played the game non-stop ever since.I would not recommend this game if you are someone who rushes through games. Take your time. The true beauty of this game is found when you take your sweet time. There is a lot to explore, secrets, a good amount of backtracking, things to collect, and a good variety of powerups. Perfect for all those completionists and collecters! This game really forces you to explore every nook and cranny.This is one of those games where there's a main plot/story, but at the same time there isn't. There are many different interpretations of the story of this game since it is not something like Zelda where it just staright up tells you. You are made to think of it in your own way.Then theres the art and soundtrack, both of which are beautiful by the way. Even though this game is just pixel graphics, that doesn't mean it can't be beautiful. You can really tell that a lot of hardwork was put into each pizel you see on your screen. As for the music, it's very; memorable. It isn't very noticable like other games; it's very subtle. Which makes sense for a game like this where exploring is of more importance; it fits the mood perfectly!I also like how this game has different mechanics and strategies for each individual enemy and area. Each enemy has a different attack pattern which you need to memorize to know the best time to strike (same goes for the bosses). The game also adds multiple puzzles for the gearbits and modules where you have to use many of your special abilities and thinking in order to get to them. Also worth noting that this game went old school which no dialogue.All and all I think Hyper Light Drifter is an amazing game and a worthwhile. Although I do agree it may not be everyones cup of tea, I think you should at least give it a shot."
76561198119153581,Recommended,257850,33874187,Posted: 28 July,all,NEON,"I was really engaged. I loved the start, then it plops you into this world I had no idea where to go, and everwhere I went the enemies were so tough I could not keep up... I assume I'm just bad at tehse games, I had no pointers or any hints on anything. I'm not giving it a negative because I'm too stupid to figure out how it works, there must have been something I missed..."
,Recommended,257850,25828435,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,darthaegis,"The first thing that one notices on Hyper Light Drifter is its presentation. There is beautiful pixel art with a colorful palette and great atmospheric music with a slightly depressing mood to enhance the feel of a post-apocalyptic world.You're someone with a disease which usually ends up with you coffing blood, and you're stalked by a strange black creature. There isn't much in the way of story here, but your goal is to activate certain structures throughout the gameworld in order to open a door. To do this you have to explore and usually defeat each area's boss.The combat itself is really good. You're armed with a sword and a pistol, and you get more guns and sword moves as the game progresses. Apart from this you have a dash, 5 hitpoints and 3 medkit slots. Most enemies can do 2 HP worth of damage in a hit or stagger you long enough to do the same or more, making this a fairly difficult game to play.Still, you're nimble and fast, and even though most encounters are hard they can be done after a few retries when you've already understood the enemy moves, ala Dark Souls. The game uses a checkpoint system and enemies do respawn when you return to an area, so the similarity is there.Overall, it's a pretty fun game to play. The combat feels responsive and deadly, and exploration is both pleasant due to great visuals and sound, and rewarding."
76561198030466619,Recommended,257850,22267505,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Kraken of The Pepsi,Just here to say Super Bunnyhop is wrong.Buy this game.
76561198050661699,Recommended,257850,26527787,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,AllyJamy,"Great game. The pixel art is outstanding, the scenery and setting is very interesting and mysterious. The combat is challenging, but incredibly fun. The dialogue is quite nice in the way they use pictures to speak. It has some nice dungeons and the soundtrack is absolutly amazing. Definetly recommended to any Zelda fans."
,Recommended,257850,22506841,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,shodan2020,"Incredible game. Stylin' cyberslides, cuttin' up marks with a cybersword. Wonderfully overpowered street sweeper. An amazing masterpiece soundtrack by Disasterpeace, that brings up notes of FEZ nostalgia. I can't get over how good this game plays, feels, and sounds! A total joy to experience and play!"
76561198081640182,Recommended,257850,28699151,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Robby,"A mix between Zelda and Hotline Miami and dark souls, Hyper Light Drifter brings lots of exploration and high octane fighting. If you are a fan of these games, then I recommend you consider this game.Story wise your given the option to pay attention to the story, or skip it and head straight into combat which I appreciate. The game is not story driven per say, has more of a dark souls subtly which I can deal with but could be a deal breaker if you enjoy good stories.Story The exploration is amazing as you travel through 4 areas each with their own unique environments, enemies and secrets. Dungeons have lots of variety and play exactly like Zelda, do not expect an open world game expect a dungeon crawler. There are secrets hidden around the map but you don’t need to find them all to complete the game, backtracking and trying to find all the secrets without a guide adds more length to the games play time. Although I do wish there were more areas to explore, you will spend a lot of time going back and forth looking for secrets and credits.Story Combat feels genuine, the difficulty is comparably to dark souls where you must learn the attack patterns of enemies to be able to get the best results. Combat is like Hotline Miami you have your guns and melee weapons, although I do wish there was a little more variety in the weapons the upgrade system does make up for this giving the game more mechanics to learn.Good game, play for an hour to see if the game is right for you."
,Recommended,257850,22277623,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Terezi Pyrope,You'll Die.
,Recommended,257850,33828339,Posted: 27 July,all,Nobody,This game is like Hotline Miami and Legend of Zelda A Link to the Past had a baby and then that baby took a bunch of lsd.
76561197988930413,Recommended,257850,27376270,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Keine,"Overall the game is very challenging, but mainly due to the reason that the controls can be clunky when it comes to controller. The soundtrack is spectacular and the visuals are stunning. Combat is fun but becomes frustrating at times as you cant seem to recreate a certain combo when needed."
76561198089965146,Recommended,257850,31529837,Posted: 3 May,all,MyChiliGaming,"I cannot recommend this game enough. Everything about it is so perfect. The art, the gameplay, the story. Every detail of the world has a story and so much personality. This is honestly the best indie game, mybe even the best game, ive ever played"
,Recommended,257850,31534794,Posted: 3 May,all,Rosminn,The Eastern boss is the captain of the fun police.
,Recommended,257850,31558524,Posted: 5 May,all,_NameZero_##,a Nice game with nice pixely graphics ( but awesome graphics ) but pixely yet still awesome :)this game offers alot of exploring and Hidden pathways ( Which can be annoying at sometimes but a bit of a challenge is something am i right?So about the game:1. Its Fun and amazing2. Great controls3. Fast-Paced gameplay and battle4. Hidden Stuff for fun ( cuz why not )5. Good Pixely Graphics as what i said the first time6. Challenging bosses ( which makes the game more fun )7. just darn right gud and easy to master :)
,Recommended,257850,31535242,Posted: 3 May,all,Marthalomue4,"I would DEFINITELY recommend this game to anyone who loves some damn good play. The cotrols are precise and responsive, and its feels not cheap. Like, justified when ya die. It somewhat reminds me of Dark Souls to some degree. especially for having a story you kinda gotta piece together. And also, the artwork is♥♥♥♥♥♥( . Y . ) 10/10"
76561198041156134,Recommended,257850,31594857,Posted: 6 May,all,Don't get weepy touch ur peepee,"ProsVery atmospheric, good narrative style of show don't tell, a minimalistic combat but incredibly deep with a very high skill cap, and a cool map with plenty of secrets.ConsA bit too short. Has boss rush mode after you beat the game though so you can still use those skills you aquired beating the game in a more skill based context, but without the off beat narrative giving the boss battles context it just doesn't feel as good.Definitely buy this game. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,257850,31597942,Posted: 7 May,all,bitch,+ Challenging combat and enemies+ Abstract story+ Good RPG elements with upgrades+ Strong replayability for completionists+ Music and art styleHighly recommend.
76561198078198496,Recommended,257850,31537137,Posted: 4 May,all,FuckfacheUnstoppable,"This was one of the best, most challenging games i have played in ages. the immersion brought forth by the music, the beautiful graphics, and the fast paced combat really made me feel as if i was in the Drifter's shoes"
,Recommended,257850,33361796,Posted: 7 July,all,Phalanx,"One of my favourite games I've played recently. Picked it up in sale for ten bucks and that's definitely one of the best ten dollars I've ever spent. Very challenging, lots of content and secrets, and even a local co-op mode."
76561198031792605,Recommended,257850,30636735,Posted: 20 March,all,Big Order,"I tend to dislike games with pixelated graphics, but this game is just so beautiful, and there were so many moments when the game gives you a fantastic view, paired with a swell in the music, which for me almost moved me to tears.Several times."
76561198047656433,Recommended,257850,30625234,Posted: 19 March,all,weaselwanker,"Great game. not usually into pixel art but the aesthetics are incredible, good music, good atmosphere. Difficult but also relaxing. Gameplay is good, with simple mechanics but satisfying battles. Sometimes it can get tedious, especially when you miss some of the hidden passages to essential items, often having to backtrack. A pretty complex game that should be played in small sittings. The plot and story are subtle and leave the imagination free reign. One of my favorite games in years, totally unique."
76561198039044299,Recommended,257850,22357402,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Hootaholic,"The games art and style is amazing, I love the story telling and general atmosphere. I am a bit more of a sucker for games with unique styles and graphics and the visual based story telling only highlights the gorgeous art and style. The only downside is lack of much instruction and guessing what you're supposed to do, but it makes you explore and see more of the world.I've taken more damage by misjudging jumps and falling off stuff, then actual monsters.Still I love the game already and would highly recommend."
,Recommended,257850,29254508,Posted: 14 January,all,Cilizadam,"Never thought that I would like this game, but actually a very good 2D action-adventure game. Have so much secret that even though I have finished the game, I only have 1 achviment out of 23."
76561198078814079,Recommended,257850,27371758,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,20/20,"easily within the top two best indie games I've ever played; great soundtrack, gorgeous graphics, flawless game mechanics, challenging yet still enjoyable difficulty, and so much more. This game is worth every penny at full price, and is simply a steal during sales."
76561198113923304,Recommended,257850,34833116,Posted: 9 September,all,Strange,"Hyper Light Drifter is a realy beautiful and great game.Its inspirational with wonderful art and sound.Its challanging with a deep and deadly world.You will get fustrated, excited, addicted and breathless.Hyper Light Drifter is one of these games you want to play again,and than afterwards forget about everything and play it againfor the first time."
76561198079460513,Recommended,257850,33685359,Posted: 20 July,all,Eureka,"Definitely one of my favorite games in recent memory. Very fast paced combat, beautiful art and music. It takes some time to master some of the combat and skills, but it's very rewarding. HOWEVER, there were a few bugs that really bogged down my playthrough; frame rate drops, audio problems and the like. I decided to not play the game until it was patched, which led to a ~2 month hiatus from playing. However, it all seems better now, hopefully anyone who starts playing won't encounter any problems. And sometimes, the hit boxes will have you going ""What? Come on."" One time I encountered a pieve of environment that had a missing sprite but maintained a hitbox. All in all though, great game. Garbage map though. 9/10"
,Recommended,257850,31943101,Posted: 24 May,all,bellistical,noice
76561198120446758,Recommended,257850,25786311,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Koevoet1997,"This reminds me of Jackie Chan for some reason. Anyway, awesome game and really beautiful 8/10*Note before you buy this game make sure you have enough money for atleast three keyboards, as this game is really challenging and frustrating, but it is worth every cent"
76561198058524973,Recommended,257850,34821667,Posted: 8 September,all,Vaylo,"Really good game. Particularly love the battle mechanics, cleverness of the boss fights, art (gorgeous art) and the music (touching, excellent). I've played a horrendous number of games over the years and this is the first one I've ever bothered to review because it's that good.Heads up:I found the north boss fight is 10x more difficult than any other boss.Before I even played the game I read a review on rock paper shotgun where the guy was complaining about the difficulty of this particular boss and gave up on the game. I must have died on him 50+ times, finally cracked it then lived in trepidation over what the other bosses would be like haha.Also don't get put off by the lack of explanation of things. If you feel frustrated look on a wiki but part of the joy of the game is discovering how it all works for yourself ;)"
76561198117258857,Recommended,257850,34838719,Posted: 9 September,all,Imperator,"This game is amazing. It ranges from a quiet, lonely atmosphere to vicious fighting in forgotten labyrinth. The sory is deep and complex, but not in your face. In fact, it's barely there unless you look, told by series of pictures with no dialogue. The only lines of text in the game are the motion instructions at the beginning. Combat is fun and easily varied, relying heavily on a dash mechanic that allows for some flashy moves. All in all, 10/10"
,Recommended,257850,34880014,Posted: 11 September,all,obama turned my raccoon gay,10/10 would dash again
,Recommended,257850,34565753,Posted: 28 August,all,dXQuarionXb,The little purple ♥♥♥♥er you play soccer against is the hardest enemy10/10
76561198073603818,Recommended,257850,26253833,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Speed Boost,"Hyper Light Drifter is one of my favorite gaming experiences ever. I'm 32 and I have been playing video games even since the Sega Genesis I got in grade school. Like a game from that bygone 16-bit era, Hyper Light Drifter is focused in it's approach and elegant in its simplicity.The developers at Heart Machine clearly started with combat as the focus of Hyper Light Drifter, and they did a stunning job of creating a system that feels altogether unique and familiar. It shares many similarities to the strategic hack n' slash found in games like Monster Hunter or Dark Souls. You have to be precise and calculated with every action to avoid being punished, but enemies have patterns and tells you will have to learn to survive.Hyper Light Drifter is an Action Adventure RPG. In the air of classics like Legend of Zelda, Metroid, or Castlevania, you explore to find loot, upgrade your gear and abilities, and open up previously inaccessible areas. The bosses and dungeon hordes are both varied and challenging.  You die often, but it never feels unfair. As a result you find yourself wanting to jump right back in, always looking for that perfect run as you leap frog from horde to horde. Checkpoints strike a balance where you are back in the action quickly, but you don't feel like the game is helping you along when you haven't earned it yet.On top of all of this is a gorgeous art direction and one of the best soundtracks of any game in existence. The visuals and the sound bring this world to life in a way that gave me chills at moments.Hyper Light Drifter doesn't bore with dialogue boxes of text or hold your hand with combat tutorials. Instead, it treats you with emotional cutscenes and smart game design. It's cryptic and thought provoking. You get bits and pieces of information along the way which you can put together to form your own conclusions about the who, the what and the why.If you haven't played this game yet please do yourself and favor and buy it now!10/10"
,Recommended,257850,33381646,Posted: 8 July,all,Mallowkun,"Gorgeous, compelling, tough as nails (even on easy), cryptic, engaging. This may actually be one of my favorite games I've ever played.Hyper Light Drifter is a game that I would describe as a cross between Zelda, Metroid, and Dark Souls. I've been more of a fan of top down Zelda games but the series as a whole has never really grabbed me that much. Hyper Light Drifter in my opinion actually does the top down Zelda formula better in my opinion. The world is open like A Link to the Past and A Link Between Worlds, but the world of Hyper Light Drifter grips me more than Hyrule by a long shot. The sweeping synth-orchestra score just flows perfectly as you traverse environments, and beautiful backdrops accompany the perfectly timed moments in the dynamic music. The combat is fluid and deep, reminding me more of action titles than open world adventure titles. There's definitely a very deliberate flow in how the combat is designed. Slashing your sword up close is the most accurate way of dealig damage. It hits in an arc so you can strike multiple enemies, but that close quarters combat puts you in danger of being hit more easily. Add to this the fact that your sword feels like it has weight to it. There's openings and time restrictions on your sword swings, and your movement is slowed while swinging. You have to strategize on the fly when using your sword to maximize damage on your enemies, and minimize damage on yourself. The guns however are much easier to use and often offer more damage than your sword, but at the cost of an ammo counter that can only be refilled by using your sword. This means that using the gun to deal heavy lifting damage and the sword to pick off low health enemies is a strategy you will find yourself using a lot. Too much of one or the other can leave you without resources, or put you into harms way and often get you killed. The dashing mechanic is your main source of defense. Most enemies in the game have windup animations on their attacks, meaning you can memorize the timing of the attacks from each type of enemy, then time a dash or attack to avoid being hurt and counter attack. The combat really makes you feel like a futuristic samurai, cutting through your enemies with precise swings of your neon colored sword. Some of the best feelings in this game come from clearing out a room full of enemies attacking and firing at you from all directions, dashing around their attacks and landing those sword combos and lined up railgun shots, the seeing the drifter confidently plant his sword in the ground. One thing about the controls: this game's controls will seem clunky and unforgiving at first, but as you progress and learn the ins and outs of the combat system, you'll learn that they reward patience and precision. The game feels so much more fluid once you learn to decipher the flow of combat and how the controls work. I've seen some people in the reviews criticize the controls for feeling clunky, when I know from my experience that the controls are anything but, once you learn to patiently approach each fight with a level head and a steady hand. The art direction is distinct and beautiful, offering some of the best pixel art I've seen from a game ever (Duelyst ranks pretty high up there, but I think HLD might top that game in this department). I do feel like pixel art is overused in the Indie game space, but here in Hyper Light Drifter, it's executed near perfectly. The animation is fluid and expressive, and the colors are vibrant and lively, yet also dark and dismal when they need to be. The art really shines through in the gorgeously animated cutscenes that paint the vivid yet vague picture of the story of this world. I still don't really know what the actual story is, but the cryptic nature of this game is so compelling. It's amazing how this game says so much without any words, giving you only pictures and your brain to figure things out.Overall, this game is fantastic. I definitely recommend giving it a go. There's plenty of content in this little package too, asking you to come back for multiple playthroughs to see everything. I myself have just finished the game for the first time on the easiest setting (gotta start somewhere), but I plan to go back and collect everything and play through the game again on the other settings.Heart Machine, this is a masterpiece. 10/10."
,Recommended,257850,33375152,Posted: 8 July,all,Craigory Ham,"Solid art direction, moving soundtrack, thoughtful dungeon design, and good gameplay."
76561198192419657,Recommended,257850,28515535,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SilkOnMilk,Really reminds me of the game Titan souls but doesnt seem as complicated
,Recommended,257850,23758596,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Jackie Chan,"I have only played for around 3 hours but I know for a fact that I will be playing this game more and more as time goes on. It seamlessly mixes elements of The Legends of Zelda and Dark Souls while staying very different from the titles mentioned.  While playing, you will soon realize that the game will not help you in the slightest. It sends you off on your own, exploring the beautiful and unique world that Hyper Light Drifter has created. You will learn over time that trial and error will be your best friend in this game. I am loving the game and will play it until i run out of health packs!9.7/10"
76561198001836878,Recommended,257850,23766538,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Suiryu,simply superb
,Recommended,257850,23773478,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kwizatt,"Hyper Light Drifter is a beautiful, challenging, interesting game. The world is incredibly vibrant and full of secrets that will keep you hunting for hours. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a fun game that will only occasionally make you want to throw your controller at your monitor, but in a good way of course."
76561198142491501,Recommended,257850,23746825,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Big man,"Hyper Light Drifter, a complex mix of beautiful ambience and fast paced action sequences this game never failed to maintain a constant state of immersion. The beautiful scenery and large scale fighting makes this game a flurry of actions and animations. I often found myself yelling at the screen over the difficulty of the game but in the end it is worth it. Hard games are a lost art and many indie games sugar coat their games with the ability to choose your difficulty. The appeal of this is understandable but HLD has a mysterious feel and avoiding that attribute helped strengthen it. At first the lack of dialogue annoyed me greatly but I learned to appreciate the simplistic vibes and notions of the NPC's ""dialogues"". This game is not for someone who does not want a challange.SCORE: 98/100"
76561198140070890,Recommended,257850,23762676,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SwaggyDanish,"This is by far one of my favorite games on steam, but that's what I always say. These pixel graphics are what makes the game scenic and appealing. It is also a difficult game that requires you to adapt everytime you go somewhere new, like early in the game turrets fire at you and you can't destroy them. Another thing is the combat system; when fighting off light groups of enemies you can't just hack and slash, you must slash and wait a second and then hack and then wait a second and rinse and repeat. I also like the story, no words or boring cutscenes."
76561198052540572,Recommended,257850,35109419,Posted: 21 September,all,Benjaminimal,Loved every moment of it.Very enjoable for every action/adventure rpg fan.Only downside is the length of the game but it has nice replayability with it's NG+ and Boss Rush mode.
76561198232323588,Recommended,257850,35117422,Posted: 21 September,all,SilverSniper512,"Absolutely amazing!I love the graphics, the music, enemies, secrets, fighting, gameplay etc.Each of the for worlds (North, East, South and West) are all very unique with colours/themes, enemies, bosses, map layout, etc.It's my favourite game by a long shot.It isn't too isn't and isn't too hard.And the amount of secrets, 'minigames' and cool achievements keep you busy long after you finish the main story.I would recommend if possible to use a controller to play (I personally connected my ps4 controller to my laptop which made fighting for me easier)."
76561197983749761,Recommended,257850,35125201,Posted: 22 September,all,MURDA,"Beautiful, atmospheric, good fights, nice adventure !"
76561198045996897,Recommended,257850,35138274,Posted: 22 September,all,Bear,Hyper Light Drifter is a work of art. Every last pixel-art is beautiful and the gameplay is challenging and very rewarding.A must have.
,Recommended,257850,35159688,Posted: 23 September,all,Jumblé,I would reccomend getting this game. It has beautiful pixel art and amazing music and the combat is amazingly fluid. The only problem i would say is getting lost a bit but it's still extremely fun.
,Recommended,257850,28780011,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Katadeus,"I adore this game. It has challenging, twitchy, but rewarding combat, brilliant visuals, a stunning soundtrack, and a vibrant story hidden in the cracks of a beautifully cohesive world.I can't think of anything else that I've played that reached me so deeply, but also made me work for what I wanted in such an intense and yet fair way.I can, however, address some common concerns.The story lost many reviewers, throwing them for a loop and frustrating them in its sparseness. While this is legitimate if you tend to get stuck on indefinites, it's also appreciably well-themed and intriguing. The natural progression of playing this game is one of alternating exploration and intense combat, and the rhythm of it allows the player to avoid settling into a sense of futility when it becomes difficult to pinpoint what went on before, and the cryptic nature arouses natural curiosity that, while not inexhaustible, can drive a great deal of extracurricular investigation.The difticulty of the combat is a turn-off for some as well. This is totally understandable. I am personally not great at this kind of game, and it took me a long time to build up the skills necessary to beat the game. That being said, it was an organic learning process and it was not impossible, or even truly hindered in any way by unfair fights. Every aspect of the game's difficulty can be addressed by development of more skill. I played all the way through with a mouse and keyboard, but have also heard that it is better with a controller. If I can do it, so can you.Other than that, it is a somewhat short game, but it is also strikingly beautiful at every turn and highly polished, and thus I think I am justified in saying that it is well worth its cost. I love it to bits. I love how it looks, how it sounds, and how it feels. It drew me in and wouldn't let me go."
,Recommended,257850,27610686,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rain,One of my favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,257850,26468286,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Kyajin,"A wonderful blend of 2D Zelda adventuring and Dark Souls-esque world building. In Hyper Light Drifter, you are thrust into a post-apocalyptic world filled with once-great vistas, now reclaimed by the elements. As you travel in search of a seemingly forgotten foe, the aforementioned bringers of the apocalypse, you meet others who have accepted their existence in this world: those torn from their families, those who choose to continue the fight, and those who, like nature, reclaim as much of a hopeful life as they can.The game tells this story through evocative visuals and a mellow soundtrack, intentionally foregoing any dialogue or any sort of readable text. While at times this led to frustration, I ultimately found it to add to the charm and mood of the game. The interface and map are understandable from experimentation, as well as finding out how to progress your goals within the game.Thus, Hyper Light Drifter chooses to prop itself up using gameplay, which generally involves dash-dodging with swordplay and light gunplay elements. While your main source of damage comes from your gun, your ammo is charged by using your sword. This results in an aggressive gameplay style that encourages you to dash in to use your sword on weak enemies so that you can pick off stronger enemies with your guns. This gameplay flow, with the addition of light platforming elements, the occasional boss, and a variety of upgrades, easily stays fresh throughout the 8-10 hour adventure.Ultimately, Hyper Light Drifter is for those looking to explore an interesting world with an implied narrative. It's a combat heavy game that can be challenging and that holds plenty of secrets and winding paths. For those looking for fast and fun 2D combat backed by polished pixel-art graphics and a moody soundtrack.Sidenote: I also tried co-op, and it actually plays pretty well with the 2nd player being a 'shadow' character that can die but steals life from the 1st player when they spawn. The 1st player remains control of progress and of life kits etc. It feels a little tacked on, and definitely adds to the craziness of some of the battles, but it works well and is a lot of fun."
76561198066893500,Recommended,257850,27620090,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Robonotbot,This game really is a little gem and was absolutely worth every penny. Even thought I wish there was more the game still managed to feel solid in its pacing during my playthrough. Short but sweet. Definitly on my list of favorite games to date.
,Recommended,257850,27600133,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dhazardous,"I can't stop playing this, and the story is great."
76561197997855377,Recommended,257850,27606028,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Greasy McNasty,A story without words can have the most engaging experience.
76561198026328760,Recommended,257850,27619314,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,emmet.smith,"I was psyched about this game's art since the kickstarter, but I was hesitant to buy it because of the difficulty. So far, I am hanging in there. The bird boss took me a lot of tries but I got him by playing really conservative and then getting lucky when he started to turn half the floor into damage. I am a starcraft player so I know how to twitch, but hitting the chain dash timing is 50/50 for me on a good day, because I am always trying to activate the 2nd dash too soon (For those who haven't yet tried the game, this technique allows you to link dodges together without any cool-down time, but has an absurdly short activation window short of like wavedash or L-cancel in smash). Without dependable chain dashes, you have to be very conservative in your fights. Working hard to abuse enemy AI... Reminds me of playing video games as a kid again; it makes me feel clumsy. However, when you finally beat a hard room, it feels very rewarding... Carcasses don't fade away so when you're done you get to see exactly the body count you racked up. Sequences that have ravaged you again and again will suddenly give way to your ninja rampage when things finally click. Sword-swipes draw pistol energy from creatures, lending a cinematic run-and-gun flavor. The sprite and texture quality match the vintage zelda that inspired the creators, and the color palette and sound design eclipse their roots. It is a dark, dreamy, fractured hyrule, where ruin reigns in every sector, figment of a wind fish on acid. Though I can already say the game was worth the money, I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as hell that the cape that broadens the chain dash timing window is hidden on the other side of one of the most feindish chain dash puzzles in the game. So you have to prove mastery of the punishing mechanic before having the constraints eased."
,Recommended,257850,32762778,Posted: 25 June,all,5M1L3,Very fun game and interesting plot
,Recommended,257850,35330104,Posted: 30 September,all,M1n1Cat,10/10 good combat system9/10 a good story told by visuals8/10 pretty good soundtrackI give this game a 9/10good game love it
,Recommended,257850,27622717,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Uzumaki Minato,"good game, highly recommend"
,Recommended,257850,27599013,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Voulait,Good art
,Recommended,257850,22297216,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Argeon,"If there was ever a game that needed to be recognized for it's genuine labor of love, it should by Hyper Light Drifter, a gorgeous RPG Roguelike that caught my eye many months ago.  I've waited for this baby to show up in the Steam Store, brutal and beautiful, and I was not disappointed by what I saw. In fact, I was quite the opposite - I was most certainly impressed.Read ahead and you too will have no choice but to purchase this DOUBLE fine game:WHAT'S GOOD ABOUT THIS GAME?GRAPHICS- Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ do you see these screenshots? They may be pixel art, but look at the meticulous attention to detail in the enviornment! I'm a sucker for good pixel art, and this game is pretty much the epitome of just that. It's like the developer was playing Dungeon of the Endless in his spare time and wanted to make an ode to Amplitude Studios or something.GAMEPLAY- Hard, but not unfair. The game plays as a explorative rogue-like with an RPG twist, and before I start rambling about how HUGE it is, let's point out exclusively that this game is HARD. You will die constantly if you have never practiced dodging everything on the screen with only a couple of health points to spare. But, it treats like the older brother you love - sternly, but lovingly.STORY- There are no words in this game. Imagine how hard it is to tell a good story with words. Now imagine doing the same thing,withoutwords. Like Redford's movie All is Lost, this game is a marvel to look at through the art and interactions of various mute NPCs.WHAT'S MEDIOCRE ABOUT THIS GAME?STORY- Now, although the story is good to explore without words, the game is incredibly vague. You have an idea of what is going on with the corruption (if that's what it is?), but without any solid context, you are writing your own story as you good. I don't believe that was what the developer was going for, so he cut a little short here. Still, not too bad - you can still grasp the general idea of your blue hero.TUTORIAL- While I do not particularly enjoy the idea of giving mandatory tutorials, an optional one would've absolutely lovely. Or even a training course incorporated into your city hub. Because the monsters outside of said hub are unrelentless, I would've liked it if I, the noobie, could've practiced dodging shots and dashing side to side. Alas, I had to learn the hard way.WHAT'S BAD ABOUT THIS GAME?ART- Not the art design, execution, etc. but the fact that I don't know whether the thing I'm jump on is actually a ledge or just a decoration. I can jump on floating islands and boats, but is that lily pad a way to a secret? Nope, there goes a health point. Perhaps if the pointer changed colors or something to indicate that you can actually land on that texture, it would've been MASSIVELY helpful. For a game that's based on exploration, I find it unacceptable to have my hero drown himself over and over again because lilies are not made for standing.This is one of those few games that I did not have to wait for a sale to buy, and I recommend that you don't wait either. This is game is a blast, and it's always very rewarding to know that you have the mechanical skills (or will achieve them) to outfight, outdodge, and outwit your enemy. Plus, look at those BEAUTIFUL, EXPANSIVE pixel graphics. My eyes sparkle every time.9.5/10"
76561197974667964,Recommended,257850,22366725,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,TJMasterK,"I don't ususally go for games like this, these 16-bit games. Not that there is anything wrong with them but they never really appealed to me that much. But then I saw this game. It caught my interest so I bought it. I'm so glad I did.The game play, the atmosphere of the world, the music everything fits so well into this game.Its not a normal RPG. You dont get stronger with each boss defeated but you do get better, telling youreslf that you can attack at this moment only this many times, when to back away and when you can heal. You are going to die....alot. But with each death you gain more knowlage about how to defeat this area or kill this boss and its very satisfying when you do.10/10 going to play more"
76561198104225789,Recommended,257850,22185645,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,btlett,"I'm only a few hours into the game, and I've more or less completed 1 out of the 4 main areas with no upgrades at the time; so I will post a temporary review, that is as spoiler free as I can hope to make it, and I will come back and edit as I progress.General consensus: This game is great if you are into the minimalist style of gaming. This game delivers on everything from its colorful pixel art style to its atmospheric soundtrack. If you like Zelda: A Link to the Past, Super Metroid, Dark Souls, Fez, Superbrothers: Sword and Sworcery EP; or any combination of the above, then you'll love this game.Controls: The controls are pretty easy to pick up on, even without going through any kind of tutorials or having your hand held all the way through the game. This game feels like it's catered toward a gaming fanbase that has played enough games of this style, that it's almost a universal language between what's on screen and what you need to do next. I'm currently using a PS4 controller, so I'm not having any problems, although I've heard people are not having as much luck with Xbox Controlelrs or Keyboard and Mouse setups. The only issues I have are no vibration with a wired controller yet, and when it comes to exploring the world, some leaps are almost impossible unless you are lined up just perfect, so you may end up jumping to your death trying to get to some collectibles (worth it).Music: Probably one of the main reasons I bought this game. Disasterpeace will undoubtedly go down as one of the best game composers in the future. He is able to incorporate conditional algorithms with his musical textures so that it builds perfectly as you enter points of action or step into new areas. To see this work seemlessly with an art style this minimal is always refreshing. See Fez if you haven't played it yet. Disasterpeace's composition, arrangement and sound design are about as professional as you may come across for Indie Games.Art: This game is getting compared to a lot of other games such as Bastion, Transistor, Titan Souls, etc., but I can't help but to also think of Swords and Sworcery EP as this game seems so musically driven as well. The color palette is very interesting for a pixel art style, and the contrast really works to make this game stand out from the rest. The minute animations that go on, such as birds flying, animals walking or swimming around, weather effects, to something as simple as your cape fluttering in the wind in a not so obvious repetitive pattern; really helps to show that years of attention to tiny details is what is making this release something a bit more than just another pixel art style game. I look forward to every new area, and I feel like there's a secret within every room.Difficulty: This brings me to the next part. Many people are complaining that it's too hard, and this apart from the framerate complaints seems to be most consumers' biggest gripe and fear. I'm not going to claim I'm a great gamer or anything, as I've died probably 50 times or more already within the few hours I've played. I've laughed at myself more than getting angry at the game. The respawn times are not that bad, and better yet, the music is more or less unaffected, so it doesn't kill the mood at all when you do die. You just want to keep right on playing and try again. I didn't find the first boss I fought to be that difficult, as I pretty quickly picked up on its patterns, and played it as safe as I could and healed when necessary.Tips: Save your health packs for only when necessary. It's okay to die in this game, so hold on to them until you really need them. Check every nook and cranny, hug every wall, and check every object that looks suspicious. You will find a lot more gearbits (currency) than you may expect that will help you buy upgrades. Being able to deflect back projectiles or dash through them will help you alot for mini-boss/boss fights, as well as when you get surrounded by a lot of people shooting projectiles at you at once. Don't give up on the game. Just go explore another area, fast teleport to the areas where you can heal for free, and search for gearbits to buy upgrades; then go back to the area you had problems with before and try again. The difficulty of this game is not as hard as many are making it out to be. They are just first day reviewers with little to no patience with their character that probably has no upgrades yet. Be patient and do what the game suggests. ""Explore a beautiful, vast and ruined world riddled with dangers and lost technologies."" You'll find what you need to help you progress further, just like in any Zelda or Metroid game.Final Verdict: I'd be kidding myself if I came to any conclusions before I've had one good full playthrough yet, so I'll come back to edit this later. From the short amount of time I've put into it so far; I highly recommend this release, and I feel like I've already got my money's worth.8/10 at the very least, and that's if you're a rage quitter."
,Recommended,257850,24603372,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Parlour,"It’s hard to find a game that takes strides from classic titles without finding itself trampled underneath them. Hyper Light Drifter is a game of beats from classic titles all measured and laid out in a neat lines for an enjoyable 5 hour experience. The influence of titles like the Legend of Zelda and Super Metroid are there but they’re not overbearing. In fact, the game oozes its own show don’t tell style. Right away, a heavy whir of synth and apocalyptic imagery cuts an otherwise vibrant palette before plunging you into the game. Every part seems lovingly crafted from the pixel art to the distortion and tones pulsing in sync with beats in the cutscene. Suddenly, a flash leaves the player in a strange world to cipher out details from each bit of the scenery. There’s no dialogue, no flashing GPS system guiding the player, no lectures. Hyper Light Drifter simply shows you a map and some pictures and lets you sidle out into the world to come to your own conclusions.A beautiful introductory cutscene and some style shouldn’t be enough to sell a game on and, while Hyper Light Drifter makes a strong case for this, the game does more than just poignant atmosphere. The gameplay itself fuses gunplay and swordplay and bounces the two off each other naturally. Each successful sword swing gives you more energy to shoot and shooting inherently carries less risk. Most notably, the game also gives you a dash to move around enemies with and it’s the dash that’s my favourite part about this game. Hyper Light Drifter doesn’t give many invincibility-frame--or i-frames--in the dash.* Fans of games like Dark Souls would understand the power of the roll in that game. The player used the roll less like an evasive maneuver and more like a portal to another dimension; Players would simply roll and disappear from the world when they thought an attack was coming and would pay little attention to the properties of the attack itself. Hyper Light Drifter recognizes this fact that made us complacent: thoughtlessly dashing through attacks. Instead, the game forces you somewhat early to learn enemy patterns and move around them rather than through them. In the end the game is entirely moreAt its worst, Hyper Light Drifter is frustrating in its difficulty and too short of an experience. At its best, Hyper Light Drifter is just that--a polished journey through an entirely foreign world that’ll both challenge you and make you wish there was more.*=(Fun fact, it used to not have any but they somewhat recently patched in a few which I’m somewhat conflicted on.)Ayo sucks also"
,Recommended,257850,22205283,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,The Guy,"a Zelda-esque world with the vagueness & mystery of Dark Souls, and the peaceful, ambient atmosphere of Fez. Hyper Light Drifter's vividly imagined, post-apocalyptic sci-fi world is brought to life with some of the best looking pixel-art you could hope to find in a game, and a brilliant ambient soundtrack courtesy of Disasterpiece. The attention to detail on display in each of HLD's 4 areas is astonishing, with all its strange creatures and enemies animated to perfection, and numerous secrets always hidden just out of the corner of the screen. Every inch of game's world seems to provide clues to its lore.Despite HLD's peaceful appearance, it quickly becomes apparent that the game's combat is brutally unforgiving. It's reminiscent of a top-down, faster-paced Dark Souls. Go into the game with the mindset you would go into a Dark Souls game with, and you'll gradually start to learn enemy patterns, work out how to deal with large groups of enemies, know when to attack and dodge. The more your play improves and the more abilities your character unlocks and upgrades, the more enjoyable and satisfying the combat becomes, as you dash around the screen, reflecting enemy bullets and slicing rockets in half, dodging enemy swipes and responding with your own. The boss battles are also a joy, and represent the steepest challenges of the game. If you are used to the bosses of Dark Souls, of hitting your head against a wall over and over until you learn the boss' patterns and how to deal with them, you will be right in your element here.The game can be frustrating at times, but to what extent this hinders your overall enjoyment will depend on what types of games you enjoy playing. If you are willing to face a bit of a challenge in order to immerse yourself in a beautiful game world, you'll love Hyper Light Drifter.9.5/10"
76561198011137877,Recommended,257850,29579819,Posted: 29 January,all,GhostCell,"It’s a good game, not as difficult as some say so don't be scared away by that. There is also now an easy mode. Bosses do favor an aggressive play style. Controls and moves take just a little getting used to. Combat is good and enemies provide a good enough challenge. New game plus however requires near flawless execution because of low health. The game rewards exploration very well and it is one of its strong points. If you don't like exploring or find small exploration puzzles boring I wouldn't recommend this. You gain weapons, new items, money, and extra tidbits of what little story there is by exploring. The soundtrack is good but not outstanding (the Southern dungeon being an exception). The art is the best part of this game. It’s well presented and you can tell that every single screen was given a lot of attention. I HIGHLY suggest playing the game with a console-esque controller and not the mouse and keyboard. I used a Playstation 3 DS3 controller using SCP driver package to trick the computer it was a Xbox 360 controller over bluetooth and it was fine."
,Recommended,257850,23849110,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dankness420,Simply a MasterpieceGive them your money nowThank you
,Recommended,257850,23848904,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ramshackled,"This is one of the best games I have played this year. It looks beautiful, it sounds amazing, and the gameplay is addicting. I want to give all of my money to those who made this stunning game."
,Recommended,257850,23817147,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Staid,This game has a dog in it and is also pretty good
76561198058898367,Recommended,257850,28554385,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Augustus,Zelda a Link to the Past in post apocalyptic setting. A masterpiece
,Recommended,257850,22182891,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Big Mama Syd,"Hyper Light Drifter is a well rounded adventure action RPG. As far as I've played, there are absolutely no 'words,' only pictures to guide you. It is mature, and beautiful, while still keeping an eerie feel to the atmosphere.  It IS best played with a controller.When others say 'Merciless' they mean it, this game isn't a walk- or slide- in the park. As there is no real direction, be ready to figure things out for yourself and uncover the story on your own.I highly recommend this game for lovers of fast paced combat, minimal story telling, and pretty colors."
76561198023019965,Recommended,257850,31962590,Posted: 25 May,all,Pablo,"This is an action, fast reaction, combo game. The one where you press the button lots of times, but not all the time. You have your special sword (and then you learn new abilities with your sword), you have a firing laser gun (and then you find, other kinds of laser guns) and bombs. Tiny ones. They are more like fire crackers. Lethal fire crackers. But hey, they got the job done.Hyper Light Drifter is not the kind of game i would normally play. I suck at it. It was so hard for me. But still, after checking it out i was so enthralled by it. The whole presentation (not the 2d pixeled nintendo style, that's another thing by itself, that works great here, but no, that's not the reason.)What called my attention, was the emotion underneath. Not how much, but ""how"" was presented. The main character, the so called ""Drifter"" is a character who doesn't speak with words. In fact, this whole game doesn't have dialogs, but there is a story, and a lot of background lore that is shown with images, with movement, with symbols, sounds and emotions. And again, the emotion thing. I don't know how to put it , but there is something to this game that resonates each time you play it, like a resonant image on a photographic paper waiting to appear, before it appears. I think this game may very well have imprinted itself the emotions of its creators. It may sound lunatic to say it like that, but it may be the case here.Don't get me wrong, Hyper Light Drifter its an action game with monsters to kill, energy bars to fill (or die trying it) and bosses to defeat (a handful of them). It is by any means a classic 90s game (although it is from 2016) The graphics are kind of the 90s , although i suspect it has some special effects not possible back then. So, you could say it is a simple action game ...and yet... not quite.Maybe the first thing that makes the difference would be the music. The music, wich you can acquire as a separate DLC and it is a 2+ hours long soundtrack by Disasterpeace (Richard Vreeland) a soundtrack which is completely recommended, as much as the game (seriously) its one of the best soundtracks for a game i heard recently, it is haunting, very dark and melancholic at times. It is a proper soundtrack. And amazingly, it doesn't get repetitive or redundant even being more than 2 hours long (still, you will have a hard time listening to it in one go).The soundtrack besides being a good one, it adds so much to this game, that it is pretty much impossible to imagine Hyperlight Drifter without its soundtrack.The game as a said is very difficult, especially if you are not used to this kind of games, but it is very rewarding when you make progress and advance and finally when you reach the end (there is a special easy mode, which, it has a few things less, and it is more forgiving to the players, but it doesn't change the quality of the experience, so it is safe to play like that)Playing with a gamepad its completely recommended, although you can use mouse and keyboard.As i mentioned, it could be a very demanding experience, but you will be rewarded along the way. Playing Hyper light Drifter felt at times like playing another world in the 90s, when games were starting and anything could happen with each new game, gaming conventions where almost non existent and each game was, in a way, reinventing itself."
76561198004484646,Recommended,257850,31471424,Posted: 30 April,all,Xelatross,"Hyper Light Drifter doesn't deserve a label lower than ""Masterpiece"".I truly enjoyed this game incredulously. Within my first 30 minutes, I knew I was hooked, and the more hours I put in, it became one of my favorites.Hyper Light Drifter takes place in what seems like a different universe with a wide variety of odd characters. Enter protaganist, The Magician, who appears to have a sickness that causes him to cough blood and grow weaker. This sickness seems to be caused by an ominous and intimidating figure, who troubles the Magician throughout his adventure. In order to slay his foe, The Magician must enable four towers in four seperate areas, and confront his enemy and end his pain.One thing HLD does very well is rewarding the player for exploring. The one way to gain extra abilities, or to even progress through the game is finding the secrets laced across all around the environment. Now, there are no real puzzles in this game, for finding these secrets takes focus and looking for odd or labeled areas. Thankfully, the areas are rather small, and finding secrets aids the player in earning abilities, finding bigger secrets, keys to unlock doors to weaponry, and health packs. Exploration is a huge part of this game, and keeps the player on their toes.Combat is also a strong point. Not only is it satisfying to decapitate five swarming enemies, but every encounter is never the same. The environment, the enemies, and your fighting style can all differ from previous hordes of creatures. Speaking of creatures, the variety and creativity of all enemies and bosses is large. They all have their own attacks and one's own pattern to annihilate. The bosses are challenging and tons of fun to cross swords with. Every sword strike feels like it has power to it, and does a fantastic job on being enjoyable every time.Now, I personally love pixel art, and damn, HLD takes it to the next level. Beautiful scenery and animation is always present, and some I just couldn't help but stare at for a minutes.All in all, Hyper Light Drifter is a gem. I had such an amazing experience with this, and if you love badass and challenging combat, discovering secrets, and gorgeous pixel art, this game is perfect,"
,Recommended,257850,23463077,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Ty Daring,"One of the best games I've played. Ever since I first saw it I knew it would be good. It has magnificent scenary and great combat. The story is interesting, even though there are no words written or said (kind of have to make it out from what's going on). The secrets are very well hidden, so keep an eye out for them. But trust me, you can't go through the whole game without finding at least 5 secrets. If you do, stop and smell the roses for once. My only complaint is that in darker areas the frames go WAY down. It helps when dodging attacks a little, but it takes a while to get around."
76561198101005780,Recommended,257850,23637421,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,berna.92,"I Love this gameevery single battle and ecounter is unique. the mechanics of the game allow for a very diverse fighting styles. Probably the best part is the smoothness of it all. you never feel like the game ♥♥♥♥ed you over, you always know what you did wrong that caused your death. (i've died something like 500 times in the first playthrough).This game rewards exploration, creativity with your weapons and approaches, which the heart of the game itself.The story is simply beautiful and tragic. there is no text and as you puzzle each piece together, you get the full story of this tragic world.It is by far one of the most beautiful games i've played in years. I love every second of it.pros:-exciting fights-beautiful art-beautiful story-wide(ish) world-lots of secrets-optional completition level (you can choose how many things you collect)-smooth movement-interesting lorecons:-it is haaaaard-no mercy-things can be really hard to find-map is hard to read at first-I had a hard time recognizing the other charactersI honestly want all of my friends to play this master piece"
,Recommended,257850,23600872,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Nazric,"This game has incredible art, music, sound design, and tight controls, but most of all this game rewards skill. Simply put the only way to get through a part you find particularily difficult is to just get good and beat it. The difficulty of the game is perfect for this and it makes for some exiting pay offs when playing this game. The game might be a little difficult, but even if you're having trouble the game, the satisfaction and gratification from it as well as the fairly forgiving saves makes this game a treat to play."
76561198048130168,Recommended,257850,22568196,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Zephyr,"An astonishing mix of Zelda and Metroid? Maybe. But Hyper Light Drifter has it's own magic. It's an open RPG like Zelda, futuristic like Matrix and Metroid and difficult, not equal to, but comarable to Dark Souls (which is our new difficulty reference). Don't be fooled by the pixel art style, it's gorgeous and creative from the characters, the animations and the environment. It's definitely gonna be on my top 10 favorite games."
,Recommended,257850,25417566,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,atabordachinea,This game is awesome :) totally recomended.
,Recommended,257850,32764828,Posted: 25 June,all,Ⓗⓐⓓⓘ,"8.5/10(so far)I didn't finish Hyper Light Drifter yet because I dont have my computer for the summer (which has my save data), but I really like it so far. So I'm just gonna list some pros and cons.Pros• The pixel art is amazing (probably the best I ever saw in a video game)• Good Music• Fun Combat• Local Co-op• Controller Support (but i use a mouse since its easier to aim)• The game caps at 60 fps (an older version of it only capped at 30 which made it harder to play)Cons• The game is hard (this can be ethier a pro or a con)• It's a little bit hard to understand the plot since the story tells itself with visuals instead of dialogAlso I might change my review when I finish the game."
76561198291665291,Recommended,257850,23357626,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,burgah boy,"great game with beutiful graphics and solid gameplay. things can get confusing however and combat is very mouse movement heavy. would reccomend to artists, darksouls fans, people with patience and masochists. wouldnt reccomend to children or oversized frogs due to anti frog racism."
,Recommended,257850,26958917,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,El Demogorgon,This game oozes style with an amazing art/sound direction in the 16 bit genre
,Recommended,257850,30990366,Posted: 6 April,all,Benefit,"Awesome game.Not sure why there are so many comparisons to Dark Souls because it is NOTHING like Dark Souls in any form. The only similarity it holds is Hyper Light Drifter is a challenging game.The game is a playable piece of art, good soundtrack, good mechanics, hard to find secrets, a non linear experience. Worth the buy."
,Recommended,257850,31526433,Posted: 3 May,all,Dosed Martian,It's good.
76561198040860820,Not Recommended,257850,22562553,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,celmonas,"The good bits: Great art, the battles are fun once you get the hang of the controls.The bad: The general goal is clear, but it takes too much time wandering through places you have already been banging your head against the walls to find the pieces that let you progress. There are hints about where the secret areas are, but you still have to backtrack and the map is basically useless for telling you where to go. I feel like the creator of the game might have had a good story in mind, but he didn't bother telling it to us. What passes for the story mostly consists of showing us the same cryptic flashback sequence over and over again.Also the multi dash mechanic is way too finnicky. You have to be a metronome to be able to consistently maintain a multi dash.Overall, I can't recommend the game."
,Recommended,257850,34056110,Posted: 6 August,all,Lemayo,wanted to buy Dark Souls 3 but got this insteadgit gud
76561198348650248,Recommended,257850,32698784,Posted: 23 June,all,Kaguro,"Wonderful game, definitely worth buying."
76561198047371910,Recommended,257850,33253999,Posted: 4 July,all,Blue_Phantasm,"Hyper light drifter is a fun little rpg-like game with intuitive action gameplay. The art and locations are gorgeous, and the music is atmospheric for each of the 4 main areas. The bosses are fun and challenging, which the dark souls side of me loves. The story and world are interesting, but there isn't quite enough there to actually understand whats going on without outside research. The combat evolves as you collect guns and skills from exploration, but starts to become repetitive after you have purchased all the meaningful upgrades. While the exploration is incentivised by money and healthpacks, a lot of the other collectibles seem useless except for achievement hunters that will have to comb through the areas extensively. While not perfect, this is a quite enjoyable 5-15 hour experience that I can solidly recommend to anyone, and highly recommend to those who like the bright pixel aesthetic, fast combat, and speculative story-telling. 7/10"
,Recommended,257850,30229348,Posted: 27 February,all,Nanj!,"Very nice game.Not as difficult as others seem to think, but the combat can be tricky. Death generally feels as if it's your own fault rather than the game being unfair. Boss fights are short and brutal.All story is told through cutscenes without dialogue. I also very much enjoy the neon a e s t h e t i c and soundtrack."
,Recommended,257850,30271168,Posted: 1 March,all,sillei,Awesome game.
,Recommended,257850,23910835,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,CVivian,"Hyper Light DrifterWhy I recommend it:Hyper Light Drifter is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.Why it's good:Hyper Light Drifter has the best god damn pixel art that I've ever seen. From the moment you launch the game you are treated to a fantastic art style and a punishing game. The difficulty is set just high enough that you want to get better, but it's not so difficult that you'll quit... maybe.I've actually heard of people who got so damn fed up with the game that they outright thought their progress was blocked. Those people probably suck at this game. I'll admit, my first playthrough I died A LOT. However, every playthrough after was way easy, so I decided to take on NG+ (Which was HARD).Currently I speedrun this game, and it's FUN. Even though we've broken most patches of the game to a mess, the remaining game is still fun to play over and over again. I hope to play this game at AGDQ or SGDQ 2017 so if that happens, you can watch me live! (Fun, right?)This game is just a masterpiece. It's fast paced, beautiful, clever, and filled to the brim with secrets.Although it's relatively short, the game is definitely worth picking up for $20.The spoiler below is for SPEEDRUNNERS ONLYMan, f*ck ninjas"
,Recommended,257850,24443912,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,rogerwhitson,Loved it. Reminds me of the difficulty and great design of Souls games but (unlike Lords of the Fallen and Salt and Sanctuary) is entirely its own thing.
76561198058511278,Recommended,257850,22164638,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Saruken,"Spectacular in everyway, must play."
76561198125325158,Recommended,257850,24116191,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ramyun,"on the faulty scale1) Essential purchase2) Recommended purchase3) Recommended purchase during a sale4) Not recommended unless heavily discounted5) Not even recommended for Steam game collectorsWhat makes Hyper Light Drifter such a fantastic game?Hyper Light Drifter somehow manages to be one of the most soul-crushing, punishing games out there, while balancing it with a constant and satasfying learning-curve, mixed with the same feeling you get when you go on a killstreak in Cod, or  massacre players in GTA. This game will emotionaly reward you whenever you stumble upon the obvious but well hidden loot, or beat a very difficult enemy or dungeon, it will constantly keep you learning in order to survive your combatant ordeals, and will remain interesting throughout all of the game by using it's abstract and mysterious methods of image-only story telling. The developers have ensured that each new area will be a test of your skills, and occasionally a test of your patience and persistence with the immense difficulty of their mobs. The design team and music composer have also strickly inforced beauty and abstract thinking into all of their art work and music design, giving you a unique feel to every location, using the 16-bit images as an advantage rather than a downfall with their creativity. Hyper Light Drifter it's self is sure to blow your mind in the ways you didn't know it could be blown.If you have the patience and the persistence, buy  this  game."
76561198148326284,Recommended,257850,23351880,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Tales_of_Scott,"This game is an engrossing experience with stunning audio and visuals. Beyond that the gameplay and level of challenge is sublime. There are secrets and hidden paths tucked in everywhere and the world is a joy to explore. You'll be looking to take screenshots regularly as you traverse gorgeous mountain vistas and sunken aquatic ruins rendered with some of the most beautiful pixel art I have seen in ""new-retro style"" games.I am an avid player of the ""Souls"" Games and this game scratches a similar itch: its formula of an amazing world to explore coupled with fantastic combat and a mysterious/nebulous story to puzzle over is very well executed.I'd reccomend this to anyone who likes challenging gameplay, gorgeous art, uncovering secrets, hypnotic music....really anyone that enjoys playing great video games."
,Recommended,257850,22385822,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,WaywardPooch,"Game: Hyper Light DrifterScore: 9/10Worth a buy at full price? YESRecommended? YESLegend of Zelda + Dark Souls = THISTL;DR at bottom for those who don't like readingHyper Light Drifter is a throwback to titles of old akin to classic Legend of Zelda entries. Though the game looks to be something for the casual gamer, be warned, for it is a difficult game to get the hang of if you haven't been up to speed with titles like Dark Souls or Hotline Miami.The story is told in a very cryptic manner, with no hand-holding or guidance whatsoever. There is no text, either: only pictures that you must piece together to truly appreciate the story for what it is. You are a drifter, and you must perish an ancient evil, a creature whose name is Judgement, in order to free your world from darkness. You are sick, however, with a fatal disease lacking a known cure, one you seek to find on your journey.Pros:+ Beautifully handcrafted pixel art that draws you into this atmospheric world+ An original soundtrack full of mystery that truly sets the tone for the game's setting+ A cryptic story that isn't spoonfed, and rewards those who pay attention, explore, and seek further explanation+ Thrilling combat, both very difficult and highly rewarding and satifying+ An open world, designed with exploration and attention to detail in mind+ A non-linear choice in which area to go to in whatever order you decideCons:- The difficulty alone might be enough to sway someone away from this game. If you've no prior experience with games such as dark souls, then I strongly recommend you watch videos or read reviews to find out if this game is really for you- On occasion, it may become difficult to know exactly where you should be going to progress through certain areas- If you're not one who likes to put work into finding out elements of a story, and prefers to have things spoon-fed to them, then the story element of this game is really not for you- The game can be finished in two and a half hours if you skip straight to bosses and only grab the minimum required amount of modules to progress. However, to 100% the game, it will require about 15-20 hours of legwork.Score: 9/10TL;DR?With stellar combat, well thought out world-mapping, and a cryptic setting that goes hand-in-hand with its story, Hyper Light Drifter makes for a very atmospheric and welcome addition to anyone's library. Be warned, however, for its steep difficulty will take some getting used to, which can be a turn-off for many. Do your research."
,Recommended,257850,25627640,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,"""山の翁""","After finishing normal mode I decided to make a review.Gonna start out with pros and cons..Pros:1) The game has good textures for a pixel type game2) Combat is good especially when you're low on health with no heals during boss fight.3) Interesting story. Even though its hard to understand what was happening a bit in the story I do often find myself thinking ""why is this here"" ""what happened to these people..?"" (seeing the skeletons) ""What are these robots?"" ""Why is the Drifter blue?"" but that isnt really a bad thing for me which is why I say its a good thing. I like using my imagination alot so yeah.4) Fun boss fights. The bosses in this game were really fun to fight. You die a few times learn their skills...when or when not to attack with your sword...etc5) Dungeons. If you like games with dungeons then this is a good game to check out. I liked exploring the dungeons in this world a lot.Cons:1) The MAP. The map confused me too much...especially when i went East where the ninja frogs were. I had a really hard time figuring out where I was due to how the map is made. Usually it shows where u are EXACTLY on the map but it doesnt in this game. AKA: When u move then check the map u dont move on the map.Honestly the map is the only problem I had with the game. Hyper Light Drifter is worth the cash you spend on it. Its a very nice action game with good visuals for a pixel game and a good game to pass the time while having fun at the same time c:Rate: 9/10 You should buy this game if you have a few bucks lying there! (10/10 if the map wasnt so annoying.)"
76561198071829122,Recommended,257850,25641743,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,hawaiianraider,"Simply amazing. By far one of my favorite games of all time. Its soundtrack is breathtaking, the scenery astonishing and the combat is always fun and changing."
,Recommended,257850,25635035,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Concussive,"The game's really fun it has the same gameplay of Legend of Zelda but also at the same time slips in differences which makes the game more fun, I would highly recommend this game, it's really fun and others should play the game too. I salute the developers for making such a wonderful game!ProsVery, Very, Atmospheric background.Easy to learn mechanics.Pretty nice pixel animations and sprites.Nice story.Very ChallengingConsNothing really. I don't see anything that's not nice about the game.TL;DR - Buy the game, I don't see anything wrong with buying the game full price, It's a nice game afterall and the money we pay goes to the developers."
,Recommended,257850,31995244,Posted: 27 May,all,Shursmokex,Killed myself by dashing of a cliff.10/10 would dash again.
76561197962656481,Recommended,257850,25829119,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Turk182,A work of art that should be in every gamers library.  The best of what Indie brings to the industry. Buy it if you want to see more games like this. I do!
,Recommended,257850,25772255,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Shizzy1427,"It's pretty and cool and you can dash a lot. I like to dashFor real though, this game is like A Link to the Past meets Dark Souls meets a schmup with cotton candy visuals and a soundtrack that's reminiscent of 2001: A Space Odyssey. The new 60fps update is perfect, and the new boss rush mode adds a new challenge after you finish the game. (Would be nice if they added a global leaderboard for Boss Rush though.) Trophy list looks reasonably difficult and thoughtful, instead of just tacked on trophies.And it has massive skill based speedrun potential. Hopefully the speedrun community doesn't sleep on this game."
,Recommended,257850,29335737,Posted: 18 January,all,indieCatapult,"TLDR:Pros:This is just effing amazing!Amazing art and music. The ambience is just sublime.Combat is fun.Exploration is amazing.All in all it’s my GOTY for 2016Cons:Background foreground differentiation a little bit blurry sometimes.Sound glitches detract from beautiful soundtrack.No maps for items.Sometimes the game just refuses to recognise my controler (xbox 360 or steam).There’s one secret that I can’t get because something that should be in screen is not.All of these are minor details.Review:I have to say that I love everything about this game. I’m sitting here trying to think of something that I don’t like… I’m drawing a blank.Let’s start with the obvious, it’s gorgeous. The color scheme and the artistic direction of the game are right up my alley. Each part of the world has a particular handcrafted feel that makes you want to explore, just for the pleasure of looking around. The attention to detail, the way secrets are hidden, but just visible enough to be found by the attentive explorer… The only gripe that I have is that sometimes the background and the foreground are difficult to tell apart, which can have you spending precious life jumping of ledges, just to make sure.Next the sound design and the music of the game. Fantastic. The music and the graphics come together in a  harmonious ensemble that is nothing short of breathtaking. The only gripe I have here is that sometimes the game inexplicably glitches the soundtrack, so you get this funny little cutout wobble thing going on. Minor details…Gameplay… Everything comes together here. This is the real stand out part of the game.Combat: The combat is interesting and fluid, with each upgrade contributing to the feeling of mastery of the game. There’s nothing better than striding confidently into an area you have already cleaned out, that was quite difficult before and finishing it without being touched. At the same time the game avoids the sometimes frustrating need to learn every pattern of by heart before you can advance past a new enemy, making the game more fluid and easier to get to like.Exploration: The visuals of the game combine with immaculate level design and intriguing lore to present you with a world that is yours to explore. I must have been back over every inch of the world 2 or  3 times and I still get a little thrill when I find an item that had previously eluded me, or remember the way the things were placed in plain sight in order to conceal.Length: The game is rather short, at 5-10 hours of playtime on your first run to finish the main story line, however this can be overlooked when you consider the story of the developer and the overall quality of the game. I mean damn!All in all I spent a little over 24 hours with the game in a weekend. I could not look away. I know that i’ll be back further down the road to test out the co-op options as well as launching boss rush and ng+, but even if the game didn’t have any of this it would still be my GOTY for 2016. Wow, just wow!"
76561198084245835,Recommended,257850,25977249,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Bearbearian,Probably the best game I've played this year. 10/10
,Recommended,257850,30850509,Posted: 31 March,all,Tellack Flazis,天下武功，惟快不破
,Recommended,257850,34280644,Posted: 16 August,all,Yiga,"Honest Review8 / 10_________________________________________Pro's✔ Beautiful Sprite-Graphics✔ Lots of Exploration✔ Fun & Fast-paced Combat✔ Unique Story-telling through images. No text✔ Fun dungeons that make you use your head✔ Smooth soundtrack✔ Gorgeous UICon's✘ No Online Multiplayer✘ No Other Outfit Colors ( Would've been kind of cool )✘ Can't Play With Only Keyboard, No Mouse__________________________________________Aside from the couple cons, this game is absolutely fun, addicting, and simply beautiful. Definitely a must-have for those whom are into Hack-and-slash's, Metroidvanias, Dark Souls, and Zelda. It really is an incredible game.Hope my review was helpful to some!"
,Recommended,257850,22803831,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,yusef,do you like raging?do you like breaking the space bar?Do you like getting stuck on ♥♥♥♥ing moving cubes that end up killing you?Then get this ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,257850,22964999,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Rez,"Awesome game! I absolutely loved this... It was rather challenging at times; however, it was also really nice to just play and chill!"
,Recommended,257850,22836485,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Meowjin's Bizzare Adventure,"If you go to reddit and read the full story of what the game is about if you are a little lost and confused you actually feel heartbroken :(edit:  The developers keep adding more and more to this game.  Honestly, thank you."
,Recommended,257850,23758943,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dr. Doob,"I believe this game is absolutely amazing. This game has fantastic 8Bit design. It makes everything so much more better than anything else. This game also has superb music, as it is one of the best I have ever heard in my life. However, nothing is perfect. Sometimes, this game sometimes has it's repetetive moments, when you fail at something, and have to restart, and have to re-collect all the collectables... I wish there could be a button for skipping the ""animation"" or transition so to say, when picking up something that is related to the quest/thing you are doing, if you do not wish to see it.Despite this, I believe that this is a wonderful game, and deserves more than it does currently. You're still reading this? Just go get the game."
,Recommended,257850,25733149,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ImmortalSaus,"I think its kinda short for its price, unless you count the time in new game+. Im never getting past that.Still a fantastic game, amazing soundtrack, great gameplay, etc"
,Recommended,257850,30793624,Posted: 28 March,all,YouTube Shadow,"I highly recommend playing Hyper Light Drifter. The story is fantastic and vague in a good, mysterious way. The world is very elegant and beautiful while still being full of danger. The music is very immersive and fits every part of this game perfectly. It is a good game to play and even though it is brought up around the basic concept of good guy fights bad guys, finds artifacts, saves the world type of scenario, it is much more then that."
76561198073732684,Recommended,257850,30804232,Posted: 28 March,all,Lought the not,"Dank♥♥♥♥♥shitStory was told in a really cool way, as in it wasnt told, but instead implyedcombat is REALLY rewardingart style is ♥♥♥♥ing lit AS ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,257850,30800252,Posted: 28 March,all,lil broomstick,"all time favorite game, definitely worth the buy"
,Recommended,257850,30805914,Posted: 28 March,all,apophiswolf,"I absolutely adore this game. The soundtrack is amazing on its own, and coupled with the beautiful graphics and effects, it creates a masterpiece. The pixel graphics perfectly convey the story to you, and every single ability upgrade in the game seems to work very smoothly to fit into the game, with no insanely overpowered abilities. The game provides a genuine challenge, especially if you try to get the achievement for beating the game without dying once. The game also provides little challenges for you to try, such as the soccer field to the southwest of the main town, and the dashing game in the dash shop. The game contains a plethora of different vanity items for your sword, companion, and cape/robe thing, allowing for difficulty finding all the hidden goodies. The combat is all very smooth, and the boss fights all seem well constructed. Overall, the game is a masterpiece with its amazing soundtrack, pixel graphics, and gameplay."
,Recommended,257850,22293712,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Four More,"It took me a little over 6 hours to beat Hyper Light Drifter. 6 hours of atmosphere, intrigue, loss, anger, and, ultimately, victory.Fantastic Aesthetic and Sound DesignLet me start off by saying: wow. Without spoilers, the intro definitely sets the stage for the rest of the game. The environments are intricate, with plenty of little details and set pieces to satisfy any eye. This game has some of the best pixel art that I've seen, and its effect on the player is further amplified by the atmospheric music.Challenging GameplayHyper Light Drifter expands its gameplay in meaningful ways. In this game, ""experience"" is in the form of fragments, which you find by exploring the map, slaying bosses, and killing certain enemies. Collect enough fragments, and you can upgrade a skill or weapon. My only complaint about this system is that some skills are far more useful than others. If you chose a skill of less use than the Improved Dash or Sword Reflector, you would probably have a much harder time beating some of the crazier, bullet-hell bosses. Regardless, you learn to beat bosses by memorizing their attack patterns, and damn does it feel good getting that last hit/shot in.Wordless StorytellingI'm a huge fan of games thatshowus, rather than tell us, what's happening in the story. Other than a few text hints that pop up to explain gameplay mechanics, there isn't a single line of dialogue in Hyper Light Drifter. By not having any words, the game nudges you to look at the lovingly-crafted, pixelated environments for answers. But there is also a downside to this approach: even though I beat it, I still don't understand aspects of the story. This might irritate some people, but if you're like me you don't mind if some things are left up to the imagination.ReplayabilityI didn't 100% the game. I did not discover all items, secrets, and nodes (what I call the purple shining diamond thingies). I only picked up one of the little robo companions. Hell, I just found out after-the-fact that there are alternate capes with special bonuses. I definitely think there's more value here, especially since the game's secrets are tucked away pretty neatly. There's even a New Game+, which seems far more challenging since most attacks will kill you in one hit.In ConclusionIf you want an awesome, short-but-sweet, challenging experience, I highly recommend Hyper Light Drifter. For those 100%ers out there I think there's plenty here if you want to go beyond the basic requirements for beating the game. Otherwise, to anyone about to buy the game: enjoy the taste of blood in your mouth."
,Recommended,257850,22174893,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,I play the ocarina,Chain drifted for about 5 full minutes and got up to 743. I needed 900. Threw keyboard out window.10/10
76561198083051077,Recommended,257850,25518116,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,BloodyBoots,"This game is one of the best I have ever played. Complexity in this game is marvelously managed by simplicity and color patterns, accompanied with mesmerizing music. Battle system is really enjoyable. The game itself is forgiving, but punishing as you learn the attack pattern of mobs. It feels great to play it again."
76561198078962100,Recommended,257850,25737213,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Ion_Squared,"Hyper Light Drifterhas been my favourite release of 2016 so far.It's pixel art motif, along with smooth animations and a vibrant colour pallete combine to provide a graphically striking experience, that delivers its' story entirely through pictographs and an introductory cut scene. When I say story though I mean that in the loosest possible sense as due to the nature of the game and its' lack of dialogue the events that set up your adventure as well as those that follow are entirely subject to your interpretation of them.On the gameplay front it plays like a tough as nails version of the 2D Legend of Zelda games with some elements of old school SNES classic Terranigma. You start the game with the ability to dash and swing your sword, shortly and shortly thereafter you'll be provided with a gun whose ammo is refilled by sword swings so it cannot be spammed; something I consider to be a particularly clever design choice.Bare in mind that there's no hand holding and the brief tutorial in the beginning of the game is about as forgiving as this game gets. You'll need to pay close attention to enemy attack patterns along with the environment, whilst exploiting all your abilities and upgrades to the fullest if you hope to reach the game's ending. And I do mean all of them as though the game can be completed without most of the upgrades, they do make it substantially forgiving. One of my biggest pet peaves in games is when the upgrades on offer wind up being a waste of in game currency however Hyper Light Drifter does an excellent job of offering a modest number of upgrades that are all highly uaeful in their own way. The game never feels like it's cheap or any death was anything other than your mistake and thankfully the liberal use of auto-saves ensure you'll never find yourself too frustrated. I found that any time I was confronted with continued failure a short half hour break was all I needed to overcome any challenge. I've heard some compare the difficulty to Dark Souls and Blood Borne, however as I haven't played either of those games I can't weigh in on that opinion.Finally there's the music. You won't find epic sweeping scores that get the blood rushing here however the music by Disasterpeace is amazing at creating an atmosphere if of solemn and lonely exploration of its' post apocalyptic world.Overall Hyper Light Drifter provides a fun, challenging, visually stunning and engrossing experience with ambient music to suck you in further. On first playthrough it took me about 10 - 15 hours or so to complete and now that I'm on my second playthrough attempting to uncover all the games secrets I can safely say that Hyper Light Drifter is well worth the price of entry.The only criticism I can possibly level at this game is the subjective experience of the game's story, however I personally love a game that asks you to try and put together its' lore or make up your own mind about the story, so this was in no way a problem I had whilst playing.10/10"
76561198046020377,Recommended,257850,25736389,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,The Plague Ace,"Worth every penny, this game offers a hard but beautiful experience."
,Recommended,257850,25579124,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,fetthesten,"An amazingly tight, impossibly beautiful, always varied, supremely rewarding game. One of the best games of recent years."
,Recommended,257850,22291467,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Remersion,"I have been following this game for a while for its unique beauty and now the time has finally come. This post apocalyptic neon covered action adventure game developed and published by Heart Machine is a very impressive introduction to the developer. If you're an aspiring video game designer using game maker studio, this is a perfect example of what the software can do.What I liked:- Very atmospheric game- Varied enemies that attack differently and look very different from each other- Several upgrades that keep the game interesting- Interesting bosses that all have diverse move sets and character design- Fantastic sound design and soundtrack- Beautiful visuals that are teeming with color and character- The combat is incredible and feels amazing, really my main reason for falling for this game.What I didn't like:- Bare minimum options- 30 fps locked (C'mon, it's 2016)- Cutscene volume obnotiously loud- shakey start- basically useless map which will further confuse the player.Some of my additional opinions:- The story is very confusing and never explained out in the open its for the player to decipher for themselves. I really like this and I'd rather let the environment and NPC's tell me the story without spoon feeding it to me. (NPC's speak in pictures which also makes it a bit difficult to understand)- This game gets really difficult and may not be for everyone- I really enjoyed New game + I feel like it changed up the base game more than other New game +'sConclusion:I bought this game for $17 and I do not feel ripped off, not in the slightest. This is a really fun yet challenging game that harkens back to classic video games such as Zelda and Metroid without ripping them off. The game envelopes the player in a world bursting with color and imagination. The combat is fluid and reminds me of dark souls (a game I might add, that has mastered melee combat) Lastly the soundtrack is jaw dropping and further immerses the player into the world of Hyper Light Drifter. This game is not for everyone, if you're ready for a challenging video game with no hand holding buy this game."
76561197996448843,Recommended,257850,35424438,Posted: 2 October,all,Weasl,"Overall a good game.The Story and atmosphere are great.Looting and exploring feels very rewarding,BUTthe controls are just pain.i have nothing good to say about anything control related,fights are a mess, dodging doesnt work at all.Even when you get the visual indicators for a successful dodge you might get damaged."
,Recommended,257850,32206864,Posted: 5 June,all,a leaf,Good game
76561197965977007,Recommended,257850,22267000,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,WarBastard,"Have you ever had the feeling that a game developer somehow managed to look inside your soul and make a game just for you? A perfect game. In 33 years of gaming i've experienced this three times. Secret of Mana, Rez, and now Hyper Light Drifter. There are other games that got close and that I enjoyed as much - not many -  and others that I played for longer, but these games are mine.Hyper Light Drifter is mine and it is perfect."
76561198127605915,Recommended,257850,22172111,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Xovszky,"Risk of Rain graphics and fighting, with SNES Zelda perspective. A mix of exploration, fighting and bosses. I find the difficulty level rewarding and challenging while still being fun (sometimes frustrating). Definitely recommend to anyone who liked Risk of Rain, Shovel Knights or classic Zelda games."
76561197969528532,Recommended,257850,22242910,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Peej,"In a gaming culture saturated with easy games and damage sponge combat, it's refreshing to play a game that's designed to be challenging based on it's animation frame data instead of based on your gear and level. Outstanding game."
,Recommended,257850,26953740,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Haijina,"This game is just amazing. From it's atmospheric soundtrack and scenery, to it's amazing no-luck combat system and rpg-like unlockable moves, customs+weapons, ammo etc. Probably (one of) the best game(s) I every played."
,Recommended,257850,22586825,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Rut,"As if Zelda, Fez, Dark Souls and Bastion had an orgy. Unlike dirkload of crappy indie pixel games these pixels are pretty damn good,"
,Not Recommended,257850,25767560,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ithurtswhen_ipee,"the game while the combat is challenging and the dodging works on keyboard and mouse ONCE YOU TURN THE SETTING ON FOR MOVEMENT SPEED RATHER THAN AIMING FOR YOUR DASH (made for controllers my♥♥♥♥♥, you eventaully get to points where you need to memorize entire rooms full of moving traps and while youre waiting and watching and memorizing to make sure which varient of pattern is going (because multiple varient patterns play of them) your characters going to decide that they dont care about their life being in danger and how to get past perilious obstacles, it seems that if you stay still for even 7 seconds to pepare for getting past the trap your character sits down, and that woudlnt be a problem, it takes him a full second to get up (because we all love to see that right?  thats what is truly important in gaming) and that delay often kills you.  i was tyring to memorize the ♥♥♥♥in patterns for the uptenth time and the game quite honeslty told me to ♥♥♥♥ off becuase i wasnt busy figetting my character aroudn the screen while trying to memorize a problem.there is nothing more disgustingly supplementing a lack of difficulty in games than purposefully ♥♥♥♥ing over the player because you can.  whats next? when i dash around i can trip if theres leaves on the ground?    how do i get a refund?"
76561198180725062,Recommended,257850,25421462,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,cloudeddays,"This game is absolutely unreal, must play for everyone really"
,Recommended,257850,27796924,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AuKtagon,"This game is amazing. The artwork has literally set the standards for ALL future pixel-art games. The gameplay feels much like Dark Souls which is badass but also feels unique in its own style. Controls are easy. What surprised me the most was that this game was developed using GameMaker, an engine which I did not know could achieve such a great and extensive product as a result."
,Recommended,257850,22173833,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Shimeon,"I only beat the first boss so I can't say much about the whole game, but so far, it is exactly what I expected, in a good way. Beautiful art style, great, fluid gameplay. It is not an easy game, I love the challenge.It reminds me a bit of a Zelda game with elements of Metroid and Dark Souls."
,Recommended,257850,25960669,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,The Tykero,Quickly became one of my favorite games.
76561198011792180,Recommended,257850,23917582,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,PrincessZappi,it's amazing it's like metriod zelda and megaman zero had a baby
,Recommended,257850,28155465,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,s.s.j.f.k. Captain Merde,This game does NOT have online coop and the local coop requires a controller! I bought this game with the sole intention of playing it using online coop but it isn't an option. Really disappointing considering how beautiful this game is. :(
,Recommended,257850,25733098,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Jing Kaymall,"Should you buy this game?Yes.Why?Becasue it's awesome.Why?Fluent combat, great music/sound effects, and graphics. This game is like smelling happiness from a unicorns breath as you ride on its back into a sunset with butterflies on a rainbow while in outerspace with robot Abraham Lincoln as you fly around throught the universe with Bob Ross and Morgan freeman combining their magnificent voices and afro's to give an experience equivalent to finding the Holy Grail, in Atlantis, on the moon, inside a puppy dog's eyes.Also at first I thought developers were being stingy with how long the game was taking. Then read bout the guy's heart problems and how they wanted it to be perfect. Then waited (for a sale admittedly) to get the thing I've been looking forward to for like 2 years. If you want to just hang around with a pretty nice retro-ish but still new and original game buy this thing and then thank the guys at Heart Machine for making this wonderful game.But there are some minor visual glitches for various enemies. Not sure why or how they happen but it doesnt effect the game play at all so it isnt much of a  problem. Also game can now run at 60fps and looks freaking beautiful."
76561198000212444,Recommended,257850,22197167,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,lucckk,"This games has one of the most beautiful pixel art of the moment. For someone like me who like to see the game design beside the gameplay is a perfect game for you.Your gameplay are specific for patient gamers, because there's no instruction about how to play or what to do, u have to discover 80% of what do you have to do and how to do it for your own. For the ones who like this, enjoy it =D.The soundtrack are good at the begining, but if you play for a long time, can boring you. I guess is the one think that call my attecntion for a not so good think in the game 8D.For last, i can say that Hyper Light Drifter is a old school game like Zelda or Terranigma, with a topside vision, a good character evolution, good secrets and maps and a curios plot.I really recommend this game."
76561198043891905,Recommended,257850,25737687,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Nothing Asgardian here,It's a fantastic game they have out done themselves . This is one of the games I intend to finish .
,Recommended,257850,28704384,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,snep(機械),"Viewing this artistically, it is the best work I have seen so far.The story is a fine piece, holding many different views of emotion.I thoroughly enjoy playing this game, because of it's inconsistant. It changes every level I go through.It shows that people have amazing skill and talent, not to mention Imagination as well, which Is what I loveabout this game.I hope that people can also find this to be true, and I would mostdefinitely recommend this to others."
76561198219897183,Recommended,257850,31427496,Posted: 28 April,all,Drackx02,Stunning!
,Recommended,257850,31880665,Posted: 21 May,all,Rinari,hyper light drifter... more like pixilated awesomeness
76561198001526585,Recommended,257850,22189099,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Skinner [Exiled],"This game, is AMAZING.It's like Zelda, Bastion and Dark Souls had a 3 way 8bit baby10/10 - visuals and gameplay7/10 - Music*Don't buy this game if you are easily frustrated. You will die countless times trying to finish one instance, or a boss encounter, especially if you don't take the time to prepare.The storytelling is simplistic, mostly done through images and small cutscenes, it succeded in captivating me right away.Althought there is a small toutorial, I loved that you have figure out how everything works, by actually playing the game. Trial and error so to speak.This game is on par with the original Zelda on NES"
,Recommended,257850,22227493,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,The Livid Christ,"Hyper Light Drifter: the world's first Zeldroidvania game!This is my early pick for indie Game of the Year.Excellent, precise controls. Classic NES gameplay action. Intellectually satisfying. Ambient, beautiful music which never gets tired and always adds to the dark atmosphere. Text-free storyline and sub-plots. Easily some of the best pixel art ever to grace a video game. Possibly my favorite animation since Jordan Mechner's original Prince of Persia.Criticism of this game has been confined to difficulty. These gripes are legit if you're too young to have played 80s-90s classics like the first Castlevania games, games which were challenging on a level that makes Skyrim and Fallout look embarrassing by comparison. This game is not a walk in the park. You should not buy it for the pretty pictures alone. Expect to *play* this game. You'll need skills and brains.As for critics saying, ""First boss is impossible, I quit --"" this mentality is a lot like, ""Great Expectations was an excellent novel until it got too hard for me to read.""Zelda's overworld + Metroidvania game motifs + art for miles + thought-provoking puzzles + evocative storytelling = indie GotY.Get a copy. Don't even wait for Steam sales or Humble Bundles (which may not happen). This game is *easily* worth 20 USD. If you liked the original Zelda for NES, Castlevania IV -- Symphony of the Night, and/or Super Metroid on SNES, then this should be one of the best games you've played in a long time. If you love all three, Hyper Light Drifter just might make it into your Top 10 forever."
76561198021312091,Not Recommended,257850,24770256,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Gayfraud,"Brilliant visuals and game world design. However, the enemy numbers and damage are much too high for the relatively unresponsive controls. I want to like Hyper Light Drifter, but wasn't able to overcome the repetitive scenario of getting through an area with no save points and one health point left, then being swarmed by 6 shooters and 5 melee grunts at once. Perhaps the top 10% of skilled difficulty-lovers will be able to play and enjoy this, but unfortunately I was not one of them."
,Recommended,257850,23265535,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,JupiteL,2D Dark Souls
76561198030156386,Recommended,257850,22173493,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Bill Gates,"I'm Bill Gates, and I approve."
,Recommended,257850,22225134,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Michael Macmanus,"Here is a review:This game is really great. It reminded me of MegaMan, Akira, and Another World.It also had a dog that reminded me of my dog and I didn't have story elements shoved down my throat. I'm not really sure what is going on. I think its about a guy's struggle to stop smoking or save a dying world through the ceasation of smoking.The combat is excellent."
,Not Recommended,257850,26052179,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tau,"I wish I could give this a positive review.  For most of my play time, I really enjoyed it.  However, I feel obliged to give this game some much-needed negative feedback for the low-quality Linux port.  If you aren't on Linux, disregard this (since no one else is complaining of these problems, I assume they're Linux-specific).The game would sometimes stop playing music entirely, and the music wouldn't restart until I restarted the game (and sometimes even then it wouldn't play).  At first I didn't know it was a bug, until I found myself fighting an intense boss battle with no background music and I was like, ""hang on, this can't be right.""What really sealed the deal was when I beat the final boss, after countless tries, and then, as I was making my escape from the crumbling ruins... the game crashed.  No error, no nothing.  The window just closed.I restarted the game, hoping that perhaps it saved AFTER beating the boss.  Nope.I was INCREDIBLY hyped for beating that boss.  I missed out on an experience that I don't think can ever be recreated, and I doubt I'll ever be able to enjoy this game after that.  It has just left such an incredibly sour taste in my mouth."
76561198026529378,Not Recommended,257850,28886536,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,thechill,"Good, but not as great as the reviews would have you believe.Summary:HLD is an indie zelda clone combining dungeons of the endless art style with punishing dark souls-like game mechanics.  It has some RPG-lite item and ability paths that provides a sense of empowerment as you progress, as well as a ""look at me, I'm ambiguous"" story that lends some artificial depth to those that strive to understand it.  Taking your time and struggling through takes 5-10 hours, with moderate replayability in New Game+/Challenges/completionist activities.What I Enjoyed:The over production quality is high, with solid gameplay, great sound and music, and the obvious retro-inspired art style.  The length/value/fun for cost is excellent.  There is a clear sense that with some dedicated time, you could master the frames and become nearly invincible.What I Didn't Enjoy:1. Unbalanced.  Certain weapons and abilities are significantly better than the others and genuinely change the difficulty of the game.  Playing the first time without guides, you will not have enough information to identify these and invest correctly.2. Obfuscation.  The map is purposefully basic and poorly designed.  It will help you as much as frustrate you.  There are a few hidden paths (some that are essential to progression), which have no markers or are hidden under trees.  The only way to find these is to walk into every wall/corner, under every tree - this isn't fun exploration, this is frustrating gameplay held over from nearly a decade ago.3. Punishing.  If you're into the dark-souls/rogue-like's, you can dismiss this; I personally dislike artificial challenges.  Enemies you can't see because of walls.  Spikes that have inflated hitboxes.  Rockets that can track you in circles.  Death by stun lock.  Bullet hells that become nothing with the right skills.  Moving corridors of death in the dark.4. Artificial Story.  It's clear they want to bedazzle you with a grand, yet mysterious story, but its over-the-top dramatic like a teenager's homemade comic book sketched alone in the corner of the cafeteria.  The story is disconnected from the gameplay, which in turn is disconnected from your motive.  I have no idea why me/my character cares to go through all this fighting and suffering except that a god-dog compelled him to.  This is usually where indie games do better than AAA titles, and this was a let down.Conclusion:If I could go back in time, I would play it again, but I'd read a spoiler-free skill guide about an hour in.  Recommended only with caveats."
76561197987192168,Recommended,257850,26007609,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,GCC -o SumGuy TheBoss.c,"Wow... This is a damn good game!Great pacing!Very rarely did I get stuck trying to figure out what to do next thanks to the awesome level design.The game didn't hold my hand like I was incapable of using my brain as a human being.Challenging! You will die, but not unfairly, just like the well-designed games of the 8 and 16 bit era.Pick this up! This is NOT just another ""oh look, cool visuals"" indie game.(On a side note, I see a slight resemblance to Out of This World in the artwork.-I wanted to point that tidbit out just so you know that I have been playing games longer than most of the teenies who are making comparisons to Dark Souls in these reviews)"
,Recommended,257850,22171840,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,El1psis,yes
,Recommended,257850,22185478,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,xXShadowAssassin mordermanXx,Instantly refunded it. I can see the appeal but this game is like cancer for someone who wants a hack and slash with pretty graphics and satisfying controls. and amazing for someone who wants Dark souls-esque mashochistic pleasure from a pixel game
76561198064646942,Recommended,257850,23845410,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,IDK LOL,"You see this game?Get this game.Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked by this game.Get good.Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked slightly less.Somewhere in this procedure is profit, but I have yet to find it."
,Recommended,257850,25773713,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,YA BOI ENGLISH,I went into this game expecting zelda with guns.It ended up being a 2D Darksouls with a e s t h e t i c.and gunsand a cool dash thingy10/10 would git gud again.
,Recommended,257850,24308778,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,deepmoneyjon,"This game is pixelated and is one of my favorite games. In my opinion it is better than csgo, gtav, bo3, and more. This game has outstanding visuals and if your thinking about buying it. BUY IT."
,Recommended,257850,22257239,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Renegade Angel,Fun and challenging soccer gameA lot of people complain about the difficulty but they're filthy casuals and you should not pay attention to them.
,Recommended,257850,24477391,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Prototype NT-Xenro-3535,it ok
76561198012594851,Recommended,257850,22986936,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,El Kuerto,Best game I've played this year.
,Recommended,257850,23862047,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nullbear,5/5 would play again.
,Recommended,257850,23852930,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Brian3DW,Do it... DO IT.
76561198137299330,Recommended,257850,23861351,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Timthebanana,10 out of 10 would buy again.
,Recommended,257850,28596700,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ParagonPaladin,"Looks amazing, sounds amazing *SO MANY* dead evangelions scattered across the pixely landscape. Amazing visul storytelling. So many ""ohhhhhh"" moments in this!Also plenty of""ARGH ♥♥♥♥ING CRYSTAL FLOOR TRAPS ARRGH!!""moments.Because they kill me a lot and I have to experience them a lot."
,Recommended,257850,23242276,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Mantaro™,"At first I was confused as to what I was supposed to do and where I was supposed to go, but as I progressed further into the game, it got much more fun. The game nevery gets clearer as to what your character is doing or why he coughs up blood alot, but that does not detract from the experience I had while playing this game. It is very difficult and requires timing and precision, but once you get into the rythm of it, it doesn't seem as hard.Overall I found this to be a very fun game and I would definitely reconmmend any of my friends to finish it or at least try it."
,Recommended,257850,23515811,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Scary Monsters,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥they actually did 60fps, that's insane."
,Recommended,257850,23667071,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Tempest102,"Beautiful and exhilarating. Its short length, the main complaint I've seen in reviews, allows for more concise and tightly-packed gameplay. There is minimum, or dare I say none at all, mindless grinding or meaningless wandering about (unless you get lost, then it's your fault), and every challenge has a unique design (except for a few chain-dash levels).Update: Yay for 60 FPS! Co-op mode is fun too! Most of the bugs have been ironed out. Though it's less challenging since only bosses get doubled HP and other monsters stay the same."
76561198025434087,Recommended,257850,23668951,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,robertdrake910,"This is an excellent action RPG, with combat that focuses on precision and skill rather than hack'n'slash.  Charging in blindly and pounding the attack button will generally get you killed.  Instead you must think about the attack patterns of your enemies, and strike when you see an opening.  Bosses are a prime example of this, and most offer a very satisfying challenge requiring several attempts to conquer.Exploration is highly rewarded in the form of upgrades, keys, and equipment.  Secrets abound throughout the apocalyptic future world, and uncovering each new surprise for yourself will fill you with excitement.The story is told entirely with pictures and movies, with no words at all either written or spoken.  Even the other characters you interact with will ""speak"" to you through pictures, showing you images of their past experiences or of future threats you can expect to face.  I do not find this feature entirely to my taste, but it works well enough and serves to give Hyper Light Drifter a unique flavor.I can definitely recommend this one.  It's an excellent addition to the genre."
76561198024689730,Recommended,257850,23197288,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Laike Endaril,"This game is like a spiritual successor to the old Zelda titles...but at the same time is completely different.They both have the same viewpoint and basic game progression, and both have secret rooms and rewards.This game, however, has energy blades, guns, and quick dodges with an onion skin effect.  The combination makes you feel like an ace (until you get chopped to bits by the boss of the western zone a few times lol).  They managed to make the setting and delivery of the game very unique without sacrificing quality."
76561198006743088,Recommended,257850,23681800,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Alabama Boy,"I've played a view hours now, and wow, what a beautiful game. Doesn't matter how many times I die, it always is fun to play."
,Recommended,257850,23497618,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ＢＥＧＯＮＥ　ＴＨＯＴ,"This may be one of the best games I've ever played. Maybe its just because I'm a masochist, but I got insanely addicted to this game, and after beating it on NG+, I really, really want DLC or a second campaign. The story, art style, and gameplay are all amazing, and the fact of how rage inducing this is just makes it better for me. Note: this game also has an insane learning curve. At first, it took me 20+ tries to beat the first boss, and now I can kill the final boss in 1-3 tries. But trust me, its definitely worth it not to rage quit and not play the game through. If you want a game that's hard, fun, and a really good game just to sit down and play for a few hours at a time (until it sucks up your life), please buy this game."
76561198006578838,Recommended,257850,22317407,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Revoran,"The good:This game has the same sense of mystery and exploration from old-school Zelda.The frantic, fast-paced combat is reminiscent of action-RPGs like Diablo and DMC.Like Dark Souls, this game is extremely challenging. Even basic enemies kill you very quickly and caution is advised when entering new areas.The pixel art in this game is beautiful. Lots of mysterious geometric glyphs, and contrasting blue/pink pastel colours.The bad:This fast-paced action game is locked to 30fps, which could cause discomfort.If you have poor reaction times or lack patience, this game will frustrate you.The weird:Similar to Dark Souls, this game has little in the way of dialogue or exposition. The story is told through pictures, the environment and vague cutscnes.This game lacks clear instruction about the objectives, requiring the player to figure out what to do and where to go from enviromental cues, exploration and trial/error."
,Recommended,257850,25747065,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,z00k,If you likeZeldaDark SoulsExplorationSoothing SoundtracksChallenging GameplayYou will like this game.
76561198061750921,Recommended,257850,28231913,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,DeadMan_Playing,"An Excellent game of combat and exploration, at the crossroads between Zelda and Dark Souls, with a magnificent pixel art that will remind you of Dungeon of the Endless, if you had the pleasure to play it.But with such inspiration, you should expect a solid challenge, so yea, prepare to die a lot and be frustrated by some achievements ...It's also one of these game with its own alphabet. suppose it's a trend now. i liked the way the scenery and the few npc you encounter tell the story, but i wish there was some text (well, there is, but you can't read it as it is ...) to get info about the equipment, the enemies, the lore.But that's really all i can find against Hyper Light Drifter ... Seriously, it's pretty damn awesome. Buy it at full price to support the devs if you can, i really want to see what they will do next."
,Recommended,257850,29640630,Posted: 1 February,all,Destrea,My personal GOTY for 2016. Definitely worth the $20 price tag.
,Recommended,257850,24988360,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Happy Humble Hermit,Art manifested in interactive form.
,Recommended,257850,31836675,Posted: 19 May,all,useless virgin,Yes good make happy good music pretty everthing is fun i like uwu
,Recommended,257850,32813785,Posted: 26 June,all,Hugtality,11/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥kicked in NG+ again.
,Recommended,257850,22247341,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,AJax,"I just defeated the second boss (went East first, North second) and I must say I am very impressed with this game!  I've been playing with a steam controller and it has been a wonderful experience. I've not played a top-down game this challenging for a very long time!I'm loving this game so much! I simply cannot believe how much  great it is to dash into a group of enemies and blast them with a gun then use the sword to sweep up the rest. I haven't felt this kind of acomplishment with a game since Dark Souls.If you don't enjoy dying in games, or exploring without really knowing where to go, you will probably get frustrated at some point. There is a map with points showing you where you need to go, but it is not as exact as a metroid game.This game relies on you to learn from your mistakes and get the timing down. I've probably died well over 100 times already but I don't mind at all! Its been fun trying to master this game!Also, I feel I should mention it only runs at 30 fps. But it is worth a try atleast! I don't mind the 30 fps and the Dev has mentioned why it is locked at 30, but I know a couple people have been complaining about headaches. I've never gotten headaches from any game except when I play Stereoscopic 3d for too long."
76561198393199317,Recommended,257850,32677761,Posted: 23 June,all,SamuraiSparrow,"This game is very enjoyable! I get so much nostala from playing this game! it makes me feel like a kid again when i used to play nes or super nes! Wow that music! where do i start with that music? its got a nes sound to it but with a soft techno mixed into and even some Vangelis sounding music to it?!I love the way it plays, its smooth and steady paced and causes you to stop and slow down verse the new modern games.buy this game!"
,Recommended,257850,25643120,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Shadowray,You can walk into your bed like the old pokemon games. And you can turn off your light.The rest of the game is ok I guess.10/10
,Recommended,257850,22208781,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Clockwork Dragonfly,"This game is fantastic. I stumbled upon it on the day it released because I happened to see it on the front page of steam and decided to give it a try, I had no idea it was pretty much exactly the game I've been looking for. By the time you read this you'll probably have already seen the beautiful pixel art, but the gameplay and story that compliment it are really what made this game great.Gameplay: I'm a big fan of metroidvania style games, with the 3D ones I've played being my favorites (Metroid Prime and Dark Souls, mostly). This game incorporated elements of some of my favorites, the fair but challenging difficulty of Dark Souls, and the exploration and upgrades I enjoyed from the Metroid series. The gameplay is similar to games like the 2D Legend of Zeldas and the Diablo series, and boy is it satisfying. The controls are precise and the combat is fast paced, making every encounter a fight for your life. With the upgrades and different weapons you can find, you always have a number of options for how you approach each group of enemies, which are always varied and interesting.Story: This game has no words, no text, no numbers. The story is told entirely wordlessly, but what a powerful story it is. It's best if you play the game yourself, but I'll say that the story was influenced/inspired by the health issues lead creator of this game, Alex Preston, has dealt with all his life. I love environmental storytelling, and this game did it really well. I got a sense of this deep and tragic world, its inhabitants struggling to survive in the wake of incomprehensible destruction. The details are unclear, but that's what I love about this style of storytelling, much is left up to interperetation and I'm certain there's more I could learn by playing the game again to explore areas I missed on my first time through.Difficulty: If what I've said so far makes the game sound like it's one you'd like, be warned. This game is very difficult! With only 5 health points and some enemy attacks that do two damage, you can die very quickly. You have to be careful and make split second decisions in the thick of a fight, such as ""Do I try to dodge the next attack and heal, or go in for the kill?"" Any indecision and you may not survive. The boss fights are excellent, but don't leave much room for error. I found myself starting over many times on each of them, and sometimes surviving with only one health and no health packs left. However, despite this difficulty, the game is fair. I always felt like failure was my own fault and I could learn something from how I died, and when I finally triumphed, that made it even more rewarding.Basically, the only things I would warn you about are the potentially prohibitive difficulty and shorter length of the game (about 7.5 hours for me, that's without exploring for hidden areas much). Nevertheless, if you enjoy fast paced gameplay akin to the 2D Legend of Zelda games, don't mind--or think you would enjoy--the challenge the game offers, and like environmental storytelling, you should absoultely give this game a try!Hyper Light Drifter, Revisited: Coming back to play this game again a few months after it first came out, there have been a lot of improvements! In updates there has been added difficulty levels, local co-op (which is great fun), and the game now runs at 60 FPS instead of the initial 30. In playing though it again I've also explored a lot more to find all the hidden areas I can. To my surprise, hunting for secrets and trying to unlock everything has made my playtime almost twice that of my first playthrough! With these improvements, and now that I realize the game can be a lot longer than when I initially rushed through it, I can no longer come up with any complaints worth voicing aside from a warning to those who are easily put off by difficulty. I think I can say now that Hyper Light Drifter is among my favorite games of all time."
76561198087570173,Recommended,257850,25668110,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Amazing Name,i cant aim the gun help
,Recommended,257850,29045750,Posted: 5 January,all,TheKotaro,its perfect.
76561198079965599,Recommended,257850,29143301,Posted: 9 January,all,yotkot,This game is very fun. Pretty and clever. I recomend it {-------------------------------------------------------} this much
,Recommended,257850,28615400,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,CubeGod,Beautiful
,Recommended,257850,25738639,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,hollafu,"Hello. Today me here to talk about a game. This game good and beautiful. Like cookie. Everyone buy cookie when it is on sale, why would you not buy game that is like cookie now that it is on sale?"
,Recommended,257850,22302984,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Shroud3d,"Okay, so I'm a little bit torn on this one. It's still a recommendation, but only barely.The gameplay is solid. It's part Dark Souls, part 2D Zelda, part Metroidvania. You run around and slash up baddies, collect some guns and fight huge bosses. Basically what you expect from a 2D exploration game.Everything else though...it's hard to pinpoint what exactly is wrong, but I'll give it a shot. The game is very minimalist and this was done so by choice. There is no real story, no interaction with NPCs other than watching a few pictures, and the map is god awful. You will get lost just because the map says you're somewhere you're not. At that point, just remove the map altogether please.The fact that it's an ""open world"" game does not make a lot of sense to me either. Here's why.From the starting point, you can go in 3 directions and buy sword, dash, health and gun upgrades with your funds. These directions and upgrades are not at all similar in terms of difficulty and knowing which way to go and which upgrade to purchase is almost crucial to make the later parts of the game easier to handle. Yes, we could argue that placing the items and areas in a set order would make it a lot more similar to traditional Metroidvania style games, but those games are good for a reason. Now, some new players will turn away from this game with a bad taste in their mouth because they didn't go the right direction or buy the right upgrades and were overwhelmed.Once you figure out you can in fact go those three directions right from the get-go and buy the double dash and the dash that blocks bullets, the game becomes pretty interesting. Finding strategies for all the enemies and bosses is actually pretty fun, and the devs made sure that even the normal enemies can be challenging. The areas look pretty good, too. The game expresses its own art style, which is hard to do in a world with thousands of indie games per day that are very similar.There are 4 major bosses and a final boss, and each area takes a couple of hours at most. The game is not very long in that regard, but there are a ton of optional secrets you can find. I would go back to find all these secrets, but the fact that the map is not at all helpful in any way kinda turns me away from this. To clarify: the secrets are usually hidden by a wall that looks exactly like a normal wall, so you'll find yourself derping into every single wall in hopes of finding them. I'm not particularly looking forward to doing this when there's no map to tell me I've already been there.What I'd really like to see is a patch that includes an actually useful map. Also, make the double dash and protective dash the first upgrades that you have to buy before you can buy anything else. That way, new players can't go wrong anymore and everyone can enjoy the game for what it is."
,Recommended,257850,25401572,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,mctubbins (Tubbiest Player 2017),"This is honestly a very hard game for me to reccomend. I really wish Steam had a in the middle button. Just please know, that this game is not for everyone. I think it was definitley the right choice for me, but this is not one of those games that will be universally loved.SKIP TO THE BOTTOM FOR TL;DR/PROS AND CONSGAMEPLAY:So Hyper Light Drifter is a nice, trippy little game. And let me tell you, I LOVE the gameplay here... When it's working correctly. You can dash to dodge enemy attacks, use your sword for up close and personal, and use your gun for long distance shots. You're most effective when you use a combination of the three. Your goal is to clear 4 ""worlds"" and the dungeons inside them, then you go on to the final boss. The game is nonlinear, so you can go about the worlds in whatever order you please, and it works quite nicely this way.Every world introduces a new kind of enemy, and with these new enemies comes new tests. The enemies stats (Health and attack damage) are never boosted, neither are your own. This means that all you really need to do is git gud. You can buy ""upgrades"" but they're really just different moves, so you have to git gud with them too. The combat is easy to learn hard to master. I absolutely love the way it's done, I never felt like ""Oh, I have more health now so I can just brute force my way through these enemies!"" Instead, I always felt like every encounter was a test of my skill (Some more passable than others).HOWEVER! As much as I love the combat, it is incredibly flawed. For starters, the game is locked to 30 FPS. Now, i'm not usually a PC Master Race elitest, but the 30 FPS in a game this fast paced strains my eyes.The game also freezes for a few miliseconds when you hit/kill an enemy, which adds to game feel quite a bit... When you're running at 60 FPS. I found myself having to just take breaks from this game to let my eyes rest.This game takes a lot of inspiration from The Legend of Zelda, Devil May Cry, and Dark Souls. But it misses what made all those games great. This game chooses the broad concepts people like from those games, and misses the little things that made those so great. Dark Souls was hard, but never unfair. You never feel cheated by Dark Souls, because if you die, it's probably because you were going way too fast, or you swung your sword to early. In this game, (especially towards the end) I always felt less like ""Oh, I screwed up."" and more like ""Oh, the game stun locked me again. Fun!"" The persicion the game has is heavily marred by the framerate and perspective, about a quarter of my deaths I didn't even know what hit me.Devil May Cry was fun, because it was fast, and fluid. You can string combos together willy nilly, and feel completely awesome. This game probably has a few combos I hadn't figured out, but I didn't need them. There's nothing that makes it worth my while to do anything more than dodge, slash him 3 times, dodge, shoot, repeat. Even the bosses mainly fall into this same pattern. Because of this, I never really felt like I had defeated a mighty foe when I beat a boss. Instead, I felt kinda like I just lucked out, and had managed to barely dodge the bosses super stunlock move.And yes, the first Legend of Zelda was nonlinear, and had lots of secrets, this game misses what made secrets fun. Yeah, it feels good finding hidden rooms in the Legend of Zelda, but you know what wouldn't feel good? Finding a hidden room in every area. On top of that, in HLD some of the secrets are needed to progress the game. So you basically are forced to hug the wall for hidden rooms, and check every edge for floating blocks. And thats not fun! Secrets aren't special when you have them litterally everywhere! And there's only two ways to find secrets. There aren't even any puzzles in the game, which is a real missed opportunity.STORY:I feel like I really shouldn't talk about this because it's best experienced organically. But I will say that it's very cryptic. It feels kinda like modern art almost, it's what you interpret it as.GRAPHICS:The graphics are really, really nice... Up until you realize you actually have to play a game with those graphics. The platforming segments just do not work with the perspective. The fights are bearable, sometimes a little wonky. But when you're just exploring the world, not fighting, not platforming? These are some of the best graphics you will see in an indie game.SOUND:I'll be honest, I don't seem to get the soundtrack of this game. Everyone is all ""OMG IT'Z SO GUD!!1! BLEW MAH SPEAKERS OUT!"" It really just seems kinda dull, and soothing. It's maybe something I'd listen to as I fell asleep, but I feel like they should've done something a bit more juiced up for combat. I really didn't even notice the soundtrack while I was fighting, which is yet another wasted opportunity.So yeah that's the review. This game really wasn't quite as good as I was expecting. If this was released for the 3DS, it's be my GOTY for sure. Also, it's really short. I have 8 hours logged on my first playthrough, and one hour of that was playing co-op with a friend. I'll probably rack up some more when I go back through for New Game+PROS:-Fun combat system-Nonlinear as all get out-100% skill based combat-The graphics can look super prettyCONS:-Locked at 30 FPS (Causes eye strain and headaches for me)-Enemies can, and will, stunlock the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you-The perspective is really weird at times, and messes things up-Way too many secrets-I mean legit, there's a lot of secrets-There's almost as many secrets in this game as there are lies coming out of Sean Murrays mouthNOTES:-Co-op is a bit lackluster, Player #2 is less of a player and more of a companion-The game feels a bit like an acid trip (In a good way?)-Cryptic story[C+] - Don't go into this expecting a masterpiece, you'll be dissapointed. The game is worth about $12.00 USD, don't buy it for anything more than that.OTHER GAMES LIKE THIS TO TRY:-Hotline Miami-Dust and Elsiyan Tail-Furi"
,Recommended,257850,22175333,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,TinyLazerRaptor,"At the time of writing I'm about an hour in.Things I'm enjoying:- Lovely graphics that work perfectly with the soundtrack- Really intriguing world, I'm genuninely interested in what else is out there- The gameplay elements that have been introduced so far are well thought out- The world design is stunning.I'm playing on Keyboard and mouse and I think the combat would be improved considerably with a controller. Took me a little while to figure out how the traders worked because I am a numpty, so if you're also prone to being daft the purely visual explanation may throw you a bit.At present the overall aim is unclear although I am enjoying unveiling aspects of the game as I go along."
76561198262541730,Recommended,257850,29848231,Posted: 11 February,all,michael.g.dunn,"This is an absolutely fantastic game! As soon as I saw a couple of gameplay videos I was hooked by the visuals and the world-building. Luckily, on playing the game, I was not disappointed by the gameplay either. You really feel like you deserve a no-hit encounter with a group of enemies as it requires skill, timing and tactics in equal measure.Negatives? Very few. Seeing Zoe Quinn and Anita Sarkeesian's names in the 'special thanks' section annoyed me but it also goes to show that a developer with different political views than myself can also love all the things I do regarding the 8-bit era aesthetic and soul-crushingly difficult gameplay!In conclusion, go buy this game if you love beautiful, crisp, colourful, 8-bit graphics, subtle world-building and lots of hidden secrets and collectibles."
76561198025311220,Recommended,257850,22277177,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Bonten,"Hyper Light Drifter is one of the most beautiful, atmospheric games I've ever played. The wordless storytelling is very creative and evocative, and it's impressive how it manages to convey information and mood. There are plenty of times where I could have been frustrated by the game's difficulty, but having multiple areas open to explore made me more likely to just go ""eh, I'll come back to it later,"" than feeling like I was bashing my head up against a wall. And that feeling of accomplishment when you come back to what was giving you issues before and realize that you've gotten better at the game? Priceless.Anyway, I can't recommend this highly enough."
76561198133014300,Recommended,257850,22248479,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,teago,"só digo uma coisa,mais do que um mero joguinho.. uma obra de arte!"
,Recommended,257850,22179078,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Tag Wolf,"Better than I could have ever hoped for. Not since Fez has a game melded old school pixel graphics with modern day mechanics. Unlike Fez however, this is an action packed ARPG style top down shooter.The combat is buttery smooth. Animation is perfect and the environment is gorgeous. Everything in the game that exists is there for a reason.The game presents a rock solid difficulty progression and the ability to free-roam depending on what challenge you feel like taking on that session.I was starting to lose a bit of faith in the indie realm for this year. But this is my new favorite of 2016 and the very definition of great game design. Bravo."
,Recommended,257850,22183475,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,The_Ulf,It is glorious.
76561197968650880,Recommended,257850,22182333,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Deadpan,"If you enjoy pixel art, a challenge, top down doungeon crawlers and mysterious stories with minimal exposition, then you'll probably like this game.8/10 would lose my cursor in the snow again."
,Recommended,257850,28711403,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MechanicalEyes,"Very neat game with the beautiful colors and nice sound. A bit challenging sometimes but don't worry - it's far from the real hardcore. The best part in the whole HLD is the world where the story takes place - combination of fantasy and post apocalyptic themes brings us all interesting locations with the beautiful backgrounds (I'd like to see even more parallax effect on it, but c'mon, it's good anyway). Well if you like oldschool Zelda-type games you definitely should give HLD a shot.P.S. The game's world and the music reminds me of Adventure Time for some strange reason :)"
,Recommended,257850,32015512,Posted: 28 May,all,Rick,I love this game.Downright despressed that it's over.I might give Dark Souls another go now.
76561198084359238,Recommended,257850,22320276,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Niceboy,"I've been waiting sense 2013 for this to come out lol. I've been playing it and I've reached this part where the screen is completely black, I'm sure this is a glitch, I've restarted my comp and done everything to try to help me, the only option was to reset, which completely upset me :( Other than that I enjoyed playing it up until the part where I blacked out. They need to fix that glitch though ;))))))))))))))))))"
76561198035118732,Recommended,257850,32839348,Posted: 26 June,all,Cthulhu,P E R F E C T I O N
76561198114978826,Recommended,257850,22175522,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,skooL,"♥♥♥♥ing sick, beaut of a game"
76561198158810126,Recommended,257850,32826741,Posted: 26 June,all,CrocketRocket,Hyper Light I have no clue what I'm doing10 out of 10
,Recommended,257850,32889446,Posted: 27 June,all,Sphincterman,Pretty Good
,Recommended,257850,24095305,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Natzure,Perfect adventure game!
,Recommended,257850,25518672,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,LoneStarRevolver,I absolutely loved this game. Everything from the easy to pick up and ever so satisfying combat to the well hidden secrets and lore. I will be playing this for years to come.
,Recommended,257850,22188274,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,JOIN MY DISCORD,"Warning: PLAY THE GAME WITH A CONTROLLER YOU REM... that is allI've been waitaing a very long time for this pixel art gem. and Its just as good as I was hoping it to be.To break up simpley, overhyping is bad. However since I gave it the appropriate hype It was actually better than I already thought it would be.Major elementsSmooth movement and a very steep learning curve at the beginning, this game is truely to be admired for its level of pure expertise put into every section. Every area I walk down is beautifully handcrafted pixel art, the best pixel art I have personnaley ever seen. A story, that on the surface, is simple but has so much depth within it. Set in a world similar to ghiblies nausica and the valley of the wind dystopian world. With a war long forgotten yet still leaving its imprints on the world around you. Great giant beasts long dead. And a very mysterious antagonist of dark power who is somehow a figment of your sickness but much more. A creature resembling a dog of great power that somehow, needs your help.I gathered all this from pictures and the landscape around you. Its a visual story and an excellentley beautiful pixel one at that.GameplayTo put it as simpley as I can, legend of zeldas top down sword gameplay combine with a dash move that you have to master to not get hit. With the added bonus of a large mix of weapons to boot. And upgrades that basically add a whole new way to play but also make certain tasks slightley easier. There are also health packs which are scattered across the level to insta heal your tiny block health bar. And ammo that us used for all your weapons in your inventory recharged by slashing your enemies to pieces. You may also cross pits by dashing over them which can be sped up by spike traps littered on the platforms.In short:A hack'slash'n'dash with guns and Isometric platforming. With pin prick accurecy built in to it all.Level designThe level design here is just ♥♥♥♥ing beuatiful. Not only leading to intresting enemy encounters, but multiple paths to traverse the area and traps like sentries or spike traps to boot. There is a very adventureous feel to it and backtracking for mysterious never gets old because of the beautiful landscape or new items you find on the search. Puzzels and secrets are very well hidden but in a way to be enjoyable enough to find with the right amount of effort giving a great pay off when eventually do find them. The isometric parkour adds a lot as well, being so accurate that even non intentional areas can be landed on, which in my opinion is a blessing and a curse in the best ways especially because of the dash. The world itself is split up into 3 sections a forest, a snowey mountain and a aquaduct each with different types of difficultey but being about eqaul in how hard they are. Each one is better suited for certain abilities within the game that you can buy. There also warp gates you can activate inside the worlds which better help you replenish your ammo an health and make travel easier. While I won't spoil anything, the south area can only be played last.You acess all these worlds through a main hub world where you can purchase upgrades and do little minigames.To sum it up:Legend of zelda's multiple worlds with a hub world, underground and upper ground gmaeplay and isometric parkour. With many traps and puzzels.MusicIt has the stylings of a mix of adventure 8bit music, varieing in different areas with a slight Journey instremental thing going on. Its pleasurable to listen to and doesn't get to repetative when your listening to the same track. A beuatiful OST with a very slow and mysterious theme only picking up during boss fights. It is almost always a beuatiful noise to listen to.So very simple put:A very mysterious, mood setter sound track that does it job very well. Not somthing I'd listen to while working though. Just excellent for what its meant to do. I love hearing it every time I enter a different room with different music.Graphics( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)This is the best pixel out right now, no competition. Everything is beautiful to look at, everything is very well hand crafted, with beautiful backgrounds to suit. The shading and waters effects are *kiss kiss* un le buea. Though if you get motion sick easily then the backgrounds moving with you will make you very, very ill. but everything in the art department is basically perfect.in short:The best pixel art in the world right now.Boss fights:One of the biggest parts of the game, the boss fights lead up to the end of an area. They are also all almost impossible without better weaponrey. Ludicrousley hard without upgrades. And all with loving time in care into there very clever attack patterns. Though somtime I question their design choices. Each has a melee a ranged and a splash but the way they are dished out is very different (I think 2 don't have melee (-_- ;) ) You may find the bosses unfair, but once you've learnt their attack pattern you have no one to blame but yourself.In basic:Basic Isometric boss ideas, made creativleyThe game breaking glitch:I think this might be steam fault but my game keeps crashing on the end credits. This pisses me off to no end. Also don't leave it alone for to long then come back because the frame rate will dip like nachos in sauce.Summarey:10 capes outta 10-Excellent combat system-Zelda gameplay style with a unique spin-A no word story-The best pixel art currentley on the market-Isomextric platforming with great acuracy-Epic level design-mestyrious music design-Basic boss ideas with great new takes on them-Upgrades that make the game feel diffrent :OAnd all for its cheap price tag on steam at £15.00 (£14.99 = $21.33) is worth every penny and more9.5/10 because 10 is just unreachable, nothing is perfect. This is prettey close.This game barley ever gets old unless you do the same room again and again and again so its got great replayability to that 100%minor negatives-disturbingley steep boss learing curve at the beginning of the game-Accidental deaths through unpredictable cirumstances-Frame rate dips from playing to longand a personnel not of I can not beat the game until steam bucks up how well it can handle the ♥♥♥♥ing end credits XD-a game prone to motion sickness for those with that problem ;(..."
,Recommended,257850,32869442,Posted: 27 June,all,CFLove,This game rocks.
,Recommended,257850,23183019,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,love4420,"This game has amazing artwork and gameplay, as well as strategy and challenge. It's really, really fun, and I love the way that it's story is told. Please get it, you'll love it :D"
76561198026390970,Recommended,257850,23937906,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Savoth,"Let's be concise here:Gameplay is important and combat needs to be fun.It's masterfully subtle how Hyper Light Drifter delivers a smooth and satisfying gameplay and combat experience.Like great TV, food, drink, or sex you don't realize how good it was until you're suffering the mediocre stuff later on."
,Recommended,257850,23943284,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,∅Corvo∅,This game gave me the best visual experience in a game that I have ever experienced.
,Recommended,257850,23944090,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Spartan_0078,"Really fun game, hard to describe though. Really feels like Zelda: A Link to the past, but there's a feeling of bleakness to the world that's depressing and engrossing at the same time.I was scared to buy it because I couldn't figure out wtf kind of game it was, but I'm glad I said screw it and bought the game finally. Well worth the sticker price so far."
,Recommended,257850,23941296,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,☹ Too Much Dog,"Incredible 16 bit aesthetics, just want to take a screenshot of every frame for a wallpaper.The game has very challenging mechanics and doesn't hold your hand in any way, which is a great throwback to the firsts TLOZs and other SNES era games with a more modern perspective and outlook. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a great gaming experience.EDIT:I don't think it's accurate to compare it to the Souls games saga, the only thing I found in common was the ""How the ♥♥♥♥ I'm supposed to beat this boss""feelingbut you can go back to explore for more credits and upgrade your skills which is totally unlike the Souls games."
,Recommended,257850,22202227,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lukas,"First of all: Jokes/Not usefull information- The first game I played where being paranoid is rewarded- The view of corpses gives me a save feeling now...- Everything that can f*ck you will f*ck you. Murphy's law of f*ckeryActual information:Imagine a game with the difficulty of darksouls, mixed with the look and ""strategic gameplay"" of nuclear throne and the micro management of FTL... without pausing the game. This is the most accurate description of the game I could think of.every single screen of the game is a masterpiece of its own. the pixelart without outline is something I really enjoy. there are some moments of confusion or not seeing something because of the lack of outlines, but it's rare. The game is HARD. Like... really hard. Me and one of my friends both agreeed on the statement, that this game is harder than darksouls and bloodborne. especially the bossfights. I've been stuck atleast one hour per boss (Edit: New record! 30 mins for the west boss! he was sadly easier than the other ones, that I fought... too bad, I really liked his pictures). The game is hard, but almost never feels unfair... except for the parts where an enemy knocks you into the spikes and the spikes knock you off the cliff and you die instantly...The game is extremly balanced. not in a traditional sense, but more in an ""everything is in sync"" way, if that makes any sense. Let's look at that statement from a combat perspective: you can swing your sword three times consecutively. an enemy can charge at you and is inactive for a certain amount of time afterwards. that time is just enough time to jump in and do a certain amount of damage. everything works together and everything works smoothly.A thing some people will hate and some will love is the absurde ammount of secret areas. It's absolutly insane how much stuff you can find if you look long enough.The game has a very... unique... way of story telling. There is no text. Just pretty pictures. and I have no idea what's going on at any point in time. the pictures are really pretty tho.The music is great too. just wanted to mention that.Now the big question: Is this worth your money?- Yes, if you don't mind dying... a lot. Great gameplay, great music, great looks and a story. what more could you want?- No, if you don't enjoy being stuck somewhere for a potentially long time, redoing fights, searching for medpacks or searching for your objectives. Who has time for that anyways?"
,Recommended,257850,22205046,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Profoundly Broken,"Fun. Pretty. Frustraiting.The artwork in the game is wonderful, I really can't really express how beautiful it really is. The whole game is quite colorful which is a far contrast from todays usual games. You might say that the game is happily barfing rainbows into your eyes while you play.The game is pretty fun as a whole. Like any game, it has the easy parts and the difficult parts. The downside here is that the difficult parts are QUITE difficult. Boss fights are challenging, but can be a bit more than they need to be. While the game does state that it's played best on a controller, I don't use controllers and had no real problems with controlling my character. That said, because the mouse cursor in the game is a soft white color, I frequently lost it on my screen and would end up dying because of it.There are some other things with the controls that are also kind of off. Healing -- while you can have healing kits, the time it takes for your character to inject himself, you may already be dead. Since the fights can be pretty quick paced at times, you often find yourself using a medkit and taking damage right after you heal before you can perform any other action. You only have five(5) units of health, everything takes one(1) or two(2) points of damage away every time you get hit, while that shouldn't be much of an issue, there isn't a moment of invulnerability between taking damage which can rapidly lead to your demise in a boss fight.To avoid taking copious amounts of damage, you are given a handy dash skill. It's a pretty decent skill, but after three(3) normal dashes, it needs a brief cooldown. There is an upgrade that allows you to dash quicker and longer, however it really requires some seriously, seriously, SERIOUSLY, precise timing. I found this to be one of the most challenging game mechanics, as there are sections of the game that REQUIRE this skill to advance. The dash skill, like the healing kits, seems to have a bit of a ""charge up"" time, while brief, it still can get you killed if you don't do it quick enough. Also as part of the game mechanic, you will dash TOWARD your mouse pointer and NOT in the direction you are running. I died many times because of this undocumented feature!You always swing your sword, shoot your gun and dash toward your mouse pointer. One would think, that when you throw a bomb it would function the same way. It does not -- the bomb is thrown the direction your character is facing! While the bombs do not hurt you, they have a decent cooldown time and you will often waste the bomb because of this action.Hyper Light Drifter rewards players that explore greatly, often going to back to other areas after you have upgraded your abilities, can lead to more rewards which can get you more upgrade chips. While this may be fun for other players, rehashing areas that respawn that can have some pretty tough fights, doesn't make me want to try to collect everything.After completing the game, you have the option for a NEW GAME+. This is a feature that I've ofthen enjoyed in many games because you are typically a better equipped character and can explores areas more easily without having to rehash as much in the same game. I'm not enitrely sure the developers knew exactly what NEW GAME+ really was when they made it. Instead of having a buffed character when you start, you have what you started with in your very first playthrough except you have LESS HEALTH! Two points to be exact -- which means the stronger mobs can just one shot you. In this mode, you also start with a fancy black cloak that does nothing except be fancy.Over all, that game has a pretty good length for an indie title, I clocked in at about 11 hours for completion. That's not running back though areas and trying to get everything. I would LOVE to see more of this games universe, story and artwork in the future, but the combat would have to be turned down a little bit for me to enjoy the game a little more."
76561198197479806,Recommended,257850,33065950,Posted: 30 June,all,Lord Farquad,"Great game, was a good challenge"
,Recommended,257850,24585938,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,👻Spookerados🎃,"This game has to be up there with some of my favorite games. I love the art, gameplay, and soundtrack. It's pretty much like a mix of the Souls games and a Link to the Past. So good, I'd recommend"
76561198076116826,Recommended,257850,22187936,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Old Man Dave,Absolutely beautiful with some pretty good gameplay! Definitely worth the money.
76561198009203348,Recommended,257850,32664789,Posted: 22 June,all,Cugel,good stuff
,Recommended,257850,24090662,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lord Arcanis,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. I STRONGLY RECCOMEND THIS GAME TO THOSE LOOKING FOR A BEAUTIFUL STORY.The Story:The story to this game is much richer than any other game I have ever played. It constantly keeps you in the mood to keep playing and I am tempted to play the game through another time. If this was just a book, I would definately pay $20 just for that alone. 100000000000000000000000000/10 storyGameplay:You won't find any other game that has boss battles that compare to this one. The boss battles inside this game are an essence of true challenge and are a constant fun. Though some may look back at this review and say "" that boss battle was too hard!""; that is also mainly because this game is almost entirely skill based. Though there are certain skills and such that would help, it is purely based on the essence of timing and reactions. If you aren't very good at skill based games, don't worry, because this game will almost teach you these reactions in a way. 10/10 gameplaySoundtrack:The soundtrack itself is just amazing and adds so much to the story. If it wasn't for the soundtrack I wouldn't have bought this game in the firstplace. The music inside the trailer tempted me to test the game out and see what it was really for; I can only say that it was well worth it. 10/10 soundtrackOverall:This game is honestly the best game I have ever played; that could just be because my bad choice in games but nothing beats the beauty of this game. Though it only takes 20 hours or so to beat and 14 hours for me in my case, it is well worth it. If you can't really afford this game save up and buy it another time because it will be well worth it. I would only not reccomend the game if you are just looking for a grinding type game and only want a game that you can grind a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of hours for, however, if you are looking for a game that will make you cry at the end, this is it.P.S. DON'T WATCH WALKTHROUGHS ON HOW TO BEAT BOSSES, I PERSONALLY NEVER DID IT (except on one boss and it ruined that boss battle for me) BUT FIGHTING THE BOSS'S OVER AND OVER AGAIN CAN REALLY BRING OUT A LOT OF FUN IN THE GAME. I WOULD ONLY RECCOMEND WALKTHROUGHS IF YOU ARE PURELY STUCK AND CAN'T FIND THE MODULESI also reccomend watching a video explaining the lore ONLY ONCE YOU HAVE FINISHED THE GAME. It ties so many ends and makes your day :)Good luck, and have fun playing if you're going to get this game! 11/10 would definately reccomend buying this game"
,Recommended,257850,25760029,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,MSgtBattle,"Great Soundtrack, gameplay, and its way of story telling is awsome. I would encourage anyone to play this game."
,Recommended,257850,23810472,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Novacane,"This game is very easy once you figure it out. The goal of the game is to become the dankest drafter in all the galexies by performing 8million dank drifts in a row. This can take take up to a month (or more if u suuuuuck lel) of continusly pressing space bar, but the payoff is well worth it and it is already my personal pick for game of the year but the critics will likely hate it just like every cool game I like ♥♥♥♥ YUO GUYS. There are also a few other coolish things in the game to but I wouldnt let them distract you from the ultimate goal. Driftt on bros..hell yeah bruh/10"
,Recommended,257850,29449088,Posted: 23 January,all,trash-chan,so beautiful it makes me want to cry
76561198088904187,Recommended,257850,30046519,Posted: 19 February,all,Sneaky Beaky,fun and challenging almost like a 2d darksouls but not as hard give it a try
76561198119487538,Recommended,257850,23843014,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,the doctor,"great soundtrack, very atmouspheric. 10/8 game was gr8 m8."
76561198102318223,Recommended,257850,31247807,Posted: 19 April,all,Walrus,damn good game but wish they would add online mulitplayer to the game
,Recommended,257850,22197083,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,tomitar,Fantastic game. As rewarding as it is challenging. 8/10
76561198041043974,Recommended,257850,22195303,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Something in the rain,"Contains something of Legend of Zelda, Dark Souls,  and Superbrothers Sword and Sworcery.  I knew I loved the aesthetic 10 seconds into the intro."
,Recommended,257850,29329862,Posted: 17 January,all,I smarter than you,This game is absolutely amazing. From graphics to combat to sound track. I would 100% recommend it. I also like the difficulty of the game.
,Recommended,257850,22206086,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Thaums,You can play soccer.
76561198324693298,Recommended,257850,30847751,Posted: 30 March,all,BigDaddyDongus,This is a beautiful game...
76561197984112542,Recommended,257850,22695778,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Briosh,this is a small diamond at the price of an indie game
76561197980000105,Recommended,257850,22767103,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Sirion,30 fps and pixel art style neither of these things appeal to me in general. But this game is beautiful and the gameplay is tight.
,Recommended,257850,23257537,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Smerg the Dargon,"It looks, sounds, and plays beautifully.If you have the money, there's really no excuse to not buy it."
,Recommended,257850,22214251,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,slashgear29,"Only played this game for around 30 minutes, but can't wait to give comment about it.Will update it after I play more, but here is my early reaction to the game:Pros:- Fantastic atmosphere thanks to the beautiful visual and music.- The basic gameplay is strong enough to make it fun to play (for now).- I don't know why, but I really like playing as The Drifter.Cons:- Why not make aiming controlled with right analog? That way the flow of the battle can be more dynamic. I guess there are reasons later in the game why they don't want to implement this.Mixed:- Still not sure about the whole non-verbal experience. It works great on games like Journey, but on Hyper Light Drifter it might not work as great."
,Recommended,257850,31654616,Posted: 9 May,all,Bronsky,"Great atmosphere, bad framerate"
76561198099303828,Recommended,257850,30096613,Posted: 22 February,all,Alice,I died
,Recommended,257850,28999817,Posted: 4 January,all,Zeinovi,10/10 Game to play by yourself or with a friend. More Challenging than I thought but thats what made it fun.
,Recommended,257850,33981267,Posted: 2 August,all,Str8 Flexin,Pros -+ Challenging and rewarding combat+ Soundtrack+ Beautiful graphics+ Ominous atmosphere+ ReplayableCons -- None.Easily one of my favorite indie games. I beat it in almost one sitting and wanted to replay it as soon as I finished it. Would highly recommend to fans ofDark Soulsand/orLegend of Zelda.
76561198360585941,Recommended,257850,33985640,Posted: 2 August,all,brutterins,I really wish I had the time to figure this one out.  Seems very interesting but plan scratching your head more than once.
,Recommended,257850,33870174,Posted: 28 July,all,SAMZES666,tastes like memes my dudes
,Recommended,257850,25197888,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Haze,Beautiful.
76561198028004506,Recommended,257850,25126685,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Mikan,A lovely game
,Recommended,257850,25621118,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,adorablerocket,"One of the ten best games I've ever played.It starts beautifully, and quickly draws you in, but don't be fooled, there's SO MUCH MORE to the game than you might expect from it's retro styling and tropes. It plays like classic Zelda I, with all the open world ambiguity and lack of guideposts, however every system is deeper and more refined than what you may think. Playing the game expecting just a nostaligic romp will lull you into a sense of security that only starts to unravell as you travel deeper into the world - put the time in and be delighted!Two examples (of many):Hyper Light Drifter offers a map like you'd expect from the explore the world style of game with ability gates. However this is not a map that will help you find secrets or even track progress. It's more like the paper map in teh back of a SNES manual, a tantelizing hint. You're position is not even accurately shown on the map, just your rought area, you have to use the landmarks to accually orient yourself and find the paths you want to chase down. You want to track down all the secrets? You're going to have to bust out pencil and paper old school!Combat in Hyper Light Drifter makes you feel amazing ... when you can pull it off. Your character practices a style of sword and gunplay that is fittingly reminescnt of Lord Yupa in the movie Nausicaa. However unlike other games where you execute button sequences to trigger daring combos, here you actually have to learn how to do it all yourself from a combination of only three basic actions. It's thrilling combination of delibertae slow paced pataince, and super rapid execution, and when you pull it off you feel like you're really earned being the hero.Highly, highly, recommended!"
76561198027951802,Recommended,257850,22342714,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Admiral Asshat,"Do yourself a favor, don't buy a gram of weed and get this instead."
76561198141072210,Recommended,257850,22396110,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Nerd,"If you like the original legend of zelda and dark souls combined into a beautiful pixel world, then get this game"
,Recommended,257850,27713862,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Koop,it's pretty good
76561198071778965,Recommended,257850,26318671,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sam12435,"I don't often write reviews. But I needed to for this game.This is my favourite game. The movement feels amazing, the atmosphere and music is fantastic, the enemies are tough and the boss fights are even tougher. There is so much to love about this game, its an amazing experiance.Please do yourself a favor and play this game, you won't regret it."
76561198089609370,Recommended,257850,29681958,Posted: 3 February,all,Joojinho,Just buy it
76561197980234251,Recommended,257850,29496905,Posted: 25 January,all,pawLy,"the soundtrack, the gameplay, the visuals..just perfect in this game, love it <3"
,Recommended,257850,27339563,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sam I am 0415,"I cant think of a more beautiful, challenging, and clever game. Hyper light drifter is a mystery driven adventure, A majority of the game is left up to player interpretation from sounds to illustrated pictures NPCs use to communicate with the main player. Any direction the player wishes to go is completely up to them, upgrades and abilities are relevant to when and what the player wants. This game uses an amazing enviroment and sound design to build a atmospheric feel. if it isnt that the level design and quircky puzzles are just amazing. The art is amazing, the sounds are amazing, the designs are amazing, and the gameplay is extremely challenging.I came into this game not knowing anything about it or reading any guides, learning the mechanics of each enemy type and boss has been so incredibly rewarding. I really love this game. :3"
76561197973320147,Recommended,257850,22187964,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,TwentyEyes,"Hyper Light Drifter calls to mind some of the most memorable games of my childhood - A Link to the Past, Illusion of Gaia, Brain Lord, Terranigma, Secret of Evermore.  To be among such company... 10/10"
76561197991960188,Recommended,257850,25316078,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Zen,"Overrated but still very good. The game is like if titan souls, dark souls, and zelda a link to the past had a baby. It's a good baby.Pros:Combat is very good; like dark souls and bastion had an angsty kidart direction is superbmusic is good. not great(and i had much higher expectations) but good. The last theme is really good.the world is interesting and there are good upgrades to be foundDifficulty is hard but not too hard to be funBad:Enemies can be cheap. You'll fall ont he ground and still get hit.The ending is anticlimatic and abrupt(you'll know it's coming but it is underwhelming; the credits are 100X longer than the ending).Collectibles are lame. I looked for stuff but didn't get alot of it, reagrdless i still maanaged to get all the upgrades i wanted.  you can also get new cloaks but i never found any.The dash system could be much better.Wouldn't reccmmend it at $20. Would reccommend it at $15. I did not rush through the game at all and I died quite a bit and it only took me 6 hours to beat."
,Recommended,257850,22171666,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Emwhykay,"EXPLORE - FIGHT - SURVIVE*....cough*Jokes aside, I would say that this is well worth $19.99 USD (got on sale for $17.99 USD)!If you like games that do not hold your hand, this is for you.It has the feel of Dark Souls, without all the item management.It has the look of classic 2D adventure RPGs (LoZ).If the quality of the music in the first 10 minutes alone doesn't ""sell"" you, then you might be lost here.I would most definitely recommend that you play this game with a controller; I've been using a DualShock4 and it plays beautifully!It caps off at 30FPS, and I have heard of some issues re: frame rate dropping in the ""main town hub"" of the game.This is actually one of the few games that I WANT to see it through to the end."
,Recommended,257850,22172122,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Gitank,"I'll be brief! Responsive controls, lovely art style paired with really zen music, and a vagueness to the plot and direction that actually leaves you feeling good about exploring and finding things out for yourself. My complaint? Those ****ing BLOCKS ARE RUINING ME. But for real, this is a delightful game, if you enjoy zipping around and slashing through enemies, platforming by using dashes as opposed to jumps, and a new soundtrack to hunt down online- this game is for you.P.S. The soundtrack can be found on Disasterpeace's Bandcamp page."
,Recommended,257850,22186335,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Daemon Mephiles,"After waiting for this game for 2 years.  It finally arrived, but at the cost of the game promised kickstarter strech goals features, that is still on the way.  Thankfully the base game itself is very much a complete experience.  Don't expect a long game, it will take you about 5 or 6 hours to complete.  Which to me is fine and the replay value is pretty high.Hyper Light Drifter is a top down action/adventure game that is set in a mysterious Cyberpunk/Fantasy world of the unknown.  You play as a Drifter who suffers from a nasty disease and must traverse into this strange unknown land to find a cure, while dealing with all sorts of pearls.  The story has no dialogue, its instead told by the visuals and photos of what has transpired here.  It offers good clues and histroy about this world before everything became a nightmare.  I only wish the game did expand upon it, if it did have more levels.  Hopefully it'll come in later weeks or months.Gameplay is probably one of the most fun experience I had in 2016.  It mixes combat bits from Bloodborne, Legend of Zelda and Diablo into a single game.  The result is a brutal, challenging combat I have ever played.  Be warned that it's one tough game, but I honestly think it's one of the most fair games ever made.  There's not one moment that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me the hell off.  A lot of deaths will come by your actions, so you have to be very careful on how you deal with tough situations in either 4 levels that you can start with at anytime.  Boss Fights are fun and fair, the enemies are designed well enough (thou I wished they added more, but we'll see.), the controls and combat mechanics are solid.  I do recommend playing with the controller either the PS4 or 360 is up to you.  The Keyboard & Mouse controls are underwhelming, it's very customizable but the experience is better played with the controller.  Level design is solid with good amount of secrets to find and loads of hidden story bits to discover.  You'll be sucking the life outta this game for some time, if you want to see it all.Visually, it's one fine looking game.  I do think most indie games that tried so hard to capture the old school visuals of the past, but Hyper Light Drifter to me looks more interesting than Undertale.  The detail is solid and the animations are slick and beautiful to look at.  The Soundtrack is also good and it fits well to the game's grim nature.Overall: While Hyper Light Drifter doesn't provide the ultimate complete experience that we were promised but I do hope Hearts Machine will continue supporting this game for quite awhile.  There's a lot of love been put into this title.  It isn't perfect as the game short lengh and only 4 levels begs for more.  But I strongly recommend this game.  It's challenging, fun and highly replayable.  It might be the best indie game since Shovel Knight."
76561198028437745,Recommended,257850,28166002,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,jake.lind,"An absolutely stunning game, in most senses of the word.Be sure to wear headphones when you're playing this, the music is gorgeous."
,Recommended,257850,32028365,Posted: 28 May,all,Neow,"Very good and responsive combat, Amazing art and sound design, and not a single word of dialouge to convey an awesome little world.Perhaps a little short depending on tastes, some replayability with NG+ and 100%ing each area, but well worth full price for a great expierence."
,Recommended,257850,34164355,Posted: 11 August,all,RexSol,⠀
,Recommended,257850,22228799,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,3Crispy,"Hyper Light Drifter is an extremely compelling game that focuses on combat and adventure.+PROS+++ Art/Music are amazing and fit the atmosphere perfectly+++ Combat is fast fluid and difficult+++ There are a wide variety of enemies and abilities, making combat different and progression feel amazing+ You are rewarded for taking your time and exploring every nook and cranny in the world to find secret rooms and pathways+++ Bosses are threatening and very difficult requring multiple tries and adoption of new strategies.++ The world is dense and the levels are designed with extreme detail to keep things challenging (in combat) and interesting.*Note: If any of these things listed as PROS (Too hard, fast combat, etc.) do not appeal to you this game is probably not FOR you. {[I'm looking at you Rock Paper Shotgun]}-CONS----My game crashed 3 times throughout the course of 8 hours.---As of the time of this review, I had a glitch that when I died in an area only accessible by hitting a switch to activate platforms, I could not get back to the rest of the map. Thus forcing me to warp home and completely redo the entire area. Wasting 30 minutes.-The options menu is pretty lacking, there are proper volume sliders, but I should at least be able to choose my resolution. This isn't a big gripe but it's always annoying to see games with simple graphics neglect such a basic feature.+Design Choice-+-Although I see the lack of dialogue as a good thing for this game, it does make most characters in the game very forgetable. But at the same time maybe they use that to reinforce the fact that your character is all alone, and faces this challenge by himself. So it is up for you to decide if you like that or not.+SUMMARY-Overall the game was a joy to play. The only text in the entire game is used to teach you basic controls. Other than that the game lets you figure things out for yourself. The set pieces are beautiful and the music really imerses you into the game. The boss fights are very difficult (reminiscent of dark souls), and the mystery of the story keeps you going throughout the entirety of the game.*TL/DR*Hyper Light Drifter is worth the $20 admission if you enjoy games that will challenge you and tell you a compelling story."
76561198111634374,Recommended,257850,23956304,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jerry The Pyro,This game is both challenging and beautiful. That's all you need to know to buy it
,Recommended,257850,31213156,Posted: 17 April,all,bbehning,wonderful game. 10/10 recommend.
76561198044549115,Recommended,257850,22179225,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Atomsk,"took 4 hours to kill one boss. Have never felt such sense of accomplishment. The game's difficulty is at just the level where you can see the victory but just can't reach it unless you stop making mistakes,10/10"
,Recommended,257850,24608168,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Mr._,"This game isn't just a great game, it's also an experiance. Amazing music, awesome visuals, and on top of that great gameplay that is hard but fair. Is it perfect? No. Is it for everyone? HELL no. However I would still recommend you at least try it.(p.s there is a new game + after you beat the game the first time through, but I have to warn you that it is excruciatingly hard. By the end of it you will want to die it's so hard... [insert obvious joke here])"
76561198122132211,Recommended,257850,31799209,Posted: 16 May,all,Steve Harvey,Pairs well with a nice glass of Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc 2008
76561198057436108,Recommended,257850,22200068,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,sharkboss1,"Hyper Light Drifter is a worthwhile experience. The combat is incredibly satisfying. Both the in game graphics and music are breathtaking. The world is fun to explore and exudes atmosphere and story without ever uttering a single word of dialogue or text. For some this would be a turn off looking for a more concrete narrative, myself included, but I was able to quickly get over that. My only complaint is that some of the enemy encounters can get a little cheap, stun locking you to death a few times. Overall, I cannot recommend this game enough and urge anyone to give it a shot and see if it hooks you."
76561198047846251,Recommended,257850,22200712,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bill Hitchert,"It really says something about a game when the story moves me to tears without displaying a single line of dialogue, and I don't cry over games often.Bravo, Heart Machine, everything about this game- the beautiful soundtrack, stunning world, fluid animations and breathtaking graphics is really a masterpiece."
,Recommended,257850,31605709,Posted: 7 May,all,KKKona.,pAGCHOMP Gaem.
76561198043407690,Recommended,257850,29080549,Posted: 6 January,all,dirtycheesedip,"Hyper Light Drifter is one of my favorite indie games of all time. I've put off writing this review for a long while, even though I've wanted to so badly. The reason for this is, I'm not sure if I have the capabilities of capturing the reason  why I love this game so much. It just hits the nail on the head in so many places that I can't help but love every second of it.In my personal opinion this is one of the most gorgeous pixel art games ever made. There's so many interesting and visually stunning set pieces, that I was often taken aback with the amount of creativity and detail put into them. I often found myself just sitting on a cliff side and enjoying the view before entering a new area. This all may just be a me thing, but I've always found pixel graphics very appealing and this game really pushes the envelope with them.This game's combat is great. It remains basic but in a good way. You have a gun, a sword, and you can teleport, simple enough right? It uses this to its advantage by giving the teleport a distinct rhythm in which if you tap space bar at just the right time it will chain into another quick teleport. This gives the combat a certain skill and fluency to it, that becomes very rewarding and feels great once you get used to it. The cut of the sword is also very harsh and satisfying, making combat feel that much better.This game has an amazing soundtrack, that fits perfectly with the previously mentioned graphics. The music can be calm, creepy or high tension whenever it needs to be, or all at the same time! I couldn't see this game having better fitting music.The story is told in a very unique way, with not a single word spoken throughout the entire game. This complements the amazing music and the overall tone/aesthetic of the game. The story is full of symbolism and ambiguousness, which leaves a lot up to the player.If it seems like I'm giving this game way too much praise, that's because I truly believe it deserves it, especially for being so underated. After saying all of that I still doubt this review is really doing it justice. If you enjoy slashers, pixel art games, or just indie games in general, I highly reccommend you pick this up ASAP. If anyone still believes that video games aren't a form of art, please buy them this game."
,Recommended,257850,30826048,Posted: 29 March,all,Fresh,One of the best games I've played in years.PROS+ Beautiful pixelart+ Rewarding exploration+ Intense fighting+ Mindblowing post-apocalyptic world+ Upgradable sword/movement+ Cosy and/or scary dominating music+ 60 fpsCONS- Some boss fight pattern could be randomized- Could be more upgrades- Replayability
,Recommended,257850,34473442,Posted: 24 August,all,♛GU€€I $O$A♛,i really like this game but they should include CO-OP ;)
,Recommended,257850,34473935,Posted: 24 August,all,DL_GT | DLZEREF,"Sinceramente en un principio no planeaba para nada comprarlo no veia que valiera la pena, pero despues de un tiempo me lo empeze a pensar y termine por comprarlo ahora me arrepiento de no haberlo comprado antes porque me encanto.Tiene un soundtrack hermoso y unas mecanicas complicadas pero faciles de aprender a usar, mucha variedad de enemigos, suficientes jefes para entrenerte pero lo unico malo es que fue muy corto aunque esas horas fueron de lo mejor y la verdad recomiendo mucho este juego si tienen el dinero y no saben que comprar les recomendaria Hyper Light Drifter claro si les gusta la dificultad y no se enojan como niñas por morir mucho xD.Muy buen juego recomendado 100% por mi :v."
76561198155311560,Recommended,257850,34623465,Posted: 30 August,all,Agorixel,"Great Game,short review..."
,Recommended,257850,34683612,Posted: 2 September,all,♥Skyrie♥,Ish gud
,Recommended,257850,22176982,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Amppelix,"Very fun and atmospheric Zeldalike with some pretty unforgiving combat. If you can handle a challenge and/or beating your head against a boss for a while until you finally succeed, you'll have lots of fun. At somewhere around 8 hours to beat, it isn't too long but there are lots of secrets to find, many of which I haven't even begun to uncover yet."
,Recommended,257850,23989286,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,JINORU,"Amazing game by a dedicated group of artists. It has beautiful sound and music with gorgeous 8 bit art. Yes, its actually 8 bit and they make it work. A whole lot of blues and reds.The action is fast. Its like if you took the dash from any game with a dash and put it in the original Legend of Zelda and replaced all the text dialog with single frame diaramas for the character speech.Sometimes the controls are a bit funky but I've gotten used to it. Its a hard game even when everything technically works. Great challenging design."
76561198132879313,Recommended,257850,22433827,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Classic Zena,11/10 The edges kill you now and again.
76561198004372302,Recommended,257850,25222217,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,九州纹龙,典型俯视过关动作游戏，爽快的砍杀，绚丽的特效，马赛克角色都是我给好评的理由。---------------------------------------------------------------------I heard the game got a SFC/SNES version which I want to try.
,Recommended,257850,22263097,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Yrrzy,Calling this my ideal game would be an understatement.
76561198068711138,Recommended,257850,26258129,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Vedalken,"Superb artwork, a phenomenal soundtrack, and crisp mechanics come together to create a stellar action-adventure game. Definitely easier to play with a controller, as the game intially warns, but it is fluid enough with a keyboard and mouse. Try re-mapping your controls a little. For example, I set heal to 'R'.I've found that there's a lot of replayability with all the secrets, the completionist-style achievements (collect all of this or all of that), and new game plus. You can beat the game and still have many things left to do.My only qualm is that you have to go out of your way to earn the vast majority of the achievements. Earning a bit more for doing things that are part of the natural progression of the game would have been, in my opinion, a better design. But this is a small complaint which is dwarfed by the game's numerous strengths.All in all, a very solid experience."
,Not Recommended,257850,22725516,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Forstride,"Let me just start this review off by saying, I don't completely dislike the game.  It does a few things fairly well.  The combat is fun and fluid, the art is great, and the soundtrack is nice.However, I feel like the game does a lot of things wrong.  For starters, my biggest complaint with the game is the world in it.  You have a decently sized world, but it feels completely lifeless.  None of the characters in the game actually have any dialogue, and all speak through pictures, the story is very loosely explained (And even then, it's EXTREMELY vague on what's actually going on), and while this has sort of become a trend in certain games, it just leaves me feeling disconnected from the game's world, and I don't feel ""invested"" enough into it.The other complaint I have, is a lot of things feel too same-y.  The areas in the game, the enemies, and even just the core gameplay itself.  The main areas in the game have a lot of different rooms and whatnot within them, but there's really not much that makes them feel unique.  The enemies are kind of the same in this regard.  There's just not a lot that really stands out at all, especially compared to the first Kickstarter trailer for the game, which showed a lot of unique and interesting content that was apparently cut from the final game.Now, while the combat in the game is fun, that's really all there is to the game.  There aren't any puzzles, there aren't any gripping cutscenes or conversations, there aren't any sidequests, or really anything to break up the hack 'n slash gameplay.  It just felt like I was wandering endlessly, killing everything in sight, with no real purpose or goal in doing so.As someone who followed the game since it was first announced, and eagerly awaited its release, I was fairly disappointed with the game, and while I didn't actually complete it, I was right at the end, and just couldn't bring myself to bother finishing it, as silly as that may sound."
,Recommended,257850,27592997,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,envoy,"this is the best game i played this year. crazy art, deep mechanics, wordless narrative, skill upgrades, offline multiplayer, NG+, soccer mini game, 100s of secrets, 60fps, this game has it all and the devs are still updating it.dark souls bosses and crowded dungeon rooms quickly toughen you up for worse to come, you can make combos by cancelling the sword into gun shots then dashing around to avoid projectiles and this just gets better as you improve and upgrade.unlocks give you stuff like reflective dashes and jedi sword counters on bullets. there are different gun types and slashing enemies refills the gun ammo, so youre monitoring health and ammo amidst the bullet hell and hack n slash whilst trying not to be distracted by how damn good the art is.get reqt 10/10"
,Recommended,257850,31935351,Posted: 24 May,all,DREADward The Hazardous,NieR:Automata but it's Ｓ Ｙ Ｎ Ｔ Ｈ Ｗ Ａ Ｖ Ｅ
76561198304080329,Recommended,257850,32098793,Posted: 31 May,all,UrLocalCheapSk8,Love this game!  Buy it.
76561198018019016,Recommended,257850,25027969,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,K-Mart Security,I bought this game on a whim and I certainly don't regret it
,Recommended,257850,26469324,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Laxxy,I LOVE THIS GAME
76561198106331444,Recommended,257850,28580318,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Blast50,100/10
,Recommended,257850,23058953,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,SunDrippedDevil,"Hyperlight Drifter is an action/adventure game reminiscent of the the Legend of Zelda from the NES. You play as the Drifter, and view the world from a bird's eye view. The game world is open and vast, and you must go undertake a quest to save existence. Along the way, you will find better equipment, and currency which you can then use to upgrade your equipment and skills.This game is gorgeous. Its art style is very reminiscent of the 8-bit and 16-bit eras of videogames, and it certainly plays like a game from that era. The game is challenging, but not brutally difficult. Combined with the music, it is very easy to get lost inside the world of Hyper Light Drifter. Did I mention that this game is gorgeous?The story is vague, and told purely through visuals, as there is no spoken language or written english text in the game. There is a coded language than you can decipher (I believe other players have deciphered it) that offer additional clues about the plot for you to interpret.The gameplay is both fast-paced, with peaceful lulls in-between, to explore and find the game's countless hidden secrets.This little game is a lot of fun. A must play for anyone that loves action games, pixel-based art, or longs for the old days of NES adventures.The only negative thing I have to say about this game is that the Steam achievements don't seem to be working properly at the time of this review. However, that's such a minor detail that will probably get fixed, and does not really affect the game itself.This game truly is a gem. I hope Heart Machine adds more content to this game, or simply makes other games. Treat yourself. Play this game!EDIT: The game has now been updated to 60 FPS with new playmodes."
76561198129258826,Recommended,257850,22863357,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,canetti.ares,awsome game good job
76561198145919902,Recommended,257850,35072411,Posted: 19 September,all,Podrick,"Overall, this game is good. The mysterious story, upgrade system, and difficult bosses make the game pretty fun to play, but only once or twice. After that, the game quickly loses value. Allow me to explain - doing anything fun outside of the main game - besides the boss rush mode - requires getting up to SIXTEEN hidden collectible items, which in itself requires you to beat every dungeon in every section of the map. It's a lot of work to go through for a wave-based arena mode and some outfits.Additionally, the controls just feel off. Maybe it's because I'm using a PS4 controller through DS4Windows, but the game just feels unresponsive at times. Turning quickly to throw a grenade is difficult and usually never works, for example. Again, that may be just me.There's also the upgrades. I like a game with an upgrade system, but this one irks me. A single upgrade requires finding twelve glowing yellow Bits, which can be a grind for your first playthrough. Plus, some of the upgrades are really not worth their price or even just don't work - there's an upgrade where your dash will shield you from projectiles if you dash towards them, but it NEVER WORKS. It's not worth buying at all, and yet it still costs the three gear bits. There's also the chain dash upgrade - it seems great before you get it, but it's a minor improvement at best since any dash chain of over three dashes causes you to slide on the ground, possibly to your death.Next, replayability. This game has some, not as much as it strives for, though. Playing through once or twice is fun, but any more is really just a grind. And then you take into account the Alt character, which is even worse. Normally, a new character to play the game through with is AWESOME. With Alt, though, she offers very little to the game's experience - in fact, she takes away from it. Her primary attack is not upgradeable, and as far as I know the outfits cannot be used on her, save maybe for the companions. Using her takes away from the exploration of the game, and the want to find new, better gear.Finally, quality. This game lacks it, that's clear. The bed at the beginning of the game isn't even fully real - the top half just doesn't have collision, so standing in it makes it look like you're in it without the effort of having to make a single animation for actually getting into bed. There's also a mirror in the starting room that, for whatever reason, shows your character two pixels too far to the left. That's just inexcusable for me. Not to mention the endless unskippable cutscenes for every time you get four gear Bits or start a boss fight. There's also the matter of getting hit around corners, which appears sometimes.Here's my opinion - if you want to play this game casually once or twice, go right ahead, you'll enjoy it. Anything more than that is just an unfun grind for gear."
,Not Recommended,257850,29675076,Posted: 3 February,all,Akriloth2160,"WAIT! WAIT!I can see you jumping to conclusions at quite literally seeing red on my rating for this game. Don't misunderstand me, I'm not trying to say this game is awful, certainly not on an objective level. There's a lot to like about this game, and as my total play time would imply in this context, I was compelled to play quite a hefty chunk of this game. This, if anything, is one of those situations where I'd prattle on for a bit about how much better it would be if Valve implemented a rating for ""Mixed"", or at least somewhere in between a binary ""yes or no"" rating.There are plenty of things I can praise about Hyper Light Drifter - the art style is absolutely gorgeous, and the way it handles sweeping landscapes through layered 2D backgrounds is spectacular. There's a lot of visual panache on display, and massive kudos to them. The combat also has a nice amount of weight to it, with melee attacks having a satisfying delay to them whenever they connect, and some of the guns feel quite nice to use as well. And controls-wise, I have to say that I had no problem with playing this game using a keyboard, despite what they say during one of the splash screens about how controllers are recommended. Granted, I had to change the controls in the options menu so that I dashed in the way I was moving rather than the way I was aiming, but it's not a big deal.Where it all starts falling apart for me is in the overall gameplay loop. The idea is to roam throughout each of the four sides of the map and collect four triangular macguffins for each side, and activate one of four monoliths on each end. To what end, it's not entirely clear, especially not in the way this game handles dialogue pictorially. That's not a bad thing in and of itself, particularly given the gorgeous imagery at play here. However, I can understand if it does give people less of a reason to care at a much earlier point in the game than it did for me.It gets especially bad when you have to negotiate fairly complex underground areas in order to find these macguffins. The map screen helps alleviate this somewhat, but the unfair checkpoint placement and the obnoxious difficulty of the combat inflated further by the overreliance on stunlocking the player makes it feel needlessly padded, even before some of the more egregious areas like a darkened room.As for the boss fights that punctuate the near-end of each of the segments (Except the southern one, for some reason that feels more like innovation for innovation's sake), I can leave aside my frustrations with trying to beat them (I mean, I'm the guy who enjoys Furi, so the difficulty by itself wouldn't be the issue), but with this colourful, captivating aesthetic, they really feel like a wasted opportunity by being nothing more than slightly larger than the regular enemies with arrays of hard-to-dodge attacks. If you're going in expecting to fight anything like the three giants depicted in the game's opening, you're going to be sorely disappointed, at least for the majority of the time.I really wanted to like this game, and at the end of the day, my issues with it stem more from my own personal preferences more than anything else, to the degree where I am willing to say that it's more of a case of this being a game that's simply not for everyone. It's certainly not an awful game, it's perfectly playable regardless of whether you stick with a controller or a keyboard, the art style is gorgeous, and the world this game creates through imagery alone is a fascinating tale.However, if you have even the slightest doubt as to whether this game would be for you, for the love of God, wait for a sale. It's nowhere near as egregious a case of questionable pricing as, say, The Witness, but at £15 or your regional equivalent, I can't say I recommend it, certainly not to your average conoisseur of indie games.2.5/5"
,Recommended,257850,33354503,Posted: 7 July,all,NotObscuro,"Just buy the damn game, its awesome!"
76561198082114507,Recommended,257850,22177070,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,b l a z i n g b i r d y,"============================================Hyper Light Drifter makes me a Hyper Tight Dripper ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)============================================No, but in all seriousness... Buy this game.(this is my first real review please enjoy!)==================================================PROS-It's like a Souls game, Legend of Zelda, Nuclear Throne, and something beautiful, and unique had a very special hug. Its like these games are very similar but yet very very different.-The soundtrack= ""omfg yes why u so beautiful?!"" -me- This game had me engrossed and in awe from the very title screen! The begining is so mysterious I couldn't peel my eyes from my monitor.- The combat= 10/10. You actually have to think in order to fight unlike many other games. I LOVE the dash mechanic! (idc if you don't think its a combat maneuver it is extremely important for survival in combat)- The Colors.... dude just look at the damn photos and tell me that ain't beautiful.- The soundtrack.. oh wait I alreasdy said that.- Just the whole big bundle of the beautiful, unique, awe-inspiring game that is Hyper Light Drifter. Like no joke I am predicting this game to be one of the top 3 most played games in my library by the end of this year.==================================================CONS[do keep in mind it did come out yesterday 3/31/16]-For me, it takes a while to start up. That might be because my PC is literally♥♥♥♥♥♥- Just a few bugs. It did just come out though.- The long♥♥♥♥♥wait we had for it to be released.==================================================So, it's all up to you to buy this game but please listen to my opinion on it and buy it. you'll thank me I promise"
,Recommended,257850,22202913,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,the owner of the white sedan,"Really fun, hard as ♥♥♥♥. Essentially my type of game."
,Recommended,257850,22203616,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lulu-cide,"Been anticipating this game for a while and everything seemed to have lived up to expectations.  World is unique and very serene, especially with the lovely Disasterpiece music.Going in gameplay can seem pretty challenging but once you learn the ropes you gain a lot of momentum (and because of this difficult curve can lower off midway through)Exploring is fun and exciting but the backtracking not so much,  the map design is unique but difficult to understand.  Looking for that last collectible in an area turns into a big chore.But all that aside I enjoyed it enough to beat it basically overnight,  combat is fast quick and satisfying and bosses even more so.  There are many complaints about framerate, checkpoints, and the minimal ui but none of this was a problem for me (I also played with Keyboard+Mouse and didnt have much trouble)Get this game!"
76561198005226856,Recommended,257850,22203977,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Novatech,"This is a very well made, very challenging game. The Rockpapershotgun crybaby should be fired for his completely false review.If you want a challenge and enjoy pixel art then this is your game."
76561198116931964,Recommended,257850,22243212,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,y i k e,"One of the most beautiful and detailed games I've played. The story is mysterious and doesn't reveal itself right away, rather through the enviroment. If you pay attention to the opening cutscene and think about it some it starts to make sense and it is certainly not as limited as others say.The combat is fair but challanging. The bosses will take some repitition and learning their patterns is the best way to go about it. This is not a hack n slash and combat is more like precise dueling than some sort of slamathon WWE poundtown. Strike when an oppertunity is available, then retreat and if possible throw a few shots from range. Just play patiently and you will be rewarded. When I died to bosses I found myself encouraged to go again rather than getting frustrated and quitting (which is my normal experience with difficult games ie dark souls).The art is tremendous and really sinks you into the world. Make sure you take time to appritiate the details and enjoy the vistas, they are part of the experience! Don't rush through to complete this quickly as you won't understand the game or enjoy it as much. And while you are enjoying it, look for secret walls or cliff edges, they hold worthwhile rewards.In all, I highly recommend this game. The difficulty is there but does not alienate those not typically fond of that (me). The art kept me motivated when I struggled and gave me time to breathe. The story kept me enthralled and thinking, but thinking is definitely necessary if you want to understand it. The $20 price tag may seem steep on entry, but the time I've put in this game (6 hours right now and I'm about half way through) does not reflect my enjoyment of this game. I'm usually the cheap kind of gamer but I picked this up first day 10% off and wouldn't regret paying full price.edit: Now you can play at 60 fps so there is literally no reason not to buy this"
76561198042181979,Recommended,257850,22203718,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Woodman,"If you like Zelda, Axiom Verge, Shovel Knight or Journey then your will love this. The game play is great and I love how they tell the story. The games difficulty is just right. Not to hard and not to easy. Graphics and Sounds are also amazing. This is the most fun I've had with an indie game since Axiom Verge."
,Recommended,257850,22203900,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,K00PA,Game of the year imho.
76561198138701091,Recommended,257850,22232666,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Snufkin,"The game is very fun and challenging, the style, story and music are wonderful and mysterious! Good fast paced combat will keep you on your toes. HLD has a Snes vibe that new and old school players will love, also the Drifter is a pretty cool character to play. Great job to the developers. I am very happy with my purchase!(Copy Pasted from Wiki) The story concept was inspired by lead developer Alex Preston's heart disease and has been likened by others to Studio Ghibli's Castle in the Sky. while Preston cites the studio's Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind as inspiration for the game's world.*Respect*"
,Recommended,257850,30805147,Posted: 28 March,all,LucidJay,Greatest. Of. All. Time.I only wish I could erase my memory of the game every play through.
,Recommended,257850,30804980,Posted: 28 March,all,Dessard,"Hyper Light Drifter is probably my favourite game ever, a year after playing it through.  It's got gorgeous art and sound design, a world that's full of detail and implicit worldbuilding, and moments that will take your breath away.  The combat and general movement system is also great - simultaneously strategic and dynamic, all about pacing, and satisfyingly crunchy.  It's the kind of game you revel in.  There's a button to sit and gaze into the distance.I don't really have anything to say that hasn't been said before, but two notes - one, people complain about the controls.  If you're not someone who can internalize timing at all, then this isn't a game for you but I'm not an amazing gamer and still ; additionally, it's designed for gamepad and probably best on it, but I played it on mouse and keyboard and it was great once I turned my mouse sensitivity way up.  Two, *after* beating the game once go check out the developers, find the making of video - but not before.  Seriously.  You'd regret it."
,Recommended,257850,30801127,Posted: 28 March,all,Fausterion,"Think Legend of Zelda, with the difficulty of a darks souls, wrapped in a retro aesthetic. I have some nitpicks over certain design decisions, but overrall it's a great game."
76561198075215557,Recommended,257850,30801853,Posted: 28 March,all,Spatz447+,Great game.Great visuals.Great sound track.Non-existant story that actually does exist but good luck figuring it out!
,Recommended,257850,30803215,Posted: 28 March,all,skeledude,THIS GAME IS REALLY GOOD BUY ITITS KINDA EXPENSIVE SO MAYBE NOT AT FULL PRICEBUT I REALLY LIKED IT
,Recommended,257850,30804222,Posted: 28 March,all,Fungixl,mysteriouschallengingzipzipslipslash bang combatthe best
,Recommended,257850,30804697,Posted: 28 March,all,Squeegee McGee,"This is without question one of the single best games I've ever played in my life. Yes, it is flawed, like all games, but its flaws are outnumbered and overshadowed by its immense beauty, nigh impeccable gameplay, and perfect soundtrack, not to mention the mindblowing lore and world building which is fed to you in great detail whether you realize it or not.The gameplay is insanely fluid, ridiculously fast, explosive, and mechanically challenging if you choose to explore and experiment with it. There are some videos on my profile that may give you an idea of the possibilities presented with the combat system, if you're looking for a more in-depth and visual example.As if that wasn't enough to satisfy my needs, this game boasts some of the most mind-meltingly beautiful pixel art I've ever had the privelege to witness. The intro sequence alone assured me I was in for a unique and well constructed experience.Oh, and the soundtrack is auditory perfection.Buying this game for $20 is a steal, and as of writing this review, it's currently half off.I've only been playing this game since September, but it has made itself perfectly comfortable in its spot as one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,257850,30806502,Posted: 28 March,all,Blue Wizard,Would buy just to look at the art.
,Recommended,257850,30807230,Posted: 28 March,all,Mikecich (LFG),GIVE US DLC OR WE RIOT
,Recommended,257850,30784432,Posted: 27 March,all,csect,"This game is a gorgeous throwback.  You can really feel the attention to detail in the mechanics and the art/music.  I think it hit the ""harsh but fair"" mark perfectly so that it makes you master dash/slice/shooting around until you feel like Neo.  Not for the faint-hearted, but not a total ragefest either."
,Recommended,257850,30805798,Posted: 28 March,all,Nicko Black,A fantastic game made with perfect difficulty. Made even more amazing as the story is told without dialogue.Anyone looking for a fantastic arcade style game needs to get this and play it.Recommend a controller!
,Recommended,257850,30806795,Posted: 28 March,all,Falkus,♥♥♥♥ing play this♥♥♥♥♥♥right noowww
,Recommended,257850,30807356,Posted: 28 March,all,itsallgood,"Beautiful.Hyper Light Drifter is a game that isn't afraid to challenge its players. It asks for your attention not only for the gameplay, but everything else as nothing on this game is on the nose. The story is interpretative all the way down to the personal snippets you get from the side characters. The visuals are minimalistic, sometimes lean on the abstract, and actually make you stop and think about what you are looking at. The music makes the atmosphere distinct from any other game I've played and it's clear that close attention was put into every single sound effect.Like movies, you could say all games are techinically art. But this is one of those pieces that was given so much care in every facet that it actually deserves to have its art label highlighted and celebrated.Buy it now."
76561198032564792,Recommended,257850,30807012,Posted: 28 March,all,zapzapus,"If you like Dark Souls, then you will like this game. Simple."
,Recommended,257850,29543626,Posted: 28 January,all,prikopil,excellent..
76561198041694226,Recommended,257850,30823034,Posted: 29 March,all,Cake for Žižek,"This game was awesome.. Damn, why aren't I playing this rn??"
,Recommended,257850,22293591,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Mostly Harmless,"If you like Zelda, play this game.  If you like moody pixel art, play this game.  If you like easy games and hand-holding, avoid this game."
,Recommended,257850,22446541,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Rye & Dry,Already died a bunch 5/5
76561198024693981,Recommended,257850,22202634,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Moola,"So far it is a very fun game, But as someone who uses 2 monitors, this game really needs to lock the cursor in the window, because if you try to aim to the side and click outside of the window and you happen to be moving at the time it just locks you walking that direction and you have to quit to desktop to fix it. Or if you are getting swarmed by enemies and happen to click outside the window then you just die."
,Recommended,257850,33153939,Posted: 2 July,all,AKIRA,LIKE THIS GAME
76561198023506320,Recommended,257850,22291352,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,First Raigne,This game is fantastic. To start it has Style! so much you could drown in it. So thick you can eat it like pudding. Its theme is like a dance party in the 80's put on by Zelda and Black Science with a dash of FEZ.  Everthing is fine and everyone is having a good time when Dark Souls crashes the Neon party forcing its flavor of design and challenge on everyone. But somehow it works and works really really really well together. I would hit this if i were you.
,Recommended,257850,22292080,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Clover904,"I absolutely love this game. It truly hit every high expectation I had since seeing the first trailer so long ago. I could not be happier with this game. This is my first time reviewing a game on Steam, but I just had to share my love for it. Support these game developers Steam users! They truly created something special."
,Recommended,257850,22293391,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,PennyPincher,"I have never written aseriousreview so bear with me.This game is amazing and you should buy and play it right now. Like one reviewer said, its the perfect child of Zelda and Metroid, however, this game is HARD. AS. ♥♥♥♥. You will die, alot. No matter your skill at games, you will die at least once, more than likely a ton more times.But that is what makes this game so special. The main character's goal is to find a cure, AKA closure to his illness.We seek closure by wanting to finish this hard game. His hardships of having this perhaps terminal illness are represented by the hard as hell enemies. Either my AP English is making me overanalyze or this was a clever way to explain the AI.4/4 would go on a square triangle hunt again.(please make another one so I can)"
76561198112588406,Recommended,257850,28133067,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Get Ship-Rekt,This game is great! I would definatley reccomend this to anyone who isn't scared of a little difficulty.
,Not Recommended,257850,28601556,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Propane Accessories,"Disclaimer: I only finished the north route, then returned the game. ~2.5 hours playedThe art blew me the away. The intro had me pumped up, the gameplay was exciting but the story... wasn't there. I bought this thinking it was going to be like Zelda as a lot of reviewers told me, but there were no puzzles. The combat mechanics were better but the enemies were the same most of the time. Sometimes the rooms had decent variation to make the fights exciting, but they rarely asked for any kind of unique solution. You just had to dash around a little more than usual, maybe fire your gun in this spot instead of another.While the combat was good, the routes/dungeons were like Skyrim dungeons, very much kill this hall of enemies and then grab the ""loot"" at the end. Because all of these dungeons are hallways, the scenes blend together.It might be open world, but there may as well be four levels. When you go north, it doesn't seem like you can go west or east from north. It's very on rails for an adventure game.I like games without dialogue, and I thought the ways that the game conveyed dialogue and story were useful and valid. The vagueness of the pictures telling you a story is cool. The evidence left around could have been cool as well, maybe if they had been surrounded with better story. The problem is, there's barely any story to tell. There's clear evidence that something happened before, but what that something is you can't know. Or at least, it doesn't feel well eluded to. You see dead giants, worn robots and broken buildings, but that doesn't tell you anything besides that the game you're playing is some post-ruin setting. There was nothing to piece together, only lots of clues that left you going ""Huh. Cool.""Nothing in the game changes when you progress. The bird person didn't care that I defeated the bad bird man. Everything was the same. The village didn't change. If this is an adventure game or RPG, I'd like the game to progress as I do. Be it through world building, which would have suited this silent game well, or through changing character dialogue, I want SOMETHING to happen. Anything. This didn't seem to occur in HLD, except that other routes open up.The soundtrack was great. Art was amazing. Premise was solid, the fighting mechanics were good. The lack of invinciblity in the dash didn't matter to me, you can learn to play around it. But the story? Non-existant and that's why the game didn't hold my interest. I'm still going to follow Heart Machine and I'd definitely follow the release of a Hyper Light Drifter 2. This premise was REALLY COOL, but it really just felt like ""Look at this amazing premise also here's a game."" It just felt flat to play."
,Recommended,257850,28133538,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,twitch.tv/Varcuss,"LOVIN it , pure fun and challenging"
,Recommended,257850,22173293,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,The Knife Hoss,I played for an hour and then I vomitted from the joy and the pain I felt. (Or maybe because I was sick)
,Recommended,257850,22243158,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Fox Ears,"This game is really beautiful, fun, and also soul crushingly difficult.Awesome."
76561198041226378,Recommended,257850,22291321,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,urthpainter,"You won't be careful… YOU'LL BE DEAD!!!You will die - a lot, yet the high level of difficulty is well considered and appropriate to the nature of the game.As a lifelong gamer. there are only a few games I consider impossible to overrate.  Among them would be Legend of Zelda and Metroid.  Hyper Light Drifter borrows from these titles, but like Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, this game is completely its own entity.  Hyper Light Drifter draws from the best, and for an assortment of reasons ascends to my pinnacle of video games.Story - 9/10 - What story?  The raised eyebrow, the questions; that is the point of the cryptic presentation.  A lot can be drawn from what you see, but nothing is clear.  You are among a class of warriors, on a quest.  Meaningful dialog is shown via storyboards as opposed to text or dialog.  The land, characters, and yourself suffer from a sickness - which clearly drives the need to fight.  The environment bleeds a textured darkness.  An era beyond nightmarish accomplishments, where titans and terrors of technology destroyed civilization, only to die themselves.  Your character survives as part of a small, desperate remnant of the past.  Not unlike the future era of Chrono Trigger, or something out of The Dying Earth or Book of the New Sun.Characters - 9/10  Really only two main characters - yourself and a mentor.  A mentor who has little to offer beyond a residence in the central town, and occasional mysterious appearances.  There are a wide assortment of encounters with random NPC's who offer small amounts of information about quest goals, trials against enemies, and their general suffering.  Many of these moments are poignant including shacked slaves, and the hard luck traveler betrayed.  More than once I wanted to know more about an enemy I had slain - I'm reminded of a battle sequence in the anime Battle Angel where she incinerates a particularly frightening techno ninja.  Evil and persistent though he was, there is something tragic about his erasure.Graphics - 10/10.  Hyper Light Drifter contains superb graphics and animations.  Everything is consistent, crispy clear, and a joy to behold.  While future-retro games are not new with members like Shatter, Cave Story and Shovel Knight - Hyper Light Drifter takes intentional steps backward, and in doing so moves forward to new heights.  The motion blur on your dash, the laser light on my favorite gun, the personality of all enemies whether boss or mob - all well thought out, and artfully executed.Music and Sound 11/10.  Not like the overclocking nob on my MSI mobo that goes to 11 (while not including a 3, 5, or 7...) This soundtrack is strait up Spinal Tap, when 10 isn't enough, go all the way to 11.  The soundtracking is a perfect cross between ambient sound, and very listenable electro.  A bass heavy system will really show the range of sound which I never found annoying, and often mesmerizing.  Sound effects are just one more element in the *more than the sum of its parts* construction.  This game lives, breaths, and has a heartbeat.Gameplay 10/10.  Hyper Light Drifter is one of those games that just feels right.  While a certain 1K combo would take some sort of machine to achieve, I never felt this game asked too much of me in any circumstance.  Like a Metroid game, the abilities work seamlessly together, and when in a groove your character dances invincibility.  But you are vulnerable.  A mistimed dash may take one unit of health, and this error can become magnified in a later confrontation.  Healing isn’t guaranteed like in a Dark Souls game, and an attempt to regain health can not only fail, but leave you open for a finishing blow.  There may be more ways to fail than succeed, but the gameplay is truly freeform, and a victorious sword stab into the ground can feel very well earned indeed.Overall 10/10.  Like any old school game, the most important qualities are presentation, gameplay, and fun factor.  Hyper Light Drifter delivers all three to anyone who enjoys a new experience with a classic feel.  The world needs more video games with this quality of excellence.  I believe that games with small teams of developers, strong leadership and a clear vision have an easier time achieving the most elusive of video game qualities: a soul.  This game may not require bleeding edge hardware to run at top settings, but I would argue this doesn't keep Hyper Light Drifter from being state of the art.  Like REZ and Radiant Silvergun, Hyper Light Drifter achieves a perfect unison of graphics, gameplay and sound - and unlike the previous titles, this is an action adventure, and not a shooter!I can't recommend this game enough - and I feel lucky to have played through the final boss (though far from finding/achieving everything!)."
,Recommended,257850,22293071,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,[BNI] Zshelley,"Best atmosphere of any game I have played for a long time, it will make you work for it though. 10/10"
,Recommended,257850,22242423,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Necrosquelch,"Admittedly I hadn't followed this game too closely, but the art style was enough to have me interested. So much so that when I'd heard that it was an action RPG, a genre I don't typically enjoy very much, I was still determined to buy it.I am pleased to say that this game exceeds any and all expectations.The story is masterfully and uniquely told, but I'd rather not give details; it's best experienced first hand. As far as gameplay goes, there are comparisons to be made between both the original Zelda for it's lack of explanation of who you are and what you're supposed to be doing and Dark Souls for it's combat that rewards finese, skill, and efficiency.  You may find yourself lost at first since, as I said before, you're told nothing and are thown into a huge world. It's a bit disorienting, but you'll eventually find your bearings and the world is an absolute joy to explore. The atmosphere is spot on, the landscapes are beautiful, and it manages to capture the scale of this broken, dying world tremendously.A particularly striking moment was when I went up a mountain and in the distance saw the broken down, snow-covered corpse of an enormous mech of sorts lain on the side of a cliff. After further investigation of said mountain, I found myself next to that very same corpse; dwarfed by it's hand alone as it's lifeless body menacingly stared up at me sporting a gaping mouth and blank, dead eyes.This game did something to me that no game has done in quite some time. It turned me into a kid again. I was on a journey in a fascinating, mysterious, and hazardous new world, trumping my adversity with the skill and precision I'd gained along my grand adventure. I wasn't traversing dangerous cliffs and trap puzzles because I was told to. I wanted to know what was in store if I'd completed said challenges. I wasn't angry when I was killed by a boss because I'd learned something from it and I was sure if I'd just adjusted my tactic I could defeat the new relentlessly fierce opponent.That said, this game isn't for everybody. Even basic enemies can make quick work of you if you're not careful with your approach and bosses are unforgiving to put it lightly. Interestingly, though, the bosses combine the abilities of all the mobs in their zone which, in my opinion, was a fantastic design choice that forces the player to strategize, time their attacks and dodges, and really  make sure they know how to control the avatar. So they're challenging, yes, but far from impossible and certainly can be beaten in a rather reasonable amount of attempts.My gripes with the game are minimal; a birdman NPC blinks in and out of existence for some reason, there's a strange bug where gear bits appear in one place but can be picked up in another, and I did have some slight issues with lag. That could just be my computer, though. It was really strange as well to make it so the player has to aim their gun with the left stick instead of the right; you get used to it, yeah, but I don't see why it couldn't have been the right stick seeing as it has no function anyway. Also I feel like it would have been better to not have a tutorial to add to the ""figure it out"" aspect of the game, but that's highly subjective and I wouldn't dock any quality points from the game because of it.Overall, if you want a game that gives you beautiful scenery, fantastically satisfying combat, and a uniquely presented and gripping story, this is for you. This may not be the game for more casual gamers, though, as those bosses can definitely give  you a run for your money.I'm not completely through with the game just yet, but as of right now it's an 8/10 for me. If the ending is good enough I can easily bump it up to a 9/10."
76561198134557047,Recommended,257850,22359319,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Joey Sparks,"This game is hard. Really, really hard. I promise that you will think the game is unbeatable at times. You will feel like the game is unfair towards the player, and I will admit that it is VERY unfair towards the player.The question is not WHEN you will die, but HOW. The game can be beaten, and the bosses can be beaten without upgrades I'm sure, but it won't be easy.But when you finally stop at the end of the road, when you finally have beaten the game... It will be worth all the pain.And you might even want to beat it again.10/10 To this game for giving me the greatest and most exciting adventure I have had in a long time."
,Not Recommended,257850,31333568,Posted: 23 April,all,arq,"Since there is no option for neutral review, I'm going with ""not recommended"". The game left me longing for more, but not in a good way. Fun for few evenings, but definitely not worth the asking price.I see Zelda quite often referenced when the topic is Hyper Light Drifter, but the only thing in common is the camera angle. I had hopes for a adventure like top-down Zelda with smooth and rich combat, as the reviews sold the game to me as such. Hyper Light Drifter is more like a top-down Devil May Cry. This game has no puzzles and no new items at the end of the dungeons, and no challenging exploration either. The dungeons are mostly fights after fights and a few hidden rooms that require pixel hunting to access. The fights are smooth, but feel samey from the beginning to end, as there are no real combo moves or enemies requiring advanced tactics. It plays excellent, but can only just hold my interest for the 6 hours of gameplay the game has to offer. The game has some gorgeous pixel art scenery, but it seems that the aesthetics were the top priority and actual content was lacking.Don't bother playing the co-op. I began this game as a co-op experience, but my partner got bored after an hour, since player 2 is severely crippled. Player 2 can only follow and fight, but cannot heal herself, pick up any items or interact in any way with the game world. Local co-op is clearly implemented as an after thought.Hyper Light Drifter is both overhyped and overpriced. If you're looking for smooth combat and a few evenings worth of gameplay, wait for the game to be discounted and then go for it."
76561198118046489,Not Recommended,257850,28929551,Posted: 1 January,all,HoboGod,"I dunno, combat's solid, art design is gorgeus, the atmospheric soundtrack is great, but there's no... direction? I suppose, it's hard to describe. If you don't really care about having no idea about what your doing, then give this a try."
,Not Recommended,257850,23426493,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Fen,Sluggish dodging caused by the FPS settings in this game make it highly unresponsive. This is unforgivable for a game which is about dodging.
,Not Recommended,257850,26366518,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Miere Cat,"This is one of those old-school difficulty games, which is fine. I was excited to buy this, everyone seems to love it, but it just doesn't do it for me. Right now the biggest problem I have are the controls. I play this on a mac and I don't know of an easy way to connect a PS4 or XBox controller to my laptop without downloading anything so I go without. I never really felt hindered by this as games like Half-life and Shovel Knight work fine without it. However, Hyper Light Drifter was clearly made for consoles.At their best the controls are here stiff and awkward. It makes parts of the game frustrating and borderline unplayable--parts that IknowI'd be able to do easily with a controller now push the boundies of my patience. This wouldn't be such a problem if it didn't force you to use the keyboardandthe mouse. I'd rather just attack in whatever direction I'm facing, like in Zelda; I don't like having to be constantly aware of where the mouse is on-screen. I've gotten myself killed because I've forgotten point in the direction I wanted to attack. I'm sure having that second analog control is necessary, but I'd sacrifice the gun's accuracy any day if it meant not having to worry about pointing at a target just to hit it with my sword.If you play on a computer and you don't own a controller I can't recommend this. If you do, give it a shot. The art is beautiful, the music and story are interesting. I'm also not a fan of how ambiguous everything is. I often find myselfwishingfor dialogue or at least some basic explanations of how things work or what's going on but that's another story.P.S. Your character will sit down after a while. This is novel at first but to have you study obstacle patterns, waiting for the right moment to move, then DIE because your dude took too long to stand up is the cheapest thing this game does."
,Not Recommended,257850,22509478,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Dr Neeley,"This game is a blurry, blurry mess locked at 30 fps.  Its a pity because the world is so pretty; however, you can only see it when you are holding still.  I returned the game and will rebuy it when this gets fixed."
,Recommended,257850,32491749,Posted: 16 June,all,ven,2D dark souls.
,Recommended,257850,33103394,Posted: 1 July,all,Count Cuckula,"Wish that I played this game sooner and payed full price for it. Absolutely one of the best soundtracks I have heard, period, and combined with the beautiful pixel art and level design it makes playing this game feel like I'm having a surreal lucid dream. Gameplay is also simple and fun, but it gets a bit repetitive after a while. Comboing dashes can also be finnicky at times. The story is unique as well as most of it is left open to interpretation and nothing is explained fully or at least through text/dialogue. Overall, it's an amazing that's definitely worth at least two playthroughs.Forgot to add, the sound design is also perfect."
76561198030332890,Recommended,257850,22231412,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ehekatl,"This is the first review I've ever written, and possibly the last.  This game is such a work of overwhelming beauty I felt compelled to voice my opinions.Gameplay - When I first started playing Hyper Light Drifter, I questioned how well an action game without I-frames could work - the equivalent idea being an action game with no I frames is like a shmup with no bombs.  As I played more, I realized that when the mechanics are designed to perfection, when every error can be attributed to ""no one's fault but my own"", it became clear to me that I frames would have been an unnecessary bandage on polish resembling an unblemished mirror.  Aside from the major issue of the game's complete absence of I-frames, the responsive controls and the demanding chain dash timing makes every encounter feel like a personal victory - the drifter never gains level, the stats that grow belong to you, the player.Aesthetic - A beautiful dreamy pastel haze, contrasted heavily by low fantasy brutality where no detail is spared.  Painterly backdrops of ruin placed at choice locations to set the tone for the upcoming area.  Besides the UI, there is not a single word voiced the entire game, however the tone and the ambience do more than necessary for successful storytelling.Soundtrack - Dynamically shifting music that is always tone appropriate, the quality of the soundtrack is on the same level as Bastion or Transistor.  However the decidedly low-fi instrumentation are chosen specifically to compliment the art design.Overall - Hyper Light Drifter is a game that is completely uncompromising in every sense of the word.  Everything about this game is honest, from the very demanding difficulty, to the heartbreaking world it's built around.  HLD is a game not only action fans would enjoy, but anyone who's sick to death of formulaic games targetting the greatest possible target audience with no regard to integrity or concinnity of design.  HLD is an original artistic vision that has been fulfilled in the most elegant way possible.tl;dr - it's really good go play it.personal PJSalt - where's my achievement for beating Newgame+ :("
,Recommended,257850,25279075,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Kosher Bacon,gud
76561198044400218,Recommended,257850,22162174,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,SRY:(,"ok now the major problems seems to be patched out . the art design is really great,if you are able to open yourself up to those kind of games .The controlls are suprisingly very smooth and responsive, in my opinion the 30 fps lock don'thurt that much. combat is punishing fluid and fun .at the moment i have no real complaints about this game ."
,Recommended,257850,22230037,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,13thprotector,Absolutely beautiful.
76561198121232386,Recommended,257850,22245671,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Kaz,"This. This right here. I love it. The best single player game i have ever played. I first saw a screenshot, I thought this game looked amazing. Idk why it was so alurring, but it was. So i get the game on a whim, watched no reviews or anything. I am normally the guy to reaserch a game to the bones before I buy it but I just went all in. It was totally worth it. I watched the openning cinimatic and I came. The art, the sound track, (omg dnt get me started on the sound track, the credits at the end of the game, the song was amazing. I would 100% buy the soundtrack to this game) the passion and the work put into the art was absolutly stunning. I got into the game shivering not sure what to expect. ""I mean it is just and 8-bit / 16-bit game right?"" I was dead wrong. The combat and the feeling of reward after every kill is what drives the game. Kill one little enemy with only 3 hit hp bar felt satisfying knowing even that could kill you. The progression in the game isnt just you getting some op♥♥♥♥♥gear and going along ur way thanking the RNG Gods for a sweat drop. You dnt get op gear what you get is learning the game a new skill here and there and knowing every boss or area you beat you earned. I 100% recomend this game to ANYONE who wants to spend a decent amount of hours to experence a masterpeice. I have only one problem. The game may still be new and I encountered a few bugs here and there but nothing game breaking. The only problem is the creators behind this game going to make a sequal. Because I NEED IT!! 10/10----100% -----and all that sweat jazz."
,Recommended,257850,30855521,Posted: 31 March,all,Ｓｐａｃｅ　Ｂｏｉ,"Impecabble art style,fast paced gameplay and godlike soundtrack 11/10"
76561197984902701,Recommended,257850,22231483,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,The Blinja,"Is Hyper Light Drifter a good game? Yes - Here is why I believe so:Hyper Light Drifter is a call back to the games of old - before the internet and online guides were prevelant. During this time frame (more so the nes/snes era) games had an air of mystique, most things were never told, and the world was experienced and not explained. This is the world of Hyper Light drifter.Also do you remember the music of your favorite games of old? You probably do. Why do you remember this? Because the music helped to build the moment, and it was integral to the world building of the game that you played. Disasterpiece (who scored Fez) did a brillant job with the score. You really feel like a wander in a strange, but not outlandish, land. The highs and lows of the music correspond with the setpieces known as the backdrops.Besides the atmosphere being a call back to older games, this game also calls back to a time before there were difficulty levels. This game is difficult, but not impossible. When you die, you don't feel like you were cheated - you just feel like you messed up. I feel like this is the mark of a well developed game - and Heart Machine should be applauded for their first time effort.The gameplay of this game is like a mixture of zelda (the grand adventure), and the combat of modern ninja gaiden (fast and furious, with multiple weapons). The movement system that they implemented - a chainable dash - was a great idea as it makes traversing the huge map quite easy (you also have the ablity to teleport to certain locations at any given time - even in dungeons).The last time that I felt so good about a neo-classic game was when I played Fez. The difference between this game and fez however (besides the genre/gameplay/etc) is that when playing this game, you will know if you missed something. You will not need ultra complicated maps, decoder rings, etc to be able to get the most of the game. Take your time, enjoy the ride. You will find all sorts of secrets that will make you feel proud of yourself.So is Hyper Light Drifter a good game - in my opinon - yesIts a throw back to the difficult and yet imaginative days of old - yet its formula helps it to be able to stand on its own without nostalgia."
,Recommended,257850,22236157,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,AlkaVirus,"Great game, very fun. Completed it on normal mode and going to start it on newgame+ soon. Everyone that rates this down because it is too 'difficult' is just adorable."
,Recommended,257850,22236499,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,FuzzyPones,"Absolutely loving, challenging but not difficult or unfair game with outstanding artwork and sound design and a story told only by the game itself.The creators put a lot of love for detail in it's environment and it feels smooth all through the game.The secrets are well hidden, the enemies always challenging.The only things for improvement i see are the difficulty of the bosses which on most cases are fairly easy and the drifting which does not feel very intuitive.But since those things do not pull any fun out out of the game, tough it can kinda get frustrating, it's still worth a buy.I had roughly 14 hours of fun, i guess more casual gamers will pull somewhat around 20 hours of gameplay out of it."
76561198077718908,Recommended,257850,22237290,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,shadoworld56,"Hyper Light Drifter is an amazing game! while there isnt any major story being develivered there is a plot shared from the art alone. I have died so many times and yet I keep coming back for more. The combat is strongly based on attacking and dodging at the right times. Over dodging or under dodging will end with your death. The game teaches you how do deal with enemies quickly without any sort of tutorial. once you have fought a med size enemy it likes to ambush you with multiple of them and a bunch of smaller enemies and tells you ""good luck"". this game throws you in head first into the deep and and I am enjoying every second of it!"
,Recommended,257850,25735595,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,TheCrow1213,Buy it
76561198043725756,Recommended,257850,22236989,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Natrix,"I would just like to say, the level design in this game is one of the best I've seen in a while. Every secret, every hidden area, has a way to be spotted. You do not need to randomly rub your face against a wall to find a secret. May it be seeing it from another area, or an enemy walking through, or a tiny path.The games difficulty is great, you can get ability upgrades and more ammo for your guns, but from what ive seen, most enemy types have the same health, take the same damage, and deal the same damage. Many would say that that sounds easy and not hard, the difficulty of this game doesnt come from ""bullet sponge enemies"" or stacking enough health to survive. It comes from using your abilities  to avoid damage and deal damage. The game is great and I highley reccomend it to anyone who enjoys a difficult, artsy, game with an amazing soundtrack.Edit: I would also like to add, the way the story is told in the game is amazing. Charecter do not speak what so ever. No dialogue, instead the story is fleshed out through the environment, and picture driven narative. It's great it really makes you feel like you have gone to a foreign world, were you understand nothing and no none of the history and are left to explore and discover and it is so fufilling."
76561198196646074,Recommended,257850,22220513,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,seanmullen21,My new favourite game of all time.
76561198258958745,Recommended,257850,30576889,Posted: 17 March,all,SonicBoomNFA,"I've invested 45 hours in this game and have finally achieved 100%, and this game is now one of my favorites.There is no dialogue whatsoever, so you can basically go and do everything withotu getting dragged down by long cutscenes, but if you finish the game and look up the lore, the underlying story is very interesting. The art style is great to look at, and the gameplay itself is amazing. It's a very difficult game; you'll spend the time in your normal file learning what everything does and getting used to all of your unlockable powerups, and you'll spend time in your NG+ file just trying to get through it.If you're into games that require keen observation, there are plenty of hidden secrets and such that actually contribute towards your game, and if you're into fast-paced fighting, every fight in this game requires all of your focus; brute forcing your way won't work (especially in NG+), so you actually have to be smart with the way you approach enemies.The game mechanics are surprisingly intuitive; there was only one powerup that confused me at first (the chain dash), and I figured that out within a minute or two. The only thing you'll need to figure out for yourself is what you're trying to accomplish, but you'll actually figure that out AS you're doing it, so don't even worry about not making progress. I give this game a 9/10 (not a full score only because, sometimes, the dashing is a LITTLE finnicky.)"
,Recommended,257850,22159757,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Fishpaste,"Rarely a game comes along that gets me excited enough to buy it the minute it comes out. Hyper Light drifter is one of those rare games, and it doesn't dissapoint.At the time of this review I'm only two hours in, but I'm already hooked. Hyper Light Drifter is a hack and slash that hits every note with perfect precision, and manages to add it's own beautiful twist that makes it unique. Let me explain.The Atmosphere: You are probably already aware that the art style is absolutly fantastic, but the trailers don't give away the full story. Each set piece feels like it is well thought out, and each screen is beautifully composed. Even more so, the music adds to the atmosphere and mood without being distracting or obtrusive. The sound of this game strikes a fantastic balance between emotive expression and being a delicate background foundation to the game. Even the sound effects feel masterfully created. I can not rave about the way this game presents itself more. It is top shelf.The Story: So far I'm only right at the very start of the game, but the story has already drawn me in, and it has managed to do so with absoltly no text. This game takes the idea of ""show, don't tell"" very seriously, and it absolutly delivers. It didn't take very long at all for me to become invested in the characters, and the world feels very real and lived-in. It is hard for me to find fault. Granted, this early on it is entirely possible for the story to fall appart later on, but given how expertly the beginning of the game is constructed, I highly doubt the rest of the story will be anything but fantastic. I'm excited to discover more about this world and the people who inhabit it.The Combat: No game is perfect, and Hyper Light Drifter is no exception. The combat feels tight and responsive, but beyond that it doesn't really introduce anything too exciting. Combat is neither brutally hard nor boringly easy, but it can be a little frustrating. Enemy's attacks will follow you accross the screen after you dash out of the way, which can lead to the annoying experience of dodging an enemy's attack only to have the enemy fly accross the screen and kill you anyway. Combat is a little punishing, with enemy's two-hitting you from very early on, meaning you have to play perfectly to progress, and might need to retry a fight ten or more times before you can move on. The ranged weapon feels pretty underpowered, with very limited ammo and an awkward aiming system. Using the gun often feels like a waste of time and effort. Your sword is much more effective, and doesn't cost ammo. On top of that your abilities are the same powers we've seen a hundred times over. One melee attack, One ranged attack, and a dash. Don't get me wrong, the combat is /fine/, but it is only fine where the rest of the game is great.All up this game does not dissapoint, and I'm excited to see where the game takes me and what the company produce in the future. Solid performance.TLDR; Game is good. Spend $$$."
76561198000265730,Recommended,257850,22158209,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Helix,"After 2 hours of gameplay, I would fully reccomend this to anyone who is looking for challenging top-down game. It has smooth gameplay and fun fighting mechanics that make your encounters difficult yet fun. The game also doesn't explain things through straight forward methods so you should be prepared to be slightly confused."
,Recommended,257850,22157941,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Sunder,"This game captivates and plunges you head deep into an atmospheric world from the very frist moments!I have not being so nicely ""introed"" since Another World... period.It then gently moves on to unravelling the world and its story in a very stylish way, wrapping it all into a keenly responsive control scheme where each move and a swing of the sword belongs only to you.I find myself deeply involved with my character and genuenly interested in following along in her path while discovering all four corners of the troubled land."
,Recommended,257850,22933307,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Lum,"This game was wonderful. Played amazingly, the scenes portrayed by the pixel artists for this game were breathtaking, and I left it a bit sad that there wasn't more.Interestingly enough, the bosses get easier as you play, only because the controls start feeling more natural, and once you finally get in that groove with the blink ability, the game becomes so much better. The boss-fights were the shining crown to what was already an excellent experience.I was able to beat it in 5 hours, and have decided not to go into New Game+, as the New Game alone kicked my♥♥♥♥♥ but the game is stellar and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a challenge, especially those of you who enjoyed Dark Souls."
76561198063971864,Recommended,257850,25742348,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,T ∀ B O O,I haven't even scratched the surface and I'm hooked. It's like LoZ took Dark Souls steroids and the music is wonderful!
76561198027274421,Recommended,257850,22229836,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,RacistApricot,Super fun! So glad that this game exists. The gameplay is so balanced and the difficulty to match. Super hard but super satisfying! The enemy variation is awesome too.The game looks super pretty and the art and level design is awesome!Stoked! Great game!
,Recommended,257850,22230497,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Hypusion,"Amazing combat, pixel art, music, and story! A great game all around. You should definitely buy it!"
,Recommended,257850,22245138,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Glostyear,"This somehow reminds me of Flashback in the 90s. The sound-effects, the music, the colors, the combat. It seems this game has a beating heart."
76561198269233790,Recommended,257850,22230583,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Risingwolf7,"Hyper Light Drifter has become one of my favorite game of 2016. It's beautiful artstyle and music, the fast paced, flashy combat, challenging enemies and bosses, and it's cryptic setting and world all make this game absolutely wonderful."
76561198198779870,Recommended,257850,22246860,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,LovingSensei,"By far this is one of the most beautiful games I have played in years. Everything about this game is beautiful: the music, the artstyle, everything! I have no issues recommending this game to any fan of retro-style games.This game is like a mix between Samurai Jack, Dark Souls, Legend of Zelda, and Metroid. What could be better than that?"
,Recommended,257850,31286356,Posted: 21 April,all,edwalian,SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD i love it and you will too
76561197988758305,Recommended,257850,30809733,Posted: 29 March,all,CometFire,brilliant retro game
,Recommended,257850,33328937,Posted: 6 July,all,dapp_Y,"I just beat Hyper Light Drifter today (7/6/2017), it's such an amazing game. I have no words because of how indescribable the experience is. The credits made me shed a tear, christ this game is beautiful."
,Not Recommended,257850,22596244,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Fallen,"I would like to reccomend this game, but about an hour into the game there was some imput lag that made it impossible for me to play on mouse and keyboard."
,Recommended,257850,31961839,Posted: 25 May,all,Corey,This is the hardest f**king game I have ever played.
,Recommended,257850,30626593,Posted: 19 March,all,ImDog,me like gameme play gameme finish gameme play game
76561197991506012,Recommended,257850,22178043,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,kavika,"Besides the motion sickness person, every bad review of this game is about the difficulty. To those people: Get better at games and you might enjoy them more.The good:The soundThe graphicsThe world buildingThe difficultyThe choice to make dodging a necessary and core mechanic from the beginningThe choice of silence and storyboards to keep the immersionThe bad:There's some places where direct progress is too hidden. Like, after you complete the first boss, it should be more obvious how to continue forward. Same with the entrance to said boss.I definitely won't complain about the crazy number of secrets and mandatory exploring, but main paths should never be hidden.You guys need to watch strangers play your game, without telling them how to progress, and figure out where they're getting tripped up. Do this at least 50 times. Tweak your levels when there's something at least 5 people are getting hung up on understanding that is actually mandatory.I didn't figure out the chain dash until I had it for 30+ minutes, went back to the dash test room, and noticed the counter. Even then, it took 5 minutes of futzing around to figure out how to use it."
76561198089507963,Recommended,257850,32115704,Posted: 1 June,all,ysrayhu,amazing
,Recommended,257850,25419314,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ayetoday,would get stuck inside those crystals again.✪✪✪✪✪
,Recommended,257850,30803559,Posted: 28 March,all,abhimonk,"Incredible game. It feels like a top-down pixel art version of Dark Souls with faster combat.The combat is very tight. Precisely timed dodges with attacks weaved in between is the only way to succeed in this game.The world is very intricate, and feels rewarding to explore. I felt compelled to search for extras even if I wasn't required to do so. The atmosphere is also very well crafted. You feel like you're exploring a world ravaged by some unknown disaster, and you're just trying to pick up the pieces.The story is conveyed exclusively through cutscenes and still images. NPCs do not tell you their background, but rather, show you cryptic images of their past. The game allows the player to craft the story based on the bits of information left throughout the world.One of the best action games of its time."
76561198089114866,Recommended,257850,30804309,Posted: 28 March,all,steggy23,pretty
,Recommended,257850,30804469,Posted: 28 March,all,Fl1ck3r,"Pros:+ THE COMBAT SYSTEM+ soundtrack+ art style+ difficultyCons:- sometimes you try to dash to a distant platform and instead end up dashing off the side instead. Only time you'll get hurt when it's not your fault.The combat is easily my favorite part of this game. it's simple enough to figure out quickly, but deep enough that it's still a challenging game. (and itisa challenging game. Don't play this if you don't like a challenge.)  butooooh, once it ""clicks,"" and you can do a good job at not dying, you feel like Ninja-Badass-McAwesomedude. It's beautiful.As my testament to how much I love this game, I'm currently on my fourth playthrough. (don't pay attention to my hours; I have about twice as much time in this game as that says. It takes ~8 hours to play through the campaign once if you haven't done it before. (~5 if you know what you're doing))"
76561198131862565,Recommended,257850,30807695,Posted: 28 March,all,RageGene,love this soundtrack :D
,Recommended,257850,22233160,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Jono Krukov,"As a souls junkie and a lover of this art style I was drawn to this game.  I want to rip my ♥♥♥♥ing hair out playing this game and yet the feeling of accomplishment everytime I beat a spot that makes me rage is more and more satisfying.  I love this game a lot and if you're a fan of soulslike games or difficult RPGs, you will too."
,Recommended,257850,22236219,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Mosab,The gameplay feels great. The satisfaction it gives is better than an orgasam.
,Recommended,257850,22228436,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Anonymoose,"+ Combat system shines as the best aspect of this game. Just look up some footage of it, you'll see what I mean.+ Heavy music combined with beautiful scenery creates a jaw-dropping atmosphere.+ Game does not hold your hand on this one. There's no help button, no hidden hints. You just have to figure it out. Personally, I like that.+CheapI bought this game on a whim, with no knowledge of what this game was, nor did i hear the massive hype train that appearently rolled in with the Steam release of this game.What I did hear was the stunning soundtrack of this game...and lots of death screams. Lots.P.S. use a controller or suffer."
76561198176507757,Recommended,257850,22236948,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,EmphaeY.csgoroll.com,Yes... Buy it....
76561198126166192,Recommended,257850,22237194,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,강간,"My all time favorite game, I love everything about this masterpiece.I dont even consider this a video game, this is a work of art. I adore everything from the gameplay to the art design. It has entertained me more than most of the triple A games out there and is amazing. Buy it"
,Recommended,257850,25735829,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Lel,Dark Soul for wooden pc
,Recommended,257850,22227272,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,codegnave,"Hyper Light Drifter is one of the best PC games I have ever played. The controlls are fun and intuitive and the ambiance, setting and colors are all suburb. I cannot recomend this game more."
76561198081540293,Recommended,257850,22228008,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,SolarShadow,"Fun game with hard combat, exploration, and lots of cryptic clues on how to play and how to progress. I like that it doesn't hold your hand, but rather makes you aware of the basic gameplay mechanics, then expects you to figure the rest out on your own. The game's high difficulty makes it feel very rewarding when you eventually prevail."
,Recommended,257850,22234042,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Lambosaurus,"Artstyle is really beautiful, but the suprise was the great gameplay. The combat is extremely satisfying, its all about timing, and a pinch of planning. Oh, and at times it can be brutally hard. 10/10, would reccommend."
76561198025086808,Recommended,257850,22234329,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,The ScareCrow,just finished ng+wishing there was a ng++10/10more please
,Recommended,257850,22236709,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,catlockholmes,I love this game so much! It's such a beautiful game and the soundtrack is amazing.
,Recommended,257850,32973478,Posted: 28 June,all,Chowderchu,"This is a very fun and highly stylized game. It tells a story without using a single word, and it has snappy controls and gameplay with an exciting ability upgrade system. I got lost at one point and it was a bit frustrating trying to get back on track, but that's just how it goes sometimes with these types of world layouts. This game has a unique retro aesthetic which aids to the persuasion of its unique story/world. This has quickly become one of my favorite games on Steam. Any kind of multiplayer or pvp in the sequel would me amazing!"
,Recommended,257850,28828576,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BylliGoat,It's SciFi 2D Bloodborne.
,Recommended,257850,26766601,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ShyPerLighCH,We can't complain about 30fps lock anymore :/
,Recommended,257850,30609107,Posted: 19 March,all,chuk,Love this game! everything about it is flawless!
,Recommended,257850,23008557,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,[Salty] Gez,Can't wait for the next game by the devs.
76561198077251553,Recommended,257850,22251315,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,WHO ARE THE RACOONS!??!?,really enjoying the game so far check my lets paly on ithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2KtK5t9dfg
,Recommended,257850,22426548,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,BossCharlie,I enjoyed this game tremendously.
76561197996567092,Recommended,257850,22208589,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,kodiak,"+Fast paced action that rewards practice.+Fast, responsive controls.+Tons of varied and interesting enemies.+Awesome boss fights that make you feel amazing when you beat them.+Incredible soundtrack by Disasterpeace.+Great learning curve eases you into combat.+Rewards exploration.+Intuitive and well-designed upgrade system.+Incredible art and world with tons of imagination.+Intriguing but thankfully unobtrusive story.+Interesting health system that encourages learning the battle system.+Low penalty for death keeps you from becoming too frustrated.-sometimes confusing map.-sometimes bad checkpoint placement makes you replay too much.Overall: 10/10, favorite game I've played so far in 2016"
,Recommended,257850,22208905,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,TheLargeDoggo (the goodest boy),"Payed against purple midget in soccer for 30 minutes, still havent won 10/10"
76561198272701983,Recommended,257850,22209013,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,NG818,"Game has great atmosphere/aura. I love the combat (the game upgrade system is cool, it is just hard to figure out how to use it, but I won't spoil it) the weapons/abilities make it really unique and fun. I also like how mysterious it is, your are put into a world with no explanation, only your own exploration will slowly shape the story for yourself. Overall, DEFINITELY worth the money.10/10, would bye againThose god**** spiders won't leave me alone."
76561198169086099,Recommended,257850,22209750,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,keysorafan,Amazing game. Really inspired by the Zelda series and has a Bloodborne feel in combat. 10/10
76561198055317619,Recommended,257850,22212008,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,tjo8992,This game is amazing. I sat down and powered through it for 17hrs over the course of 2 days. Haven't been able to marathon a game like that since Skyrim or Massive Chalice. 10/10!
,Recommended,257850,22212135,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,avsq,Super glad eveyone loves this game. I've been waiting 2 years for it and its everything I wantedIts like Darksouls but actually fun10/10 would wait another 2 years for this
76561197994017213,Recommended,257850,22278925,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,MetlForge,This game reminds me of Simon's Quest!  Great Game!
,Recommended,257850,22279341,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Rannepear,Loving this game so far. Incredibly fun combat. Appropriate dose of puzzles and incredibly compelling story...Check out my playthrough on YouTube (continuing).https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0_t35i97fghttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5DaPSPUcdBhTi9Cq8tIgOQ
76561198114939111,Recommended,257850,22279392,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Valk,Breh.....So Hard.....But so fun
,Recommended,257850,22279741,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Joels,"The love child of Risk of Rain and Nuclear Throne.Is not as hard as Dark Souls, stop comparing it to Dark Souls, just cause it's hard doesn't mean it's like Dark Souls.Please shut the f*** up about Dark Souls."
76561198077027028,Recommended,257850,22280730,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,A6C4,"Amazing visuals and perfect music to fit.Difficulty is rewarding, sometimes frustrating, but the perfect amount.Similar to Legend of Zelda Link to the Past.10/10"
,Recommended,257850,30838110,Posted: 30 March,all,emptEclipse,"This game is probably the best hack-n-slash game since the original zelda franchise. The gameplay is intuitive and challenging, and the story has all sorts of nooks and crannies where you can discover and expand your view of the world. One of the amazing things about the story is that it is told completely without words, allowing the images and your imagination to fill in the gaps.My only problem with the game is that there is no convenient way to track the gear bits that you have collected so it becomes very difficult to know which ones you've found and which ones still remain.Other than that, the soundtrack, gameplay, and story are all super fun. I completely recommend this game. 10/10"
76561198051366561,Recommended,257850,30884832,Posted: 1 April,all,jacksobrooks,Reminds me of Legend of Zelda with smoother combat. The art style is really something.  Great game.
76561198139819311,Recommended,257850,22386251,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Toaster Boi,i  dont hav this game
76561197994298061,Recommended,257850,24872212,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Mert,"uh Anita S and Zoe Quinn are thanked in the credits? as well as phil fish? although it's not relevant to whether or not i enjoyed the game, i was still agitated for some reason seeing their names.negs: game got jank all over the controls, the continuous dashing is the most frustrating of all; got bored near the end.pros: artsy, solid zeldy-e mechanics.I like how I kinda understand what happened but it remained sort of vague. that made me feel like i was artin' it out.it's a solid 10 dollar value."
,Recommended,257850,30841321,Posted: 30 March,all,Juice Crusader,"This game was the best thing I've ever had the pleasure to experience.the music was perfect,the gameplay was perfect,the level design was perfect,the visuals were perfect,the difficulty was perfect,the controls were perfect (if you use gamepad),the story was PERFECT!!!I would still buy this game if it was $500 because it was just that awesome, and I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a good challenge. My favorite game used to be Legend of Zelda the Wind Waker but this game just blew it out of the water. PLEASE if you can get this game or support the devs in any way do it, they deserve a lot more than they got!"
76561198020044816,Recommended,257850,24449973,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,creamius( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)memeius,"Amazing visuals, gameplay, fun colors.Chain dash makes me want to die.10/11 would reccomend."
76561198052120198,Recommended,257850,24417722,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Dread Pirate Wesley,"LOVE this game. Fantastic atmosphere and amazing gameplay. Be warned: some boss fights are WAY too hard to be fun, largely because of unpredictable boss attacks and hordes of ankle biters in the boss arena. As soon as you're expected to dodge 3 or more simultaneous (and unpredictable) attacks, combat becomes a fancy slot machine where you luck out or die."
76561198130189121,Recommended,257850,22196717,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Jeanne,"Pros:A Great soul game with a mix with other games like Legend of ZeldaGreat story telling (Wordless lel)Beutiful atmoshepreThe soundtrack is amazingThe combat.....aw yisoh did i meantion the soundtrack?i did? well♥♥♥♥♥♥but more of it plzLots of sercet areas to exploreConsIts difficulty mabye a bit overwhelming (but when you look at dark soul....)Keyboard control are a bit weird (at least for me)Respawning Is a bit too slowFinal rating for this game 9/10 Great game when you literally splitting ""joy"" ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,257850,22186962,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Zoidtron,"I really wanted to like this game.I did.Until i realized that this, this pixel game, this less than a GB game.Runs like a potato.this is saying something, Csgo runs faster than this, and that's a 9 gigabyte game with 3D rendered graphics.So please, tell me, why does this game run like my grandmother in a steel tomb?Until this game works and i can get past the raining sequence, and it takes less than 15 minutes for my character TO STAND UP FROM BLEEDING, then i will play it and give it a good review. But until then, ♥♥♥♥ this."
76561198172144946,Recommended,257850,22300497,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Pter Parker,"I played the game and asked my cousin about her take on the game.She said,""Looks like hardcore mode for Undertale arrived.""Truer words never said."
76561197999107339,Recommended,257850,22247094,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Captain Awesome,"This is a fantastic game, controls are smooth story is just the right amount of mysterious and guesswork to keep it interesting and combat is hard as hell enough to feel satisfying when you clear an area. Highly recommend buying it....Just don't read too far down the credits... might sour the experience...Don't open this if you just want to enjoy the game:listed amongst the ""Special Thanks"" names:Anita SarkeesianPhil FishZoe Quinn...yeah, listing borderline scam artists in the special thanks... smooth move devs. Welp, do with that what you will if you read this."
76561198212423299,Recommended,257850,22247170,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Barack Obama,"I really want to play this game but for some reason it refuses to load on my computer, every time it freezes as soon as I click it... None of my other games have this problem, my computer is reletively new so I have no idea what the problem might be :/ If anyone could help me that would be awesome..;;"
76561198028770273,Recommended,257850,22247551,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,quietdino,link to the past x darksouls x nuclear throne x fez x sword x sworcery
,Recommended,257850,22247627,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ekaven,"Amazing game. Here is why:-Very smooth and, for the lack of a better term, controlable controls.-Fair challenges. I have never died and thought ""that was bull.""-Exploration is very rewarding.-Gradual upgrades keep combat fresh.-The world is immersive. You can see the art but that is not the only thing. Every sound for movements/actions, music, atmosphere, and even dialogue (not actual dialogue. There are pictures in speach bubbles that tell a story quick and beautifully).-Fights are challenging and fun. Every fight including boss fights (for the most part), can be boiled down to maybe...two minutes, but the difficulty will have you trying again and again. Sounds frustrating but it is not as much as it seems. Travel time back to where you died almost always is zero. You almost always spawn right before your big battle. You only get punished with travel time if you die in...say a platfoming area.I honestly think that anyone giving this a bad rap because of difficulty really has never been challanged before and is used to the new formula of games. I call them interactive movies. It's a big topic but I think you get the gist. Get this game if you are willing be immersed in it with difficulty and all. If trying hard isn't your thing, look elsewhere. Those who stick with it will be rewarded greatly."
76561198087576449,Recommended,257850,22247706,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,McLovin,"Hyper Light Drifter: A Modern MasterpieceHyper Light Drifter has easily taken the place of my all-time favorite game. The game is a masterpiece in all aspects, combining challenging combat reminiscent of Dark Souls with a unique style all it's own. The art style of this game escapes what can be described in words alone, a stylistic blend of otherworldly sci-fy and post-apocalyptic adventure, the game takes pixel art to an entirely new realm of graphic excellence. The beautifully crafted scenery and enemies are a delight to the eye, with the pixel graphics providing just enough fine detail to provide rich, engaging visuals while still allowing the player to apply their own imagination to the scene. The same can be said for the awe-inspiring story, told through vague images and leaving much to speculation. The story is exciting and engaging, but at the same time seemingly absent. The only clues to what you must do are the occasional vague hints told through images, leaving the player to their own devices. This seemingly utter lack of direction allows the player to make their own story, rather than having it spoon fed to them as so many modern games do. The beauty of this game is how it forces you to make your own choices and theories, not knowing if they are even remotely correct. This amount of freedom is liberating- nothing is given easily to the player, they must earn it through skill and perserverence. That level of satisfaction gained from overcoming an obstacle that this game provides in ample supply is essential to connecting and engaging with the player, and is missing from far too many games. The combat is tough but fair, constantly keeping the player on their toes. Combat is fast paced, yet crisp and responsive, with varied and challenging enemies. The soundtrack is a wonder of audio engineering, with scores ranging from light, enchanting melodies to dark, gritty anthems that set the player on edge. The music completes a rich, ambient overall style with the artwork, a beautiful blend that engrosses and envelops the player.TL:DRThis is a masterpiece of modern game design and it would be a disservice to both yourself and society as a whole to not buy it.Overall rating: 10/10; Pinnacle of modern game design."
,Recommended,257850,22247968,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Oye Beto,"ProsBeautiful art, fun combat, challenging bosses and cleverly designed game interface.ConsMusic is a little boring to me and I found some bugs but nothing too bad.Other commentsThe game has a lot of exploration and secrets. Generally I don't like exploring in games but in this one I felt motivated to do it because I wanted to find yellow fragments to buy skills and upgrades. It's not an RPG, killing enemies doesn't give experience.I like how combat is not button smash. It needs some strategy and understanding enemy behaviour, specially in bosses.The difficulty is in the right spot. Bosses are my favorite part of the game.I like details like thesoccer minigameand thedash challengeAnimations are amazing, the art in general is perfect to me."
76561198295847203,Recommended,257850,22246213,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,abortdamission,"Watch Nausicaa valley of the wind. Game's amazing, btw."
76561198075352882,Recommended,257850,22246232,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Anti,"Hyper Light Drifter is an excellent game. 9/10. Would recommend. Read below for further details.PROS- Atmosphere: From the very beginning you are sucked into this world. The music and art design blend together wonderfully creating a drive to explore your surroundings.- Combat: Battles require precision over mashing. The controls felt tight and once you understand what enemies are capable of battles become a dance. You'll battle melee and ranged foes, sometimes at once. Dispaching a room of enemies without taking damage is very satisfying.- Level design: There are four distinct areas to explore in HLD. There is a minimap but I rarely had to use it. The levels have enough branching paths but not too many that you get lost often. There are NUMEROUS hidden nooks and crannies to find. There are some environmental tells but the visuals are so cohesive that the player really has to look and explore to find extra goodies. This is where the dash movement mechanic really shines as you'll constantly find yourself dsahing across gaps to small ledges in search of secrets. The developers really did setup the environment to syngergize with the core movement mechanic of dashing.- Boss Battles: While many people feel the battles are too hard, I though the difficulty was well tuned. All of the bosses have a unique visual design and require different strategies to beat. There was never a boss I had to replay more than seven times (including the final boss). You revive right outside the boss room and a recent patch sped up the player death animation so restarting was not frustratingand after every death. The battles are tense and require constant focus but that makes victory that much more satisfying. I was able to beat the entire game without buying any healing upgrades so with healing fully upgraded I feel many players can complete the game if they learn the patterns and stay determined.CONS- Upgrade System: Melee attacks, movement abilities, and the secondary gun can be upgraded along with a few other things. In keeping with zero dialogue or explanatory text the upgrades merely show a quick clip of what they are. This does leave some ambiguity in what new abilities do. Also, as all upgrades can be purchased from the beginning, choosing an upgrade is simply guesswork. All of the abilities are useful (to an extent) but the currency to purchase them has to be found through exploration so new upgrades can only be purchased so quickly. Buy one you won't need for some time and you're out currency and the gameplay doesnt change. I did a decent amount of additional exploration and did not find enough currency to upgrade everything. Not a problem to me personally but then I was happy with what I chose to upgrade.- Autosave System: I understand why the game has auto-save. It allows the devs to provide difficult sections of the game. The game saves so often I don't think I was never bothered but life does happen so be aware you can't stop playing whenever you want (unless you don't mind replaying a section).- Length: I was only lost once that I can recall and I didn't waste much time dashing around (for a certain achievement) and I beat the game in six hours. I was hoping for an 8-10 hour experience. There is a new game plus and I didn't get all the collectables but for what I'm calling the main game, it was a tad short.Overall Impression- Hyper Light Drifter was worth the 18 USD (sale price). Some of the best boss fights I've played. Great combat. The story presentation being purely visual challenged me to think about the world and what the Drifter's purpose was. Is the game difficult? At times, but you are given all the tools to overcome. Like many of the best indie games, Hyper Light Drifter provides a unique and focused experience you will not get anywhere else."
,Recommended,257850,22246362,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Tigerman Poob,"Hyper Light Drifter is a game I'd been excited for for the past couple years now and I'm happy to say it does not disappoint. The visuals are some of the most beautiful I've seen in the pixel art genre, and there are various astonishing sights to see, some of which I would stop to study for a couple minutes. The soundtrack is great too, Disasterpeace does some of the most unique chiptune music I've ever heard.Before playing I was a little worried since a lot of people have been saying the game is too hard and frustrating to be fun, but after playing it through I wholeheartedly disagree. The bosses are very hard, that I wont deny anyone, but I found all of them really engaging and never frustrating, even though I died repeatedly on a few of them. Combat in this game is more about being aware of your surroundings and timing your actions than simply mashing buttons. I'm not against the idea of an easier difficulty setting for people who don't play this type of game often, but the experience of finally getting it down and sticking it to a boss is really satisfying. Some of the game's appeal would be lost without it.I finished the game in about 8 or 9 hours of play time, though I feel like there were a lot of secrets I missed, and there is a new game + mode as well so replay value seems good. Definitely will be playing this more in the future."
,Recommended,257850,22246951,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,danielhotchkiss,Was an amazing game until I kept getting an 'Argument 1' audio error....
,Recommended,257850,22247483,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ProjectSnipe,"Well my grades were hanging on by a thread, and this game was the sweet, sweet, popcicle stick that finished the job."
,Recommended,257850,22246244,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Big Boy Bimbus,In Short:This game is worth the money.Pros-Looks goodcombat is awesomepixel artgreat music (if you have very loud volume turn it down)STORY IS THE BEST THINGCons-like darks souls and you will have to figure stuff outTIP SPOILERSTART NORTH FIRST (up)
,Recommended,257850,22246624,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Samurai-Sloth,"So this has been often compared to Dark Souls, but I believe a more apt comparison is to older Legend of Zelda games like 'Link to the Past' & such. The game is hard, but not impossible. Death just puts you back at the start of a room.The pixel art is smexy, the music & environments are moody. The gameplay is very fast-paced. With a host of hidden items, costumes & other secrets Hyper Light Drifter is definitely worth $20(unless 30 fps caps are a deal breaker for you).Edit 10/13/16:The dev has taken the argument for 60 fps to heart & has reprogrammed the game for 60 fps. So things are a bit snapier & more responsive."
,Recommended,257850,22246629,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Jwako,"Don't be intimidated by a lot of the reviews saying its really hard or unforgiving or whatever, it's the exact same thing as with people claiming Dark Souls is the hardest game ever. The only difficult parts are the bosses, and everything they do is well and intuitively telegraphed.The games rly gud you should play it i think"
,Recommended,257850,30977132,Posted: 6 April,all,Lambantninja,"Where to even begin....I rarely do product reviews...especially for things I like or cherish because I typically feel like whatever I may type cannot give a just picture of what I experienced. There are parts of this game when the music, visuals and mechanics sync up and manage to pull literally every emotion in the spectrum from you. I have played indie games before, but for me personally, this was my ""Fez"" moment; my 'Bastion"" (and I played/own Bastion!!); the kickstarter I wish I had backed. It had just the right thematic/mechanical elements to keep me hooked deep in. I have read this in reviews below and I completely echo the sentiment: if Zelda: Links Awakening and Darksouls had a sweet, sweet love child while listening to the Tron soundtrack; this be it.Above is a mish mash; an amalgalmation of my euphoria when playing this game. More of that to come.The boss fights are challenging and rewards you (the player) for finding the right combination of moves by getting to witness  the drifter dance to victory; not unlike perfect choreography. The landscape/environs are brooding, surreal and meaty; which is incredible considering the Isometric perspective of the game. The music. The F********* MUSIC!!!! I am literally going to pick up Fez because of the music in this game alone. I found myself purposely dash chaining through sections (especially in the eastern water section) to hear the unique backing tracks SEEMLESSLY blend into eachother. Intro music is easily one of my top ten intro songs. It is a feature light game with single player and co op campaign options ( hooray local coop; I hate online coop and like eating pizza and crushing dirks with my friends IN PERSON) and a new game plus option. Thats it and it makes the game a much more focused experience because of  this fact.I waited for the game to go on sale to pick it up and after my positive experience with Bastion's soundtrack edition,decided to spring for the soundtrack edition for this as well. Easily one of the best bargains/purchases i have ever made. I am completely invested in the indie craze now!!!Brass Tacks:Sound: 10/10Controls: 10/10Story: ?/10*My only small nitpick (F****** microscopic): I wish their would have been more in game cinematics; They were too gorgeous. Since the story is told entirely in cenematics and images (no this is not an unironic statment nor is it a pun on the visual nature of video games). That being said, the story leaves enough breadcrumbs (or images of breadcrumbs) to have many different people draw many different conclusions and craft unique narratives. For me that makes this game EVEN more awesome hence my ""?/10"" for unlimited potential.Replayability: 7/10* This is not bad that I gave it a 7; I like that the game is feature light, I think its a strength in an atmospheric game. When measuring longevity, however, features go a LONG way in shaping that fact.Final verdict: 8.5/10 Would punish that A****le toad boss again."
,Recommended,257850,26028382,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Luno,its nice gaem
76561198136262401,Recommended,257850,23346845,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,krabs,This is a fun and innovative game. It allows you to upgrade and constantly inprove and has a vast open world with many different challenges. 7/10 Very Fun
,Recommended,257850,28696403,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,M_1t,"This game although short leaves an impact on the player as to how games could be, how they should be. With an art style akin to Towerfall with a bit more grace, this game is fantastic to look at. Every section of the world is gorgeous and feels as though it really exists on some distant planet. The combat is difficult, but not so much that you will give up more than once. There are only two things bad I have to say about the game, the east boss is too easy, and the game is a little too short. This game leaves me hungry for more out of it, but perhaps it is best that it wasn't too long, because the level design is off the scale and there are so many secrets out there that I know I havn't found a quarter of. Im not the type of person who likes to hunt for EVERYTHING, but I do enjoy exploration and this game satiates that desire fully. Takes about 10 hours to complete with most of it unexplored but its well worth your money.Art = AMusic = AStory = BCombat = A+Level Design = ACollectables = SIs gud gaem"
76561198083176833,Recommended,257850,23162444,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,to_the_mattcave,"I haven't played much of this game, but the first two areas so far have been fantastic. Excellent controls with tight combat and movement, fantastic level design with beautiful visuals, and an amazing soundtrack to top it all off. 2/10"
,Recommended,257850,30461591,Posted: 11 March,all,Goofcat,"This game is a prime example of what to look for in the scenery facet of games. Everything within the environments in this game is carefully designed and beautiful. The combat is exhilarating and satisfying - especially the tough boss battles that initially can make you want to tear your hair out; however, you'll end up loving the game too much to just quit after several tries. The music complements a wonderful story with a dark background to it - Alx Preston, the creator of Hyper Light Drifter, has a life-threatening heart issue that he based his creative focus around. The premise for the game centers around it - the Drifter has a disease that could ultimately kill him at any time (just as Alx's disease potentially could) and must find a cure. Alx wanted to put out a creative piece that he would be remembered for in case something happened to him, and he could not have succeeded better than he did with Hyper Light Drifter. This game is a complete masterpiece from start to finish."
,Recommended,257850,31309313,Posted: 22 April,all,Wodka,this alpha version of dark souls was pretty fun
76561198073924624,Recommended,257850,31950366,Posted: 25 May,all,Elboo,make it for Nintendo Switch guys!
76561198371382686,Recommended,257850,32888543,Posted: 27 June,all,Burp,Lovely game and lovely gameplay
76561197992170574,Recommended,257850,28531404,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,jargonjunkie,I love this game.
,Recommended,257850,32826292,Posted: 26 June,all,gook,I am lost in a beautiful world
,Recommended,257850,24088979,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Gilae,"If I was asked to describe this game in one sentence, I would say something along the lines of ""If Bastion and Dark Souls had a pixely baby, this is how I'd imagine it"".Thankfully I wasn't.This game is an extremely intriguing piece of work and probably one of the best games to come out of kickstarter. Despite its pixely nature, which I'm sure not everyone approves of, it has a lot of really breathtaking vistas of this interesting (almost) post apocalyptic world.On the other hand, albeit rarely, the art style does sometimes make it hard to distinguish background from foreground and one ends up dashing straight off the world. This is not too bad however, since falling off is not instant death.The sword and gunplay are beyond parallel. Sword swings are extremely satisfying, and when combo'd with dash upgrades they make for a fantastic, weighty yet dynamic combat system. All the guns have a great kick, and even the pea shooter doesn't feel like a pea shooter.One of the biggest parts of this game is dashing, and after you get the hang of it, multidashing is one of the greatest feelings of movement I have felt in a game. The game recommends using a controller but I had far more success with mouse + keyboard with dash being controlled by mouse directions, but I guess to each their own, so experiment as you wish to find what's comfortable for you.The Music in this game if beyond phenomenal, they manage to perfectly capture and enhance any atmosphere they were looking to portray. I  was absolutely blown aback by the OST for one of the bosses, so much so that I just stood there for 30 seconds after which point I was already dead.This game is fairly unforgiving, throwing a good amount of enemies at you, no regenerating health, really tough bosses, but thankfully it isn't overbearing as they provide you with enough tools that most players will be able to beat it with enough determination.The secrets are both well hidden and have good clues as to where they're located once you know what to look for, making for an exciting and rewarding hunt. I personally don't like going out of my way to 100% a game but I found myself striving to find every unlockable costume and monolith.Why haven't you played this game yet?"
76561198074564939,Recommended,257850,32804855,Posted: 26 June,all,magicmig,Dope AF.
76561198023229209,Recommended,257850,30399254,Posted: 8 March,all,Brady,"Find a friend, take some LSD, and play the best game ever designed."
,Recommended,257850,32795784,Posted: 25 June,all,BearJew,"I don't generally write reviews, in fact I'm not convinced I've ever written one for steam but this game certainly is exceptional and therefore garners exceptional circumstances.Hyper Light Drifter is an absolute masterpiece.From the Soundtrack, to the art, to the game play, it's stellar. It doesn't let you have your wins easy, so when you do finally make it through a challenge it is oh-so-satisfying. Super easy to pick up, pretty difficult to beat, espcially for the uninitiated. Any gamer looking for a healthy challenge with in the setting of a beautiful game, with a light, but moving story: This is it.Hyper Light Drifter 10/10 from me hands down."
,Recommended,257850,28925172,Posted: 1 January,all,mark-henry,"Sexy, sexy combat mechanics coupled with gorgeous sound and music laid over an abstract story told without words."
76561198087126261,Recommended,257850,32908639,Posted: 27 June,all,Cheeto,beautiful game
76561198318652937,Recommended,257850,32915218,Posted: 27 June,all,Wazard,"game is fun, got it for a road trip, probably played about 20 hours offline. Do you like zelda, well then get this, Zelda is trash compared to this"
76561198115370146,Recommended,257850,32966398,Posted: 28 June,all,CoolBreeze,gud
76561198064203806,Recommended,257850,22563514,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Assbepis,"As much as people like to compare this to darksouls, it is not the case. All it has in common with dark souls is metroidvania style open world, pretty much everything else does not resemble darksouls. Its a fantastic game in its own right"
,Recommended,257850,31003293,Posted: 7 April,all,.Impa,Masterpiece.
76561198125293939,Recommended,257850,23001963,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,EmilUS123,COMBAT 9/10WORLD 10/10GRAFIC 10/10ANIMATIONS 10/10STORY/CAMPIGN 10/10ENIMES 10/101000000/10
,Recommended,257850,22528520,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,sith aesthetic,Fail. Fail better next time.
76561198261306967,Recommended,257850,26158755,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,stevo.reaves,A must have in a world of 2D independant games. I truely enjoyed every ounce of gameplay and story.
,Recommended,257850,29616858,Posted: 31 January,all,Chris Sheeppy,"This game is the story with no words. The entire story goes on from what you know and what you visually see combined.  Although this game is not recommended if your here for gameplay only, it'll bore you to death if that's what you're seeking. This game is a story-based game full of imagination and it really feels like an amazing game."
76561198089041894,Recommended,257850,29778872,Posted: 8 February,all,IronLion,"After being an avid gamer for the past 20 years, playing Mario, Zelda, Sonic, Final Fantasy, Warcraft, Starcraft, God of War, Half Life, Cave Story, Skyrim, The Witcher, Shadow of the Colossus aaand the list goes on...Hyper Light Drifter is the most perfect and artful game I have ever played."
,Recommended,257850,26126255,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Reveille! Reveille!,"Amazing soundtrack and stelar visuals.A very good game. Thank you, Game Grumps."
,Recommended,257850,29601840,Posted: 31 January,all,ReadySpaghetti,"This would've been a great game if it had an actual story, the least the developers could've done was add some text to the indecipherable voices of the characters. I'll still recommend it doe, the gameplay and visual art just stunned me. Looking forward to Heart Machine's future games!"
76561198079334052,Recommended,257850,28726153,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Luke,:)
,Recommended,257850,29178055,Posted: 10 January,all,Show_Key,"a very bothersome cyst in my ear popped when i finally beat the gameThe combat is very inspired and very fast paced, and is quite well executed too. A bit like Dark Souls in terms of difficulty, and although the action/attack choices arent as broad, they never feel tiresome or dry.Exploration was fairly rewarding. This game will suit the completionist or the achievement hunter.The music was good. It goes a little subtle while exploring, then ramps up appropriately with the action. The cutscene tracks were the best, I think.The art was good. Many varying tones and colors on a pixel landscape that made the environment pop without taking focus away from the badass Drifter.The story was captivating enough without taking away from the action, but I don't think the lack of dialogue did it any favors.If you're looking for a challenge, Hyper Light Drifter has got you covered."
,Recommended,257850,25775286,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Stranger,Nice game. :)
,Recommended,257850,30250370,Posted: 28 February,all,Blotto,Amazing and fun gameplay with tight controls!
,Recommended,257850,22348578,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Dr.Strangelove,A masterpiece...
,Recommended,257850,25747629,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,2000chopsticks,How many bosses are there? i got to the crow wizard thing and died 100 times before i beat it. then i died 100 more time on a different part (not even a boss) so i rage quited.initially the game feels like its going to be boring and really short since the end is in front of you after the first boss (but you can't get to it until alot later) but its overall a AMAZING game with cool gamplay and enemies. i just can't figure out the upgrade system and the inventory. 10.1/10 must buy :-)
,Recommended,257850,29613917,Posted: 31 January,all,FrostGiant_exe,"Loved this game, reminiscent of older Zelda titles with a futuristic twist. Kept me and my friend hooked for over 12 hours straight. Great game!"
,Recommended,257850,29621045,Posted: 31 January,all,fiveeyes,"Pretty good game, I really like how they do storytelling, combat feels pretty good. Took about 6 hours to beat, but that was without collecting all the extra stuff and basically bee-lining for the end."
,Recommended,257850,29601871,Posted: 31 January,all,bink.,"Polished Excellence. Very much recommended. Go in blind. Avoid plot spoilers. 100% completion almost certainly demands a location marked map - it's fine to beat the game before considering that though, and important to beat a couple of bosses first, lest you ruin the mystery."
,Recommended,257850,25908817,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Curry,This game is like getting anal... but I don't know what anal feels like.
76561198284768470,Recommended,257850,22988799,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Lanpher,"Wow. This game combines smooth fast paced combat with interesting art and music. The story isn't clear so that might be a downside for some along with the game being difficult at times. Another downside is that the health kits are hidden, so the people who need it most can't find them. Overall I love this game."
76561198004174059,Recommended,257850,24496827,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,McDiamond,"Having been aware of this game for two years prior to its release, I was super excited to play it when it finally arrived. Thing is, I didn't know anything about the actual gameplay or story before I bought it. I had seen some gifs, a trailer and knew that Disasterpeace was making the soundtrack, and I was sold. So when I finally got into it, I was surprised to learn how difficult the game was. Everyone compares difficult games with Dark Souls, and while Hyper Light Drifter isn't quite as difficult, it still has that hard-but-fair vibe that only extremely fine-tuned games have.tl;drGreat soundtrackGorgeous artworkFinely-tuned combatTop 10 ever playedRecommend you play with high-quality speakers/headphones, a good screen and an Xbox 360 controller (or equivalent)."
76561198287135061,Recommended,257850,22277064,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,roboboymega,Hyper Light Drifter is a game combined with amazing animation and glorious battle with challenging enemies. Anybody who gives this game a chance will be rewarded dearly.
76561198219457543,Recommended,257850,22292872,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,wyw2252,"I do want to say it is fantastic but the super stupid dash with keyboard ruined it.,."
76561198048584336,Recommended,257850,25106404,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,BodyHairMaster,"Amazing game with satisfying and challenging gameplay, a unique art style and atmosphere, as well as a fantastic soundtrack to boot.  This game is delicious."
,Recommended,257850,27737686,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Drifter,it's ok.
76561198064522671,Recommended,257850,28605472,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Sherp,"Beautiful game, great immersion and nice BGM to boot. A little backtrack-y at times, but definitely worth playing. Combat is fun but can be tough in the beginning. If you like single player games or co-op on the couch games, definitely pick it up."
,Recommended,257850,27919929,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Temps,This game is all I thought it would be and better. HIGHLY recommended.
,Recommended,257850,28038438,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nintendork64,"Hyper Light Drifter does not hold your hand, it does not give you thorough tutorials, it does not explain what you're doing and why, and it does not go easy on you. This game may be a response to modern games that are overly expository but offer no challenge. This game is very challenging and offers no explanations. It lets you figure everything out on your own. And by God is it good.The game plays a little bit like a 2D Zelda game. You're given an top-down perspective and need to explore and battle your way through a mysterious world with your sword and other weapons you find along the way.Battles involve dashing, slashing, and shooting enemies. They're fast-paced and satisfying, relying almost entirely on skill.Like Zelda, it also has puzzles and a great deal of exploration. The world is large and mysterious. Secret areas and hidden items are scattered absolutely everywhere and it's fun and always worth it to explore and find them.The visual style is distinctive and striking, yet minimal, relying on neon pixel art. Very few bugs popped up during my playthrough, and the game is constantly receiving updates and fixes. The game isn't particularly long: It's only around 8 hours straight through for a decent player, but the sheer amount of collectibles and secrets make up for that.It's not a perfect game: the story might be too cryptic for its own good. After playing through the whole thing, I'm still not entirely sure what it's about.Its high level of difficulty can occasionally be frustrating, especially in the boss battles, which can be quite hard.This game is also the best argument for octo-gates on a controller I've seen: it's hard to line up dashes perfectly horizontally and vertically, but thankfully the game compensates for that a little.Overall it's a fantastic game. Many indie games on Steam try to bring back the challenge and style of 8 and 16-bit console games, but Hyper Light Drifter succeeds. It's not for everyone, but I would highly recommend it for those looking for an old-school challenge....I just intended to post a quick review to get that Steam badge. How did it get this long?!"
76561198060427185,Recommended,257850,27310206,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NCxus,"Well I stumbled upon this game, when the devs where posting a notice that they'll release this game on the end of march. Intrigued I checked what this game was supposed to be and I was immediately interested. The game industry doesn't have many zelda-esque titles that spice up the game with story, dungeons and compelling boss fights like The Legend of Zelda. Though games that knock on the TLOZ like Dark Souls, Darksiders and Okami are a dime a dozen. So I asked myself will this be another dime. In my opinion it is a worthy game to play looking away from clunkiness and time.The story starts wiith a cutscene that shows a catastrophic event. No further information, but the visual of the cutscene is given and it relies on your speculation what happened ( of course if you weren't spoiled). You are a drifter, who is haunted by mysterious visions, that you cant explain. With no more information you are dropped into the game and through progress you piece the story together.Pros:- interesting pixel art that seems to capture the technological and eery feeling of the world presented in Hyper Light      Drifter.- Exposition of the game world is not presented through speech, but by perception and visuals. More information about the game world is leaked by beating the areas, which for me is an incentive to pursue the story till the end.- hard and challenging bosses, that drop there unique weapon after beating them.-different platforming tools to experiment with and find collectibles.- a fast but hard combat system, that feels rewarding if mastered.-Boss rush modeCons:- The game is short and can be casually beaten in about 6-7 hours.- If you don't use the 60 fps mode of the game, the game may seem sluggish, since in order to master the combat you need to time your inputs."
76561197994616079,Recommended,257850,25799820,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Shadowmat,"I'm not crazy about the sluggish controls, how vulnerable you are at the end of a dash, or how long it takes to recover from a swing. Enemies are brutal, and bosses are rediculously hard. The world is nice, but the story is paper thin, and presented with blocky images. It's not that I don't recommed this game, because I do want to like it. But the difficulty level is frustrating at best, and impossible, requiring absoute precise timing and skill at certain points.I like the graphics. But I must say, I don't really care for the music's ""whiny"" synth sounds. The music is a bit like the old Miramax Minds Eye vids from the 90's. That's not a good thing.So check it out, especially when on sale. But don't expect to beat it in one go. You may even have to give up at some point. Like I did...If you like really hard games, this is for you."
76561198063812678,Recommended,257850,27068319,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raging Munchlax,12/10 now at 60 fps.
,Recommended,257850,29592817,Posted: 30 January,all,geekbot,"Hyper Light Drifter is a beautiful pixel-art game, with minimalist storytelling, and tight, precise controls.After some short exposition, you are essentially given the freedom to explore the world, and discover things to your leasure. I loved how the various weapon mechanics worked, between the swordplay and gunslinging. The movement also feels very fluid once you get used to the dashing mechanic.All in all, a very solid game, and a great choice for anyone who enjoys a bit of a challenge!"
,Recommended,257850,27575518,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,gin.mom,"I absolutely recommend this game. I'd been itching to play an RPG-kinda game, and this definitely delivered. One of my top ten games, easily. A little walky, and story driven, but the fighting mechanics are good and the fact that you can understand what's going on without reading anything within the story is awesome."
,Recommended,257850,28632966,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Moosha,1 word... Beautiful :D
76561198259014850,Recommended,257850,33125521,Posted: 2 July,all,TheRydeBlader ♎,Heart machine actually implemented LSD and Onion to their game......69/1 CIA approve the drugs:bbtcat:
76561198226606928,Recommended,257850,22177793,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,niallharlan,Dark Souls + Zelda = Hyper Light Drifter
,Not Recommended,257850,33002863,Posted: 29 June,all,Grizzly,Meh at best.Feels way too artsy and calm to actually be fun. 30 minutes in and I still haven't shown anything but indifference. Feels boring.
76561198310198578,Recommended,257850,23658433,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,blazingalpaca01,Hyper light drifter is a amazing pixel(art)sidescrolling game that is full of suprises.oh and warning it is so much easier to play this game with either a xbox controller or ps4 controller because using a mouse is super frustrating.hyper light drifter is a beautiful game full of mysteries and cool characters even though this game will make wanna smash your controller at some points it is a very good game and it will denfinitly intrigue you.if i could give this game a score i would give it a 9 out of 10
,Recommended,257850,27325886,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jeff,This is honestly one of the most fun ive had in a game... and the backstory was amazing 10/10 would play many times again!
,Recommended,257850,30826891,Posted: 29 March,all,Nutmeg.,Amazing game.
76561198130325685,Recommended,257850,25532820,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Velkan,I loved this game from begining to the very end. Great story presentation e gameplay experience. Can't go wrong with this one.
76561198093694653,Recommended,257850,30830666,Posted: 30 March,all,LowlyKnight,"I LOVE THIS GAME!! I have not beaten it yet, but the art and the music are so beautiful that I turn this game on just to relax.  I find the game to be difficult but rewarding.  The art and music are just... so good."
76561198035137148,Recommended,257850,22439938,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,MaxML415,awesome.
,Recommended,257850,22174601,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Ki Urakan,"Despite the small issue i have i really recommended this game. This game not like any other games especially for the arts, i really love it!. Thanks Heart Machine"
76561198014471835,Recommended,257850,25472770,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Baines,Totally totally awesome!
76561198207797548,Recommended,257850,33621865,Posted: 17 July,all,Let it RIP,"This would be one of my favorite games on pc but the combat is ehhhh and I got stuck a lot and therefore couldnt even move anywhere in boss fights which got me angry. Great game, just some minor issues here and there."
76561198150309301,Recommended,257850,30821057,Posted: 29 March,all,Yorri Torr,"Honestly one of the funnest, most refreshingly beautiful games I've played. Challenging in the best way."
,Recommended,257850,30818725,Posted: 29 March,all,meatz666,"I liked it.Its a ""mute"" zelda dark souls mashup."
,Recommended,257850,30821640,Posted: 29 March,all,Mawcks,Fantastic
76561198056022992,Recommended,257850,31031014,Posted: 8 April,all,Oke oku,"Tried to nibble, sunk my teeth in.Sunk my teeth in, now im drowning.SEND HELP"
,Recommended,257850,31031030,Posted: 8 April,all,HamBone41801,"Great game. Multiplayer is VERY lacking, but other than that, no bad things to say."
,Recommended,257850,31037103,Posted: 9 April,all,Bchad,One of the best games I've ever played. The music and art are absolutely amazing.
,Recommended,257850,22720940,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,pooks,Innovative and difficult.
,Recommended,257850,31030874,Posted: 8 April,all,robrobinson83,Simply a phenomenal game!
,Recommended,257850,25847371,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","really nice, not much else to say, it is very fun to play, not too difficult and not too easy, very nice converying of story with no actual words, maybe the ending was a little lackluster but overall it gets a solid thumbs up gold star seal of approval"
76561198086405666,Recommended,257850,25758783,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,i.squirtburritos,incredible
,Recommended,257850,25759873,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Megil Ithil,Simply magnificent. Buy it.
76561197967668421,Recommended,257850,29297995,Posted: 16 January,all,Feanor,"Read the full review.  I have a major problem with this game, other than that its excellent and should be played by anyone teen and up.Hyper Light Drifter is an intense, moody, atmospheric adventure game, in the vein of Legend of Zelda.  You are a Drifter, professional adventurerer  and hunter of the world's lost secrets.  You are dying and trying to find a cure.  You set off on a past where other Drifters have failed, stopping the bad guys who have sacked the various cities in the region and activating the cores for some unknown purpose.The production values are excellent.  The music is moody and atmospheric, complementing the beauitful, pixelated world you see.Combat takes a 21st century spin on 2-d LoZ games.  Your character has a sword button and a dash button, which make up the meat of the intense combat.  Unless LoZ, you get a gun, which you can aim and shoot with the analog stick and trigger.  You can upgrade special abilities only by collecting upgrade tokens.  These tokens are assembled by four pieces, like Heart Containers in LoZ, and unfortunately, some are too well hidden for their own good.  More on that later.There are four ""dungeons,"" which are cities ruined by villainous races.  In these areas, the Drifter must combat large numbers of enemies and work through a wide variety of hazards to activate the keys that unlock the door to the boss.  I find these dungeons unpleasant.  Not because of the enemies, the combat difficulty is perfect.  But because I was always lost.  REALLY LOST.  I recently dug this game out of my backlog to force myself to finish by putting up a Youtube walkthrough and imitating it, frame by frame so that I could find missing keys and upgrades.  The solutions didn't make me feel stupid: they only made me angry.  Critical paths or secrets would be hidden by requiring you to stand on the right tiny square and hit the button, or by going through a hidden path on the walls.  This means for a player to be able to play this right without a guide, they have to spend the whole game hugging every wall and probing every cliff for an invisible secret.But if Youtube is what it takes for you to finish the game, by all means, do it.  The game is still a wondeful experience.  Just be cognizant of when you are frustrated and be prepared to pull Youtube out.+ Phenomenal production value and atmostphere+ Intense combat that puts Legend of Zelda to shame- I had to stand THERE?  HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO KNOW THAT?!"
,Recommended,257850,23968287,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,spucci-,"Very fun gameplay and mechanics, cryptic ""story"" and secrets, very reminiscent of old Zelda games, with a bit of a Dark Souls influence as well in the difficulty and dodging. Enjoyable soundtrack and actual well done, not lazy as ♥♥♥♥  pixel art. Unfortunately it was rather short, still worth the money thoug, one of the few worthwhile indie games these days."
,Recommended,257850,30834531,Posted: 30 March,all,kamelklo,Gotta f***ing love it.
,Recommended,257850,30836462,Posted: 30 March,all,Kaiylar,Super satisfying gameplay in a beautiful and intriguing world.
76561198337017563,Recommended,257850,32685011,Posted: 23 June,all,pnyam1.u,Best game ever !!!
76561198068425893,Recommended,257850,23592390,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,ToothTickler,"This is a great game. The gameplay, the art, the music. For me, 10/10."
,Recommended,257850,32581053,Posted: 19 June,all,Yeet?,really deep game. i suggest to all who like undertale or those types of games (8-bit)
,Recommended,257850,28602371,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Irrelevant2you,"Hyper Light Drifter is a RPG that has influences from classic top down Zelda and Diablo.  The story is interpretive and yet still enthralling with the only constant being that your main character is sick and and something terrible has happened. NPCs will often only give you vague chat paintings combined with alien grunts to fuel your imagination of the tragedy that has occurred on their planet.Gameplay emphasizes positioning and balancing of fluid ranged/melee options in focused rooms while timing medpack uses with a lmited health bar. Each of these firefights is tense and chaotic with increasing pressure, almost like a floor in Hotline Miami. Checkpoints are ok, starting at the beginning of the room, though I found myself challenged on many of the multi-stage battles and it was sometimes frustrating starting rooms over.  It is satisfying, however, to adjust your flow of combat and conquer rooms that seemed impossible 3 lives ago which adds to the sense of progression not via stats, but by trial and error. There are 4 sections to the world and each has boss(es) you will need to navigate to and defeat. The world map provides just enough info to keep you aware of your location and even provides a room to room mapping complete with the locations of keys you will need to reach your opponents.Controls are great and match gameplay well. A clear controller map is provided, no rebindings. Many areas require precision shooting or good timing of dashes to progress through and I never felt the controller scheme held me back.Equipment progression occurs via collection of nodes in the world, often after tough areas or platform navigation. The movement upgrades are more important than the combat upgrades.Music consists of suprisingly simple synths and chiptunes created by Disasterpeace (Fez, It Follows) that are beautifully manipulated pull you into a mysterious sci-fi alien world. Easily one of the best game soundtracks out.Sound design simple yet very functional. Combat sounds are satisfying, you will hear your playstyle clearly when combining sword and gun attacks and defensive dodges. Chimes and pings are often the only minimal guidance you will receive and do a great job of nudging you the right way without hand holding you. Plenty of synth and chiptunes manipulated to output goosebump inducing alien roars or earthly hums. Even just dashing into a wall provides good feedback.The art direction is simple and yet fantastic. The x-bit images benefit from a lack of outlining and scenes really blend in with eachother while at the same time your brain tricks you to input your own imagination.Colors are vibrant and meaningful. Blues and purples provide a sense of mystery and loss of energy. Blacks are used to show the unknown and death. Greens show regrowth and purity.Locations vary, from exploring through the decayed ruins of an previous civilzation to passing through a beautiful natural regrowth of the planet.VICE has a great mini-documentary on the game and provides a lot of insight on the people behind it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUT5SBZkVysFor me, one of the best RPGs in the indie genre I have played so far.Also, the local coop is an amazing addition."
,Recommended,257850,23900600,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BossMachine,Byahtiful.  Also very fun.
76561198066227586,Recommended,257850,25761613,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,certified goober,Very fun game with amazing art and smooth mechanics
76561198058863069,Recommended,257850,26052313,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,fireguy12,Probably the best game I've ever played tbh
76561198124088684,Recommended,257850,26056905,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Denzel Lord of Time,Yes
,Recommended,257850,25936359,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Prinz Kasper,Fantastic!
,Recommended,257850,23297668,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,awesomealonzo,Difficult but dope.
76561198002569262,Recommended,257850,23387097,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Victor,The best.
76561198249321446,Recommended,257850,23312421,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,C R O N E X X 奥義,cool game
,Recommended,257850,30238252,Posted: 28 February,all,Tsene,"This game has such a capturing atmosphere. The music, the beautiful pixel graphics, the overall mood of the game - it really sucks you in. Can't say that about a lot games these days."
,Recommended,257850,30214205,Posted: 26 February,all,Ransom,"Amazing game!  Fantastic soundtrack!  I really don't know how to describe how well they made this game.  Buy it, play it, and you will love it."
76561198197085742,Recommended,257850,26310469,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,sircryptic,Beautiful and haunting ambience thanks to the amazing music and sound design. I have a feeling I'll be playing this a bunch.
,Recommended,257850,27225176,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PepeMzero,i love this gameeee <3<3<3<3<3<3 :D
,Recommended,257850,27240600,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GingerSpice,Excellent soundtrackFun CombatStunning visualsCompelling story
,Recommended,257850,27249596,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,enkæless,"10/10 Game, would play!"
,Recommended,257850,26985053,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,s4yn3,"I personally love this game, but this is just for the badge."
,Recommended,257850,26990525,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wizravn,Awesome game with a great OST
76561198098479297,Recommended,257850,27243095,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FunkaliciousFett,Play this game now. 'Nuf said
76561198144153834,Recommended,257850,30974737,Posted: 6 April,all,Exortine,love it!!!
,Recommended,257850,32189349,Posted: 4 June,all,ATLASSASSIN,"Very interested in trying this game, but upon installing Win10 64-bit system, received following error :Vertex Shader compilationShaderName: shd_PreMultiplyAlphaD3DXCompile failed - resultcalled from - gml_Script_shader_reset_HLD (line 2)called from - gml_Script_Maskload (line 160)called from - gml_Script_LevelLoad (line 499)called from - gml_Object_SCREEN_Other_4 (line 109)"
,Recommended,257850,28568759,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,CHICKEN WIZARD,Was not ready. Not ready at all.
,Recommended,257850,24799566,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Jason,"Really Really Really Awesome game.I've felt that this game is kind of a hack'n'slash but retro style in some way(As i've played only 2 hours to make this review, my analysis can change)This is the kind of game that make you feel that you are playing a 2d old game (in a good way) it has an awesome gameplay,if you enjoy exploring hidden areas in games and to discover all alone by yourself without any help from the game then this is the game for you.Pros:* Simple UI* Simple Gameplay (but awesome)* Awesome artwork and animations (yes it was all created manually by hand)* You need to play in order to figure out the story, nothing is really told to you (some npcs show you images of what happend to them)* There are some upgrades which you can make to the character (such as gun improvements, bombs, new guns, new jumps, and many more.)* The bosses make you feel like you are playing some true retro game, because they have kind of special movements and they are not easy to beat (i've battled a big frog and for just 1 point of life i've won)* Soundtrack very simple but it fits the style very well* Sound effects are awesome everything you do have a special different sound effect that when you hear it you will sense what you are doing* It doesnt make you addicted to play more and more which is the profile of game that i am always looking for* It has a co-op option which i didn't tested but i think it would make my experience even better with a friend (which i dont have :V )* It has some kind of puzzles inside the game and hidden items in hidden areas which make your experience even better* The game has a fast travel featureCons:* Sometimes the game gets boring for me (this is a personal question, you can feel different about it, it must be the soundtrack i think)* You don't have a tutorial about the UI, although that it is very simple to understand* The objectives are stated on the map but you don't know exactly what you are looking for, so when you are new to this game you will feel lost sometimes( I dont know if i can state any other thing which i didn't liked, i think this game don't have bad features )My actual note for this game is: 8 / 10"
,Recommended,257850,22219792,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Trombe,"Another update.I absolutely recommend this game in its current state.60 fps is finally available.Fixed dodge mechanic with KB+M.Fixed controller support.The game itself is good and it's fully playable.I had a lot of gripes and frustrations with this game, but it ALL is finally fixed and can be experienced the way it mean to be, absolutely recommended."
76561198042805534,Recommended,257850,25408338,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,buttass,"THIS GAME IS DANK AS HELL, BUY IT IMMEDIATELY."
76561198144439472,Recommended,257850,23478698,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Nanachi,"The game is really fun imo. It's not too hard, but it's not so easy too, it also makes you feel like a badass until you get demolished. All the little secrets are very satisfying to find, and to collect the loot to get a new ability.The combat is pretty fluid and good, but sometimes in all the explosions and effects, you can lose your character. Delays between the dashes sometimes feel choppy, but it still works."
,Recommended,257850,28169702,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,{kck} her3tic,So damn good. The difficulty is just right and the incredible attention to detail blew me away.8.5/10
,Recommended,257850,28169848,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,lex luger,very good game 10/10 would fist your sister again
76561198072257120,Recommended,257850,25807271,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Goedmaker,Buy this
,Recommended,257850,30901536,Posted: 2 April,all,dustlooped,10/10
76561198028012185,Recommended,257850,27375079,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"Punished ""Nicholas"" Cage",This game is gr8 go and buy
,Recommended,257850,27375895,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SlyNic,"HYPER LIGHT DRIFTER DEFTLY MIXES CONTEMPLATIVE MOMENTS WITH BREAKNECK ACTION, AND IT'S REALLY PRETTY! :O"
,Recommended,257850,25066250,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Kahmos,"This game is one of the best games I've ever played.It's like they decided to make a new Legend of Zelda.Modern design, futuristic, and much, much harder.Beating this game was like esctacy for me, because it was so well made.I immediately put it on hard mode and beat it again, trying to 100% it.I found almost everything, with a fervor and zeal I hadn't had in a long time for a good game such as this.This game should be well known, I might stream myself because I need people to know this game exists.It's really that good, people need to make more games like this."
,Recommended,257850,25041978,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,niZmo,An absolutely awesome game.
,Recommended,257850,25066180,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Deiken,Lives up to the hype.
,Recommended,257850,25063765,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,The One True Griff,This is hands down one of the best and most unique games I've ever played. You're doing yourself a great disservice by passing this one up.
76561198002593617,Recommended,257850,27476458,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Reede,Truly something special. Feels like A Link to the Past's combat with Dark Souls' atmosphere of oppression and being stuck in a dying world that hates you. Completely dialogue free storytelling at it's absolute finest.My only criticism is that the dash challenge is sadistic. Can highly recommend.
,Recommended,257850,27477341,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DJ Spooky Jim,"It's so worth it. This game is very beautiful. In terms of graphics and in terms of music. Also the combat makes you feel like a badass. The bossfights are just challenging enough and when you beat a boss, you feel great! Definately worth it!"
,Recommended,257850,27477725,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Paulverizer,"Challenging game that has rpg elements, hidden items/weapons, and good old dark souls ""you're going to die"" gameplay."
,Recommended,257850,25727535,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Arn,"An amazing game, beautifully done. Gameplay is hard but rewarding when you start to get into it. Story is down to your own interpretation, this may be a plus or a negative depending on your point of view. If you've got the cash, send some money the developer's way by buying the game.My only regret is that it isn't longer. I encourage multiple playthroughs."
76561198050515865,Recommended,257850,25727451,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Crazy Frenzy,"Amazing game;Is fun to play, the immersion is amazing, the combat is fast, hard and really flexible so it dont get monotone or boring.as an extra the pixel art is just gorgeus .so to make this easy for you, BUY THIS GAME NOW!"
,Recommended,257850,25720112,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,CalSeeYum,"They're not wrong. It's Legend of Zelda meets Dark Souls. And it's a glorious sight to behold.Also I strongly recommend buying the Hyper Light Drifter plush from the WeLoveFine store. It's pretty cool, too."
76561197995369485,Recommended,257850,22372441,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Substance,Like Devil May Cry x Titan Souls!
,Recommended,257850,27697480,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Null Potato,"Hyper Light Drifter is an amazingly beautiful pixel art game centered around exploration and combat.Pros and Cons:Pros:-The art is fabulous-Great controls that allow you to get better with just knowledge and skill-Combat is hard but rewarding-Upgrades are not terribly OP-Boss fights are long but funCons:-I had to switch shoot and dash controls because they didn't feel natural-The 800 chain dash achievement iscancer-Since there is no text, the story is a little hard to understand at timesOverall it is becoming one of my favorite games 10/10"
,Recommended,257850,26337319,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,TripleHelix935,"One of my favorite games in a long time. Sporting an unforgettable visual design alongside great souls-like combat with a great story and atmosphere, Hyper Light Drifter is a must-buy. It makes me hopeful for the future for Heart Machine that will ensure I watch out for any future games. Keep up the great work guys!"
76561197996026362,Recommended,257850,22191685,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,hegel5000,"I'll try to say things which haven't been said (that this is a very difficult Souls-like; well, you die a lot more but death isn't nearly as punishing.  There are checkpoints everywhere.  But there's the same emphasis on deadly fights and big, connected maps.) and which aren't apparent from the trailer (both the art and sound design are gorgeous).1: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the map design.  There are a bajillion nooks and crannies and hidden paths.  Exploration is _very_ much rewarded.  And it's not like some games where it's a matter of pressing the A button or the E key on every single wall.  There are a lot of nice patterns as for figuring out where the hidden panels are, and the game does a nice job of training you to see them.2: The balance is _perfect_.  You don't have any stats which increase over the course of the game (closest thing to getting more health is getting more capacity for healing potions).  Yet you definitely feel like you're getting stronger as you progress through an area.  The upgrades are great, but they can pretty much only be used to exploit a weakness once you've figured out an enemy's pattern.  This means that even though the game branches out very early on, you don't have to worry about being too OP and tearing through the area you choose last, or getting crushed in the area you choose first.  In any case, enemies are introduced gradually, so you get trained in how to fight them before you see too many of them.  Exception being those charging plant monsters.  ♥♥♥♥ them D:3: Try to buy the dash chaining upgrade as soon as possible.  It's so hard to get good at but it's soooo much fun."
,Recommended,257850,34390079,Posted: 21 August,all,CyNoSurE God,2d dark souls in terms of difficulty which makes one amazing game!
76561198071148592,Recommended,257850,22277369,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,JustJakob,"THIS GAME.this game was so worth the 2-3 year wait and im definitely in love with the final product. Its beautiful difficult and everytime I died I wanted to play even more.however if youre the kind of person who gets extremely mad and quits a game instead of trying and trying until youve mastered it, then it might not be for you"
,Recommended,257850,22643530,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Khlorghaal,"A beautiful masterpiece.As a person who loves to complain and sees flaws in everything, I can't think of a single significant flaw. Instantly one of my top 10 favorite games."
,Recommended,257850,28778733,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DoomiNate,"I go through the same process as Dark Souls,Die many times.Complain a ton, want to quit.Git gud.Actually make some progress, maybe kill a boss.Die to standard mobs.Fun so far!"
,Recommended,257850,23998451,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,creek,fun
,Recommended,257850,34867051,Posted: 10 September,all,i like dabbing anime girls,i actually like this game
76561198018319411,Recommended,257850,31605899,Posted: 7 May,all,si,"its a chill bloodborne meets hotline miami, buy it"
76561198038473543,Recommended,257850,31607702,Posted: 7 May,all,Caste,"Incredible game.Gameplay, art style, animation... everything is perfect.I cannot recommend this game enough. Just get it!"
,Recommended,257850,26479312,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,davis_thurman,"I don't write reviews for games. Like, ever. But Hyper Light Drifter is easily one of my favorite games of all time. For the first time in years I was sucked into a new world like I was a kid in front of my n64 playing ocarina of time all over again. It's the kind of game tat makes your heart hurt with nostalgia when you think of it even though you just played it. Please please please buyt his game if you're considering it."
76561198116409729,Recommended,257850,26481123,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,thedood,"Beautiful art and animation, great soundtrack, robust combat and a good level of difficulty. 10/10 would buy again."
76561198007193668,Recommended,257850,26485501,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Fe7ix,This game was well worth it!Really atmospheric and engaging - super tight intuitive controls - hard in a way that relies entirely on skill.Beautiful soundtrack and magnificent pixel art.
76561198105698027,Recommended,257850,26484183,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Eksile,100/10 would play again. Favorite game of the past few years.
76561198081746778,Recommended,257850,26481653,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Mitch-Match,"The best game I have played in 10 years. It is tied with my first video game, Jak & Daxter. Extremely deep and complex story (once you get it, you're mind is blown) with a very strong pull on your emotions. I almost cried to be honest but you won't understand why until you play. This game is a must have."
,Recommended,257850,27470382,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Truexbrothers,Just Nominated this game for the Test of Time award. I believe that this was the best game of the year and should be an instant classic right along side Mario or Legend of Zelda. A silent story that has more going for it due tone it sets up. I just love this game. I cant wait for any DLC they might do or dont. Either way it is a game I will be coming back to again and again. Piece :P
,Recommended,257850,26308464,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Jason Steals Memes,"Here we have an edgy anime boi, he has a sword and a gun that goes pew pew* 10/10 gud game"
,Recommended,257850,31925057,Posted: 23 May,all,Benjaman,Excellent game. ~10 hours. Thank you for the experience.
,Recommended,257850,31899703,Posted: 22 May,all,Red,"vshhh vsshhhh fshting shting pkkow pkow pew pew vsshhhh-Me, playing"
76561198055202938,Recommended,257850,23219486,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Dude,took a bunch of screenshotsthis game is beautifull
76561198178328637,Recommended,257850,29165675,Posted: 10 January,all,Mr.X,Hyper Light is awsome! Love that classic touch with modern. Exceptionly difficult even if you do master your skills. Music and atmosphere is very captivating but keeping it simple. It be mind blowing if this was in a 3rd person perspective. Its deffintley a keeper. Very impressive I must say.
,Recommended,257850,22355100,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Iggy,"Beautiful, in every single way."
76561198077053664,Recommended,257850,22353902,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,kolbstar11,Grate game
,Recommended,257850,23266500,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,hotscorn,"Really beautiful and engaging game. Takes the pixel artform to a new place, especially in the cutscene cinematics. Lots of replay and exploratory value."
,Recommended,257850,24033437,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Major Dick Bong,"I dropped a couple tabs of acid a few hours ago, and I don't think I'm playing Zelda anymore."
,Recommended,257850,29655846,Posted: 2 February,all,discodecepticon,Amazing.
,Recommended,257850,29734276,Posted: 5 February,all,democratic republic of the congo,ITS SO PRETTY
76561198163032717,Recommended,257850,25856569,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Wizard101,"I'm starting to see why this game is called 2D Dark SoulsIf you're a casual gamer who just wants to have fun playing a game then stay tf away from this game. It'll make you mad, It'll make you rage quit but youll just keep coming back cause its so damn fun. Its one of my all-time favorite Indie games and you'll realize why once you buy it. Its incredibly tough and you'll find yourself clearing the second boss on the second try but you'll spend hours on getting through areas to get to the third boss and you'll spend even more time on that boss. Its not a casual game, its time consuming and requires a lot of exploration for the entire plot. Just stay away if you're not looking for a challenge"
,Recommended,257850,28148242,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SAKI THE RAT QUEEN,good.
76561198168156058,Recommended,257850,28148484,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,dashel,"I just beat the game on easy mode and it was Breathtaking. If you can get it, get it. My favorite game of the past few years."
,Recommended,257850,32792658,Posted: 25 June,all,Hunter of Hunters,Great game def worth the money
76561198127696367,Recommended,257850,33409771,Posted: 9 July,all,Meme,nice game yes
76561198050083299,Recommended,257850,32792575,Posted: 25 June,all,TrikStari,This game kicked my♥♥♥♥♥ But it's so good I cannot do anything other than recommend it.
,Recommended,257850,35316733,Posted: 29 September,all,Elchileparado01,Hell Yeah.
76561198043997600,Recommended,257850,35283392,Posted: 28 September,all,zaysaki,10/10 moisture
76561198099484193,Recommended,257850,34477692,Posted: 25 August,all,Green Zebra,"Ok let me start...CAN YOU ♥♥♥♥ING REDUCE THE INTERVAL BETWEEN DASHES FOR CHAIN DASHES, CAUSE IT'S TOO SHORT. YOU ♥♥♥♥ING PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME. I CAN EASILY EXECUTE CHAIN DASHES AND MAINTAIN FOR DAYS ITS TOO EASYYOU HAVE TO ♥♥♥♥ING TAP BY 0.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001s CHAIN DASH, CAN YOU REDUCE IT TO 0.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001s????????????????????????????????????????????//great game"
,Recommended,257850,28682935,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Happy Carrots,"The pixel art and animations are real good and the atmosphere is even gooder. Gameplay's good too, ya know. I'd like it even more if I could figure out how to get all of those pink things in every area...."
,Recommended,257850,22228012,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mali,"yeah the game is hard, but its the only game that will make you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥once you get good .Once you get rhythms down you will be drifting through bullets and landing amazing combos just to blink right back out to dodge their attack. The game does a fantastic job with its controls and combat mechanics  where when you die you know its not not the games fault and that you know where you can improve on.9.5/10i dont think i really have to talk about how good the  music and the aesthetic is . But i will say how they did their controller is fantasic."
,Recommended,257850,22233059,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Icarus Amadeus,"They will tell you this game is difficult, and it is.but I think it's worth improving for.With a soundtrack reminiscent of Blade Runner , and Visuals/story elements that remind me of Hayao Miyazaki.It feels new, and simultaneously makes me nostalgic.I've waited a lifetime for a game like this, so it's worth dying a few(thousand) times in game to experience it."
76561198075450893,Recommended,257850,22240716,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DaPuddinMan,PLEASE HELP!!!! game crashes at first screen won't start.
76561198004585788,Recommended,257850,22241913,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sparticusonfire,"I never thought pastel colors would be so inviting.Beautiful, atmospheric game, with a great sound track. As others have said, it blends elements of many other nostalgic games. It has open world action combat like zelda, pictographic conversations without text (I love this idea) like machinarium, and a mature anime feel to the story. Elements also remind me of phantasy star (except the combat style). Enjoy! I thought about being a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and waiting till it was on sale since I'm poor, but the other feed back and metascore of 85 drew me in. No regrets. Might be my favorite indie game of the year. Well done!"
76561197989961572,Recommended,257850,22243148,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,[Mumin] Glitch King,"Its an interesting game that takes place in a world that was clearly once beautful and pure, but a corruption took hold long ago and now you find yourself venturing through the world with a rather unclear goal in sight.The combat is a bit simplistic and never gets terribly complex, but with the game throwing intereting enemies and area's to fight in at you, it keeps it fresh. Add to that a strong soundtrack and a few devilishly hard bosses and you get a game that is hard to put down once you get into the swing of things."
76561198080662201,Recommended,257850,22243433,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,olenananas,"6 second unskippable death animation probably is around fourth of my play time, though."
76561198079152677,Recommended,257850,22228101,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Laura Palmer,"Absolutely gorgeous, deep and engaging combat.The bosses are hard, like really hard, but that's a plus for me. Your mileage may vary I suppose."
,Recommended,257850,22232362,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ravelord Nito,"Absolutely phenominal game.  Filled with challenging and fast-pace combat, an abundance of secrets, and beautiful scenery, coupled with an amazing soundtrack from Disasterpeace (FEZ, It Follows), Hyper Light Drifter could easily take my pick for Indie game of the year.  Definitely not a game for everyone though, as it is, like stated earlier, quite challenging, especially if you take on the daunting task of New Game+, which reduces your max health to 2 blocks instead of 5.  A great purchase if you enjoy difficult and satisfying gameplay, as well as an interesting story that makes you really think."
,Recommended,257850,22240527,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Renyth,"Worth surviving a heart attack for. Playing this is a nice breath of fresh air and deceptive in great ways regarding difficulty and adapting to the games world where language consists of a few murmers I'd make if I was sleeptalking. After playing this I want to play more.This is the opposite of heart failure it is heart uh... success, heart success yes.Play it."
,Recommended,257850,22243263,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,psybreeze,ץ๏קς๏๔๔๏ץς๏קץ є๏קtгкש๔lק๏ кรкlє๏lคק ๏lร๏קรאץאคק ๏๏קรאץ๏קץאק๏ร קtгкש๔lק รאץאค ץ๏קς๏๏ รкlє קรאץא אץ๏קץאק кש๔l ๔๔๏ץς гкש๔l קรאץאค ץ๏קς๏๔๔๏ץς๏קץ є๏קtгкש๔lק๏ кรкlє๏lคק ๏lร๏קรאץאคק ๏๏קรאץ๏קץאק๏ร קtгкש๔lק รאץאค ץ๏קς๏๏ รкlє קรאץא אץ๏קץאק кש๔l ๔๔๏ץς гкש๔l קรאץאคץ๏קς๏๔๔๏ץς๏קץ є๏קtгкש๔lק๏ кรкlє๏lคק ๏lร๏קรאץאคק ๏๏קรאץ๏קץאק๏ร קtгкש๔lק รאץאค ץ๏קς๏๏ รкlє קรאץא אץ๏קץאק кש๔l ๔๔๏ץς гкש๔l קรאץאคץ๏קς๏๔๔๏ץς๏קץ є๏קtгкש๔lק๏ кรкlє๏lคק ๏lร๏קรאץאคק ๏๏קรאץ๏קץאק๏ร קtгкש๔lק รאץאค ץ๏קς๏๏ รкlє קรאץא אץ๏קץאק кש๔l ๔๔๏ץς гкש๔l קรאץאคץ๏קς๏๔๔๏ץς๏קץ є๏קtгкש๔lק๏ кรкlє๏lคק ๏lร๏קรאץאคק ๏๏קรאץ๏קץאק๏ร קtгкש๔lק รאץאค ץ๏קς๏๏ รкlє קรאץא אץ๏קץאק кש๔l ๔๔๏ץς гкש๔l קรאץאคץ๏קς๏๔๔๏ץς๏קץ є๏קtгкש๔lק๏ кรкlє๏lคק
,Recommended,257850,22293080,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Bern the Witch,"I'm terrible at long reviews, so I'll keep this brief.Extremely well made pixelated Dark Souls style game that is EASILY worth $20.And don't tell me those elevators aren't a huge Metroid reference. That's definitely a Metroid reference, and I love it."
76561198122378940,Recommended,257850,22227306,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,OoTrillionoO,"It's difficult, but it doesn't feel overly annoying. Difficult feels like an understatement. This game is friggin hard."
76561197963908835,Recommended,257850,22232944,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Cronstintein,"This game is awesome as long as you like:+Challenging Combat+Poking in corners, looking for secrets (everywhere!)+Gorgeous pixel artWe don't get enough games like this.  Difficult, but in the right way, Hyperlight demands skill from the player without being cheap.  I do kind of wish there was an easy-mode because I'm sure there are players that will not be able to get through this.  But it's awesome.  I LOVE the artstyle, vibe, and feel of this game, I'm savouring every moment.  I hope it does well, we could do with more high-level indie games like this."
76561198031206505,Recommended,257850,22241043,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Yuuker,"9 / 10A truly deserved rating, this game is the destination in storytelling that so many other indie games have tried and failed to reach. With a fantastic and creative world to explore, difficult to master mechanics and an immersive soundscape, Hyper Light Drifter left me wanting more, but more than satisfied with what I got. Its cryptic hints at a background story and its beautiful art whet my appetite in a way no game has since The Legend of Zelda. A series based on this game could have the potential to become a major hit in the indie gaming world, and far beyond.We can only hope for a sequel."
,Recommended,257850,22242962,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,zzz,"Absolutely fantastic game with challenging fights and beautiful art.Don't by this game if you're a little crybaby who doesn't like being challenged, filthy casual!"
76561198125251014,Recommended,257850,22290044,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,LeChuck,"i was convinced by the many positive reviews about this game and i was not disappointed. the game looks beautiful, it has a fantastic, melancholic atmosphere and i can only repeat what others said, that the fighting is very hard but also very satisfying.i strongly recommend this game to anyone who likes this genre, it is definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,257850,22291773,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Turnip,"That feeling when beating some kid in a football minigame is more difficult than destroying the eldritch nightmares that haunt every second of your waking existence...Bloody hell the football minigame and the hyper-dash-challenge-thing are massive difficulty spikes. Whose idea was it to make you dash 800 times in a row? Sadistic. I got to six-hundred and something and buckled under the pressure and wrist strain. Why is the football kid such a prick? I'm supposed to be a hero or something, why do they want to hip-check me the second I get within a couple feet? Brutal.All right, that's all the salt out of me. This game may well be the first of any that I've seen on Steam, looked into a little, and then immediately bought without discussing it with friends. Haven't regretted that decision in the slightest (bar good-natured football kid hate). The game recommends you use a controller, but I recently switched over to using keyboard and mouse instead and I think I actually prefer it - if you want to use k&m, don't feel discouraged. Both options are definitely viable.Gameplay is fantastic; it has what I gather are Legend of Zelda and Souls Series vibes to it, with a few platformer elements thrown in. Exploration, combat and difficulty definitely seems reminiscent of the impression I got of Bloodborne, with the caveat that checkpoints for the most part seem a bit more frequent/forgiving.It can be a bit challenging to figure out what some things are supposed to do and what your objectives actually are, but considering the almost complete lack of text in the game it's probably pretty fantastic that a blind playthrough is even possible, which it very much is, even if the secrets are pretty easily missable. Luckily, most problems can be solved with the tried-and-tested ""go wherever you haven't been yet and interact with whatever looks important"" method.It's good. Well worth the £15. Would recommend."
,Recommended,257850,22292612,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Semicolon42,"Reminds me of Zelda / Dark Souls.  Simple, fast-but-deliberate combat.  Interesting, mysterious, nordic ambience.  Overall fun game!Actually, I decided to buy this game after listening to Teddy Dief's podcast, Playscape Los Angeles.  I wanted to see what kind of work the host gets himself into, and I've really enjoyed it!  keep up the good podcasting and game developing!"
76561198289164442,Recommended,257850,22227578,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Wizwry,"This game is like a 2d darksouls, it has just the right amount of challenge but it is not the kind of challenge that makes you rage. you have to remember what each enemy does and how to beat them, the enemys are all unique and intresting. plus the game looks and sounds amazing."
,Recommended,257850,25734267,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,DystopiaGuy,"Absolutely fantastic game, I've played it through multiple times."
,Recommended,257850,22228337,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,RocksGt,ZOTY (Zelda of the year)
76561198170726890,Recommended,257850,22227680,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,The Giggler,"Hyper Light Drifter is a game with a beautiful environment, challenging levels and a fantastic soundtrack. While you will struggle a lot the payout when finally defeating that one boss or completing that annoying area is just so great words cannot describe the feeling. 10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,257850,22233739,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,kawaiiwizard3000,"hyper light drifter is like a beautiful pixilated dark souls with great music. I  highly recommend it, just be ready for a lot of salt !!!"
76561197990838402,Recommended,257850,22234005,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Thealus,"Possibly one of the most beautiful pixel art games I have played.Absolutely stunning art style, beautiful score, and super fun, but punishing (and therefore fun) twitchy combat reminiscent of old school action games.Not too long but definitely worth the price :D"
76561197964445073,Recommended,257850,22291197,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Roof Monster,"With top down gameplay inspired by zelda with a dash of unforgiving fast paced combat, HLD was worth the price of admission. The music atmosphere and animations make enemies and the main character a pleasure to watch as they attempt to dismantle eachother. The game is also dense with secrets, with unfortunately some boiling down to running against walls and leaps of faith.I would wadger that a casual play through might clock in at 7-8 hours, depending on how many upgrades your willing to search high and low to finance. Almost all important additions to your abilities are bought from trainers, with the exception of guns that mostly lie behind the games major boss fights. Some are more useful then others: the chain dash is extremely important but upgrading your pistol clip or learning the slash into dash can wait.There are issues: frame rate can make executing some of your moves difficult. Your character will sometimes drop dashes when chaining them and there's not much to do, and it gets annoying trying to execute a 7+ chain dash required to clear some of the more difficult puzzels and your imput dropping or your character skidding to his certain death. The secrets in some areas are well marked, but those same markers in the same broad area might just be junk on the floor. It is compounded partially by the style of graphics: the charming pixels with tons of doo-dads on the walls and floor mean that it looks like everything might have a switch or passage behind it.You can't track where you've found things aside from the games diamond shards (which act as keys for progression) so you might wander an area for hours trying to find elusive secret collectables only to learn apon consulting a map that you've already cleaned it out long ago. Most of the rewards as you move to full collections tend to be minor: there are outfits that have different effects on them of varying use (some are quite subtle) but the most powerful effects they have are generally obtained past when they mattered anyway.That being said there's a lot of fun to be had exploring and buying upgrades and fighting some very intense ambushes and bosses in the grim but very colorful ruins of hyper light drifter."
76561198268027781,Recommended,257850,22292097,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,not your real dad,"Not for the impatient, but utterly beautiful nonethelessI am, due to current financial constraints, not accustomed to buying games outright, especially not at full price. But I had anticipated Hyper Light Drifter for a few months simply going off the trailer, and incredibly, it actually fully held up to my internal hype. The world is absolutely gorgeous, from the central hub to the various worlds to the north, east, etc. Each area has something unique to offer visually and strategically, and while itcanbe fairly linear in it's pathing to objectives, it also rewards the player that decides to explore, and solve the various puzzles hidden throughout the levels. As for the combat, I'd liken it to that of Bloodborne, oddly enough. You will come to areas where there are several enemies, all of which are stronger than you, and your only advantage over them is their specific attack pattern that you need to learn and counter. You will die. A lot. But as you progress, you will unlock new abilities and hone your reflexes, to the point where things that seemed impossible will be laughable. And holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ is it ever satisfying when you finally clear an area you've been working on for the better part of an hour.In conclusion, if you like beautiful, meticulously designed worlds with a diverse array of enemies and plenty of hidden passages to explore, you'll love Hyper Light Drifter. Personally, it was worth every penny."
,Recommended,257850,22292601,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Rubks,"I don't really write reviews often.. blah blah, you all know the rest.I'm going to be quick and honest with this, the game is nowhere near being for everyone. If you're into actually having to think before each fight and adapt during them, then just go and buy the damn game already, you'll most likely enjoy it. Now if you're the kind of filthy casul who will most often get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with the game for dying repeatedly (and there's nothing wrong with that.), then the game is probably not for you.Also, don't expect to buy the game and immerse yourself into some extraordinarily deep story, since you'll probably understand almost nothing on your first playthrough."
,Recommended,257850,22293019,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Jericho,"This game is absolutely incredible. The combination of a beautiful landscape, secret pathways hidden literally EVERYWHERE, and challenging bosses that sometimes border on absurd is a great mix. The ""story"" so to speak is very linear, and to be honest, hard to understand due to the lack of any actual text in game. But this doesn't detract from the game. If anything, it adds to it, because rather than being invested in certain characters and hoping for certain outcomes, it just becomes an endless battle for survival. This game requires good timing, you must learn the enemies attack patterns, and develop your own methods for dodging/ignoring them.That being said, I have one MAJOR complaint, and it relates to the final boss. One of the bosses attacks shoots out from the front of their face, and can literally one shot you if you are in the center of it. But that's not the issue. The issue with this attack is that if you are standing directly behind the boss, which is the ideal place (pretty much the ONLY place) to deal damage during this move, the attack can still hit you, ending what would have otherwise been a perfect attempt at it. Considering that during this attack is the only time you can deal 6 damage to the boss from melee range in one go, this seems like a large issue, as I have had many attempts where I got the boss below 6 health, only to die while standing completely on the opposite side of the boss when it attacks."
,Recommended,257850,22227676,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,eaglelord200,"Hyper Light Drifter is an amazing game that I would recommend to any ""Find all the secrets"" gamer. There are tons of secret areas and rooms that you need to find to get to unlock upgrades (otherwise you would have a lot of difficulty fighting the bosses). The difficulty bar is set at a moderate height, the game's difficulty is hard enough, but the game itself is generous as it gives you everything you need to not die. The multiple deaths on boss fights can get frustrating, but it doesn't take awy from the game. As for the story, it's only really explained with pictures, which is okay for me, and is quite original. The game doesn't guide you, so you have to figure out a lot of things on your own. I love the pixel art style and soundtrack. It's definitely worth a try, and without question a game to have had the priviledge of playing.I rate HLD solid 9/11"
,Recommended,257850,22228264,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ezbot,Perfect. 10/10 Would drift again.
,Recommended,257850,22231799,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Xaelon,"Note:  I have not played this with a keyboard and mouse.  Runs REALLY well on a 360 Controller.I really like this game.  It's been a long time since I ran into a game that grabbed me like this one has.  The entire overworld is super mysterious.  Combat is fast, tight and challenging.  The gameplay deftly balances exploration and combat.  The game reminds me of Ys and Dark Souls and has difficulty to match.  It has that 'HARD but fair' balance that keeps you coming back for one more try and once you finish that section or finally kill that boss, success is sweet.  Really satisfying.  Rounding out the package is the art and music.  Both of which ooze style and atmosphere.  The backgrounds and environments that you traverse are gorgeous.  Not much else to say really.  TLDR: Looks great, sounds great, plays awesome.  Buy the game already."
,Recommended,257850,22241394,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Meat Cream,"Some may not like this game, but that is just because they are bad at it.There are many positives to this game starting with the amazing music and beautiful artwork in it. The gameplay is something most hack and slash games desire. It is tough which makes you try and try again, learn your weaknesses and learn your enemies. If you loved all the old Nintendo games like Metroid and Zelda this game is just right for you."
76561197970483786,Recommended,257850,22290053,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Spang,I have such hype love for Hyper Love Drifter.Best. Love. Ever.
,Recommended,257850,22290679,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Nefilim,Great game though frustrating at times. Amazing pixel art that lets you forgive it when it betrays you by hiding ledges that are invisible because of the 2D perspective. The sound track is simple but resonates perfectly with the rest of the game.The combat is very satisfying but it expects precise input which can be frustrating against some of the bosses since you can't take many hits. The battles with the smaller enemies are where it shines as you dash in between enemies and projectiles to drive home killing blows.
,Recommended,257850,23996826,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,mynamechilly,good artgood soundgood gamegood life
,Recommended,257850,25963108,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,depression,"Such an amazing game with great visuals and smooth animation. Would very much reccommend, loved the story and it has a very unique game play."
,Recommended,257850,28141052,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,FielIV,"This is a game.A game that feels like a game, it's difficult, surprising and just fun to play.Games like these motivate.Great music and level design. Definitly worth the money.I spent some good hours with it! :)"
,Recommended,257850,28134715,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,WastedMeerkat,"Basically FEZ + Dark Souls with an overhead view, gorgeous pixel art, amazing music by Disasterpeace, great atmosphere, fun combat and a unique movement mechanic that really enhances said combat. Absolute must-buy."
,Recommended,257850,28134874,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,1-800-The-General,"you could say it reminds you of dark souls or zelda all you want but this game's abstract story telling, great combat mechanics, and music will make you feel something that you can't get in either of those games.  Probably my favorite game of 2016 so far."
,Recommended,257850,32756868,Posted: 24 June,all,Zataru,"7.5/10I like what I see at the Moment. The Combat is elegant and fast. Diffuclty punishing but fair. Good Sountrack, great Pixel Art (such as Dead Cells) & Zelda Elements make this a must buy."
,Recommended,257850,28138726,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Rusc,"If this game looks like one you would enjoy eathier for the story or game play then neather will disapoint, truly worth a play!"
,Recommended,257850,22231379,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Curp,This game is like Dark Souls and Hotline Miami had a baby and combined the difficulty into their child.
,Recommended,257850,22231607,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Nulious,The game stopped responding and then closed out whenever I opened it. I only said I recommend this game so people will look at this
,Recommended,257850,22233118,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,SirCreamy,"TLDR:bad: 6 hours to beat the game.good: fun 6 hoursIt's simply a fun game you zip around slashing and shooting enemies without any dialogue.The game excels with is music and art making otherwise boring scenes of walking through empty rooms an enjoyable experience.The combat is a skill to learn for sure which makes beating bosses and multiple enemy encounters feel rewarding.I'd like to see weapon and armor upgrades/more character building into more difficult encounters. More content. I beat the game in 6 hours with a lot of running around looking for the last triangle I couldn't find.My main complaint is the searching. If the game didn't have fantastic art and music, spending thirty minutes searching the edges of all the maps would have made me put this game down."
76561197988199794,Recommended,257850,22233662,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,niccobrik,"This game is absolutely astonishing.The graphic is stunning, really the best pixel art along with superborthers in the entire gaming industry in my opinion.The gameplay is a brick ton of fun: combine a zelda with the fast-action placed combat of a bloodborne. Simple in the appereance but very deep in actual gameplay, and really challenging. No explanation is giving to the players, the game does not hold you by hand but instead it says: ""yeah A is for this, B is for that, now go and play by yourself"", and is is effing awesom. There are elements from a megaman, zelda, really big focus on exploration rewarded not only by armors (with different effects), ""exp"", secret areas, monolith, but also with georgious place and details. You could finish the game pretty quickly (there is a new game plus with new features) but if you are the type of gamer that reserch every collectables and go for the 100% then you could easily reach the 10+ hours. Without a proper guide the game really incorage you to -think- on finding secret areas and keys.Really a must buy.Thanks to Alex Preston and his team to make this type of game in 2016, a time when games like this is more than ever needed."
76561198065153042,Recommended,257850,22241452,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Dunerune,THe wait I had for this game was worth it.
,Recommended,257850,22241886,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Friendly Humour,"Aesthetically gorgeous and awe inspiring, combat and story a mixture of Dark Souls and Legend of Zelda."
76561198055171374,Recommended,257850,22242201,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Fresh Hands,"Have been looking forward to this quite some time, unfortunately it didn't blow my mind like I hoped it would. Gorgeous and fun little game though.Hoped this to be much larger and more complex. Like those early Nintendo action adventures with lots of different weapons and spells and whatnot. Devs seem to have aimed for some focused retro clone (which they definitely delivered on).If you are frustrated by the game's difficulty, you might try some upgrading first. After that the difficulty is just about right.+World. Swords, blasters, neon lit ruins. Sweet science/fantasy juice with some nice 70s flavour.+Pacing. Moments of calm bliss sliced by lightspeed conflict, everything spiced with some satisfying hunt for secrets.-Protagonist. Most NPCs look way cooler than me.-Size. Like fine cuisine there just isn't enough to fill an honest stomach."
76561198119455133,Recommended,257850,22242744,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,(Insert name here),"Hyper Light Drifter is a very nice beautiful and somewhat challenging hack n slash pixelart game with sooooo much thrown away potential .... don't get me wrong the game is very good but it could be better!like for example you see those giants in the opening scene though your playthrough you see some dead bodys of them but you sadly never get to fight one ;(the game is quite short within 7 - 10 hours of  gameplay and exploration i found many secrets but not all some are well hidden but some are just too obvious!as mentioned early the game is ""somewhat"" challenging the combat is quite punishing but with a bit experience you can get out of the battle alive easythe upgrades you get are nice to have but some seem to overpowered (yes i mean the dash that absorbs bullets)the enemys are different from every of the four ""stages"" from frog ninjas to bird magesOVERALL: a very nice game with too little content i'd love to see more of it in a sequel or something .... if you like hack n slay get it but if you think 7 - 10 hours of gaming is too little for 20€ get it in a sale"
,Recommended,257850,22243658,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,mightygunfrog,"Fun beautiful and challenging, I have never wanted a game to take my money faster than this."
,Recommended,257850,22290289,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,GrammarJack,"A difficult yet gorgeous world to explore. I once spent 2 hours trying to find a way to open a locked door (still haven't). The dashing mechanic allows for some interesting swordplay, and the bosses are frustratingly, yet enjoyably difficult. Overall the game allows for some great sword maneuvers and amazing exploration; my only complaint would be the underexplained story, which often left me confused. An unlocked FPS would be nice as well.EDIT: The creators of the game have unlocked the framerate, glorious 60 FPS!"
76561198277204206,Recommended,257850,22291916,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Emperor_Makis,"Look at all these reviews comparing the game to ""Dark souls"" HA no no no... Ive PLAYED dark souls... And let me tell you this game is 10 TIMES HARDER!Dies by first thing that movesKills it after learning controlsFights plant monsterFights anotherThen anotherTHEN ANOTHERDEAR GODThey NEVER STOP GODDAMITDo they even stop coming? I can barely kill ONE without losing all my health. So listen here... If you came to this game for pretty visuals LEAVE because you wont LIVE to see them.10/10 Would die again"
76561198094712533,Recommended,257850,22292863,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,hrobohboy,"So I almost never write reviews for games, but this game is something different.At first, after reading some reviews, I thought that it might be too difficult. It was. After dying at least 100 if not more times I had finally finished the game and it was so worth it. If you think that this game isn't for you because you hear its difficult, get it anyways. The feeling of defeating a boss or just even clearing some of the areas before the boss fight is so rewarding.All in all, this game, coupled with beautiful pixelated scenery, an amazing soundtrack, and challenging yet rewarding gameplay makes Hyper Light Drifter easily one of the best games I've played in a long time.TL:DR: Go buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game its amazing and you need it in your life now! I give it a 100,000/10."
,Recommended,257850,22293082,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,pickle rick,"The thing that got me interested in this game was the trailer. The soundscape was breathtaking with strong Blade Runner undertones. I picked up the game and started playing, revelling in the mystery and atmosphere -- until I got to the village with the shops and upgrades. What a way to break immersion! I wish the devs had thought up a different mechanic for doing these kinds of character modifications in the game.Besides that, the game is obviously great."
76561198044943297,Recommended,257850,22293153,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Phil,"Like if Fez and Zelda has a baby. Good combat/ asthetics/ level design. Could do with being a bit longer, or maybe I just enjoyed it too much!"
,Recommended,257850,22294526,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,smokauweeds,Solid!looks goodplays welllots of hidden stufftough...but can maybe be repetitive.(when going back to look for stuff)
76561198079505751,Recommended,257850,24031095,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,FINNIGANX,"Bought this game when it was on sale, loved it so so so much, bosses were very challenging yet not impossible. Pixel art is my favorite to this day, I feel the devs in one way were inspired by Fez, the game gave me that vibe. I don't agree with the price tag, but it is worth every penny I spent. At moments gameplay may feel repetitive but the game always somehow keeps me sucked in. Btw, I have more hours played, just offline."
76561198319165242,Recommended,257850,35417025,Posted: 2 October,all,neverlasting,this game is the♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,257850,35439673,Posted: 3 October,all,˙ ͜ʟ˙,"A very rich game with an amazing soundtrack that chills you to the bone in a good way. Looks amazing and tells it story visually very well, if you aren't meant to know something that is intentional, the feel of curiosity is entwined within the clear goal you have.9/10my only issue is replayability but this game will stick with me for years to come."
,Recommended,257850,27341067,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ecouto,Love the music and the art and everything nngggg
76561197987831984,Recommended,257850,22207093,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Max Damage,Best for gamepad. Everything is hand made. Several unique bosses and lots of unique monsters. Good fighting mechanics.
76561198000352100,Not Recommended,257850,32782486,Posted: 25 June,all,grobda,"This is what you get if you cross Fez with Dark Souls, but lack the finese of either.For me the combat is repetetive, poorly paced and lazily implemented. It's a case of learning enemy attacks then learning where the next enemy/enemies is going to teleport in, and/or what walls are going to appear/disappear. Save points are pretty random, certain chunks are very easy and short, others tediously long. Hit detection seems a bit iffy. The decision to make aiming your gun root you to the spot when its designed for a twin stick controller was pretty infuriating, especially whne the second thumbstick isn't used. Ammo replenishment via killing scenery isn't very satisfying. Plenty of hidden walls mean you spend a lot of time just pushing every screen border just in case.Really wanted to like it, thought I did for about an hour, then realised i didn't."
,Not Recommended,257850,32825048,Posted: 26 June,all,HELIOCENTRIC DEMISE,"TL;DR - Hyper Light Drifter is like watching Evangelion muted and with no subtitles.It's very easy to look at Hyper Light Drifter and think ""Man, what an awesome game!"". It's a gorgeous game on the surface, with vibrant colors and beautiful animations. However at the core of the game, beautiful graphics, okay combat, anticlimactic boss fights, and mediocre exploration make for a product that is substantially less than the sum of its parts.A major gripe I have with HLD is that other than a few tutorial messages and the main menu, the game is totally devoid of written text. Every character with which you can interact communicates with you via images. In some circumstances, this system works efficiently. With upgrade vendors, it's easy enough to understand via images that one upgrade lets you dash more, one upgrade lets you charge up a powerful sword swing, etc. etc. But with regards to story, allowing characters only to communicate via pictures did not create a world of mystery and grandeur as I feel the devs had intended. Instead, it left me feeling detached from the world, the story, and the main character (who, despite his silent demeanor, I was beginning to like).The game opens with a cutscene in which some sort of cataclysm throws the world into ruin. Our protagonist, struggling against the forces of darkness, confronts a small army of titanic creatures who are suddenly stripped of their life and thrown about the map, presumably by the aforementioned cataclysm. Setting off to restore the world to its former state, our hero sets off on a journey. At least I think so. That's my best guess in lieu of an actual explanation.The combat in HLD seems to require a sense of timing from the player in order to function smoothly. The player can purchase an upgrade allowing consecutive dashes as opposed to one single dash, which must be stringed together with rhythm. Based on my playtime (I beat the game like 20 minutes ago at the time of writing this) it seems that sword swings after dashes must also be timed to some degree. Whether this aspect is intended, side effects of careless game development, or completely made up in my head, it can either be very rewarding or very frustrating depending on the type of player you are. Additionally, from start to finish (barring any deaths), boss fights in Hyper Light Drifter seem to take about 45 seconds to a minute and a half. I was sad to see such underwhelming boss fights, as this game has enormous potential for very good ones.Despite calling it mediocre earlier, I have very little to say about navigating the game's areas. For me, the in-game map functioned as more of a loose guideline than an essential tool. Were it not for the objective markers as well as needing the map to teleport, I likely wouldn't have used it at all.There are many hidden objectives within the game, though I will admit that I uncovered few of them. Perfectionist players are likely to have a field day exploring all the hidden content.Overall, Hyper Light Drifter is a decent title that is as easy to overestimate as it is difficult to enjoy."
,Not Recommended,257850,30805793,Posted: 28 March,all,Materia,"I found it frustrating and annoying.  I don't enjoy wall humping trying to find tokens to buy upgrades but I'm really not that good at this stuff.  I found the combat was very rythmic and repetative with almost no room for personal preference but I'm pretty bad at that too, being colorblind makes it really difficult in certain rooms.  The map was a nice touch, i enjoyed that it showed you everything and exactly how to get there and you needed minimal cranial capacity to find things.  first night playing it, two bosses down.  dunno if I'd play it again over other games.  What's up with this tap spacebar 800 times achievement?"
76561198000698735,Not Recommended,257850,27768048,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Last Knight Down,"I'm not saying I didn't enjoy this game at all, but there's some issues with the gameplay that cripple what could have otherwise been a modern masterpiece. I'm going to outline a few of those problems here so you can decide if you want to purchase the game or wait for a sequel.One, the pace of combat is frantic and clunky. Your dash doubles as your dodge maneuver but it pretty much always puts you so far away you can't retaliate. When it doesn't, you still get hit so then dodging was useless. Enemies that keep up with you make it where you have to completely dodge out of the way of all of them to try to recover and get some hits in. Doing more than 3 dashes in a row causes you to spin out and do nothing or bonk against a wall, then get hit by the enemies you were trying to avoid. Your attacks only cause a few enemies to recoil and you have to learn by trial and error which ones those are. Not to mention, enemies are attacking pretty much constantly but you have to tap your dashes in such a way that the rhythm causes your first two dashes to be slow, which can make dashing multiple times inherently useless in certain situations anyways. There's almost never a good break to use your very slow heal unless you back completely away from everything. Midway through the game there are just too many enemies, and the developers knew this: That's why they made it where when you die, you respawn at an unseen checkpoint, usually the same room you just died in, with all the ammo and healing slots you had on you when you triggered it. If they knew the game was this hard, they should have reworked some of the movement or the enemies, or something to make the game generally less of a non-stop trial.Two, bosses are unimaginative. This is kind of mind-boggling, considering how amazing the aesthetics of this game are and the premise, the environments, all of that. This game is beautiful but the boss fights are not designed to be interesting. One of the easiest bosses you can get to, and will probably find first, summons additional monsters. This is pretty much a boss design crime. The boss itself has incredibly good tracking and attacks constantly, so you never have time to breathe or punish him except for a split second right at the beginning of his attack cycle, or while he's still attacking you at range. The pace is just way too hectic and doesn't let you learn anything except that you need to brute force the fight by dodging and attacking with no breaks or pauses. It's almost like playing a side-scrolling beat-'em-up instead of an adventure game.Three, there's a huge missed opportunity with the music. Yes, the soundtrack and the environmental themes are *astounding* and pick up at just the right times to capture your imagination. But at the same time, you walk into a fast-paced beat-'em-up style boss fight like this and you get the same music (or same kind of music) you got exploring only swelling a bit. It stops sounding eerie and mysterious and just sounds drab and lazy for a boss. This game has some really epic story telling moments outside of boss fights. It could have had just as good moments where the music would switch to something frantic and berserk that fits the pace of the boss battle. It could have also had a little more ceremony surrounding this like other cut scenes do.Four, the vast majority of the upgrades in this game are straight up garbage. I can think of 5 of them I would change or remove completely. I spent my hard earned hyperbucks on some new dashing abilities only to find out they are hard to trigger and don't really do much of anything. One of them was that chain dash that I described earlier as being pretty much useless except for a very limited number of circumstances. It can take you upwards of 30 minutes to an hour to get enough money to buy an upgrade but getting that upgrade very often does little to nothing for you. There's two defensive upgrades that are obviously superior to everything else, and after that all you really need is to buy more charge slots for your healing tool. Moreover, you can get costume items but they have a very minimal effect on your character, none of which is explained, the cosmetic differences of which are pretty limited. This means customization of your character is virtually nonexistent. In a game this aesthetically pleasing and interesting, this is a little disappointing.Overall I'd give Hyper Light Drifter a 6 out of 10. There is some *amazing* artwork and incredible ideas here, they're just not accompanied by rewarding gameplay."
,Not Recommended,257850,22387343,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Hateburn,"Every review that says this game requires patience and skill to enjoy this game is correct. I love this game, but I'd rather watch someone play it perfectly than go through this myself. It's a hassle and a chore. I can't recommend playing it unless you're a god."
,Not Recommended,257850,33409675,Posted: 9 July,all,Dagrabbit,"Hyper Light Drifter is a very fun game that suffers from a dramatic difficulty spike when you hit one of the bosses.  If that sort of challenge is up your alley, Hyper Light Drifter has a lot going for it.  For me, I dreaded having to fight the bosses, even on the easiest difficulty level.  If the bosses had been more in line with the difficulty of the rest of the game, this would be an easy recommendation.  The graphics are well done, the controls are tight and responsive, and exploring the world carries a lot of weight and mystery to it.  If you're adverse to hitting a sudden wall to bang your head against though, I'd skip this."
,Not Recommended,257850,34474811,Posted: 24 August,all,Dravvad,"I am sadly not with the majority of people who seem to love this game. I have been interested in it for a long while, and I enjoy these exploration style games in general. I have played many of them with different gameplay styles, with some similar examples like Dark Souls 1 & 2 and Hollow Knight. For those 3 examples, I got 100% in all of them and loved pretty much every moment of playing them, even when they frustrated me.Hyper Light Drifter, however, does not give me any drive to keep playing. I have made it past the first boss (west of the main area), bought a couple of upgrades, and found some of the collectible items for exploration. And now that I've spent a few hours and gotten maybe 1/4 of the way through the game (not counting completion of the hidden items), I would say that I will not keep playing.My biggest pain with the game overall is the gameplay: primarily the upgrades, the exploration itself (which is hurt by the bad map and pixel art), and some of the controls. I do not think there is anything impressive in the gameplay, and it also grows very slowly. You are stuck with a generic blade, a rather poor dash ability, and a gun, and then you get blasted with lots of enemies way faster than you. Note that I did not stop playing because of the difficulty. That premise is not exactly something new, as Dark Souls and Hollow Knight both have varying levels of that challenge.But when it comes to progression, the game just stalls you as much as possible. The only way to go any further in the gameplay is to get a new gun in the story, or to find a bunch of the hidden items in order to buy upgrades from a shop. And in fact, the majority of the hidden items are absolutely silly to find, even when you get them placed on the game's map. Oh, and the map is actually horrendous and does not tell you where you are at all. I found hidden areas where it would just show you in a bunch of trees on a map, and then you walk through a doorway and end up halfway across the area's map somehow. The game should have more of a map mechanic like Hollow Knight. In that game, you obviously don't learn everything right away, but the map is very well-made and it updates as you find your way through areas, showing exactly what rooms connect to others as you find out.Further, finding most of the hidden areas is actually equivalent to looking for some hidden width of ~2 pixels behind some obstacles. Many of the hidden paths do not show even the slightest hint, so there are places where you simply walk along a border over and over, hoping to find something. There was a spot where I found a doorway behind a tree, but it took me over 1 minute for the character to actually get through the doorway because it was clipping on something the whole time. That happened for many of the secret paths that I found.Once you finally get enough for upgrades, you have a few options, but none are really that amazing. I was hoping that the best right away would be the fast dash, where it said double-tapping would cause the hero to dash in faster chains than the slow dash you have at the beginning. In fact, this turned out to be really disappointing as well.The controls require some near-perfect timing of a button press for that ability to even work. It is almost like the controls are glitching, maybe, because it seems like it is less than a tenth of a second that the game accepts the fast dash. If you do not double-tap at some exact moment, then the character simply stops dashing. I tried getting through a section where rows of crystal spikes come up and you absolutely need that fast dash to get through. Instead, the game ignored me many times and he would just stop after one dash, and would get hit by a spike, fall into another spike, and then fall into yet another spike, and then die.(Note: I even gave this game a second try after first writing the review, and the dashing mechanic still got me angry when I got to a place where it was nothing but fire traps you have to dash over consistently. The mechanic is just horrible, and it seems so divisive because there's a bunch of people who claim it is fine and a bunch of people who think it is one of the worst mechanics ever.)During my whole time so far, I never really felt excited that I was playing the game. I didn't feel any accomplishment once I finally won against the boss, and that is also why I decided to just stop. If I am not having any fun or excitement, why am I playing?For the other aspects of the game: The pixel art itself is pretty nice, though has some flaws in certain areas with merging colors. The sound is very nice. And the story, well... I have no idea because it is more confusing than Dark Souls or Hollow Knight, and I did not get that far.But the way you play the game, and the way it slowly progresses for the gameplay, is just poor for my standards. The other example games allow you to vary things up as you play, because you consistently unlock things as you go. While this game allows you to unlock new gameplay aspects, most of them are not that impressive, and as said earlier, require a lot of poor work to find hidden items, which end up being more of a pain than anything fun. I have never disliked searching for items more than I have for this game.I wish the developers had added way more to the gameplay than what exists here, especially improving the exploration, because as it is now, I find it generic and boring."
,Recommended,257850,22188132,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,v a p o r t r a p,a
,Recommended,257850,22159148,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,.vu,"Just beat the first boss, here's my impression so far.Why I am already a fanboi.Hyper Light Drifter plays like the old Zelda games. The world is designed similiarly to how I remember the Megaman Legends games. The way the story and world is presented however reminds me of Dark Souls.To put simply, the game is very strange and mysterious, not really explaining to you what the protagonist's goal or purpose is. You are simply given a weapon and a healing item, and there you go, have at it. Very much like Dark Souls. The lore and the world itself reminds me much more of Megaman Legends however, aka ruins full with sci-fi artifacts.The gameplay is pretty much the later 2D Zelda games (think Minish Cap and similiar) but on Steroids, aka the fights get very fast and overwhelming very quickly. This however makes every victory ever so satisfying. The only real difference I noticed in terms of combat is that it feels more weighty than Zelda and can be compared more to Dark Souls, aka if you find yourself stuck in an attack animation and the enemy is about to hit you, you are most likely gonna have to eat that hit.The music is a matter of taste, personally I feel like it does a great job of emphasizing the atmosphere of exploring the unknown, without really knowing why. It can get a little bit too intense in certain scenes though, where the volume just goes crazy (I am pretty sure this is intentional, lol).And now the badThere are no rebindable controls for controllers in this game. While I didn't really have an issue with the default layout, people who wish to customize their controls to their own tastes are out of luck, unless you are planning to play with keyboard and mouse, which are rebindable as far as I could see (I didn't try the KB+M controls).The biggest issue however, and this was discussed alot on the community hub before the game released as well, is theframerate. Without a doubt, the decision to lock a game this fast to 30 FPS was not benificial to the gameplay at all. Half of the time I die, I literally blame it on the fact that I could have reacted faster to the crazy amount of bullets and enemies flying at me if the game rendered more frames.Is it playable at 30 FPS? Yes, without a doubt you can enjoy the game at 30 FPS, but at the same time it would have been better for it to be at 60. Overall, it's more of an annoyance than a gamebreaking issue, so whether or not you feel comfortable with it, is up to you.ConclusionDo I recommend this game? Oh hell yes, I do. The gameplay is stellar, the world feels compeling to explore and there are a lot of secrets hidden around. Though I would most likely have enjoyed it even more with a higher framerate, the 30 FPS lock is not stopping me from enjoying the game, at least so far.So if you'll excuse me, I got more bullets to dodge and more pits to fall into."
76561198005622164,Not Recommended,257850,33864967,Posted: 28 July,all,Eshajori,"Despite its amazing soundtrack, art, atmosphere, and the best pixel animation/cinematics I've ever seen... this game is just too short and clunky for the $20 price-tag. I loved the unique no-dailog storytelling but there just isn't enough of it to produce anything interesting, which was a dissapointment. Without multiple endings or additional story, there's no real motivation to search out every nook and cranny for secrets since the bosses are easily defeated without them.After I beat the game I dove into the wiki hoping for something more, but that something didn't exist. I know a pixel game of this scope took a tremendous amount of time and effort to produce, but as-is I wouldn't reccomend buying it for more than $5."
,Not Recommended,257850,24221863,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Quantitative Easing,"PROSgood music, atmosphere,  etc.fun combat, addictive dash systemchallenging puzzlesshop and upgrade systemgood bossesCONSway too shortchallenging fights are few and far betweenclunky aiming systemNot enough content to justify the price.  Promising gameplay, but the game feels unfinished.  Don't buy unless it's on sale."
76561197960270261,Not Recommended,257850,22947900,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,flintknapper,I like this game a lot... but they keep updating it and changing fundamental things about progression. I used to get all my health packs refilled if i lost a boss fight. Now I have to go back and collect them? Naw.
,Not Recommended,257850,33646843,Posted: 19 July,all,Jack Ramell,"For such a beautiful game, it feels like the way forward is purposefully obfuscated. When in the West, I had to look up a playthrough because I didn't realize there was a path in a place I had cleared, because it was covered by trees. 1 of my 4 hours so far have been stuck in this kind of situations. It's a gorgeous place to explore, but I don't know how much longer I'll be willing to put up with this stuff."
,Not Recommended,257850,24069604,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Doctor Futurity,"Interesting game but you need to be in to this particular genre of gameplay (sort of a classic Zelda 2D style, I guess, with retro-styled graphics). The ambiance is good, and the potential is there, but it was just a difficult experience for me to care about...repetitive and simple gameplay, some interesting puzzles but honestly, I was never in to the genre/style of this game so it just fell flat for me."
76561197993158893,Not Recommended,257850,33971122,Posted: 2 August,all,D1rty Sanchez,"High challenge, little reward.Really wanted to like this game, decent art direction & fresh settingIt's listed as ""Action Adventure RPG"", while the action is highly challenging, it was severly lacking in the adventure & RPG departments.As you explore and uncover coins, you unlock mediocre upgrades.You won't find different weapons/armor here, nor character customization of any sort.The outfits offer slight bonuses, but again nothing to write home about.Poor story tellingWith such poor rewards, was hoping to at least be motivated by some sort of narrative.Sadly it was very weak, shrouded by obscurity, there was no obvious motivation that propels the player.Apparently the game has an encoded language, but with no means of translation ingame, the only way is going to wikis online, that is a design flaw.Tedious secretsOn top of that there are 3 collectables (modules, keys, monuments).Unfortunately about 1/3 seems to be laid out with no clues whatsoever which mean you literally have to walk into every wall and ledge slowly in case there's a trigger hidden.And did I mention the rewards are so poor? then why even bother?(Just checked what collecting everythign gives you ...an extra health pointhahaha that is truly pathetic, so glad I didn't waste my time)What they could have done betterInstead of expensive scope, here are simple tweaks which would have fixed this game:• Slowly translate game's language glyphs as monuments are uncovered.• Outfits effects buffed to match the time taken to find them (e.g. bigger sword, etc ..)• About 1/3 of secrets need to be easier to find (no more pixel size interaction space)ConclusionI've reached the final boss, missing only few modules/keys, but lost incentive to continue.Played for 20 hours expecting something that never came, and the only reward I got was realizing I should stop wasting my time on this game."
,Not Recommended,257850,22251059,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,PurpleXVI,"Probably one of the indie games that people have been the hypest for, for the longest. Every single trailer we saw for HLD was atmospheric as hell. It looked gorgeous, it sounded gorgeous, it seemed to play gorgeous.It's a shame they should've probably called it Overhyped Light Drifter instead.It's not a fundamentally bad formula, but it's poorly executed. The almost-complete absence of words is great... if the game is entirely intuitive, which it isn't. The basic combat is a fine idea... if the controls aren't crap(seriously, the pistol mechanics? Why? Just why. Spiral Knights did basically the same controls, better, with mouse-and-keyboard, years ago. And that's a free-to-play game, the bottom of the barrel.). An absence of invincibility frames means that combat usually means one hit leads to a stunlock and you getting piled down to zero health. Enemies usually aren't challenging, they're just tedious, requiring you to do the same thing over and over again to kill them. And a dozen other small issues, wnone of which kill the game by themselves, but all of which, together, make it pretty unfun.I could have forgiven most of this and done my best to enjoy the game, though, if not for the checkpoints.Who ever thought it was a good idea to not put checkpoints in between instadeath traps? Or in between a tedious fight and an instadeath trap? I don't mind having to take a few tries and a bit of brainpower to get through a trap that can squish me in one go, but if you want to take that tack, please, don't make me have to redo OTHER parts every time I get squished, too.And if you're going to require me to backtrack to doors that open up as I progress in other areas of the game... for God's sake don't have respawning enemies.I really can't recommend that anyone buy this at all, barring some patch that really and truly overhauls the game.It does really look and sound as nice as it did in the trailer, though, so I'd suggest waiting for some very patient LP'er to give it a spin, if you really have to see what they ended up making."
76561198119826715,Not Recommended,257850,22330719,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Tntbag1,"Yes, this game has very nice visuals and music but, my mac made it virtually unplayable. On average it ran on 4-5 fps so if you have a mac don't buy this and if you use a windows i strongly suggest this. Lastly I know this is probably a technical issue with my computer but this hasn't happened with any other game and I checked my system info and I have met all the requirments so, I dont know whats wrong."
76561198043900180,Recommended,257850,25737496,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,GodDang,Game recieves my official sign of approval. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198106073037,Recommended,257850,22161123,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Pallegina Mes Rèi,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌th 👌 ere👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my selｆ 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠＯOOＯOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,257850,22159228,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Trystin,"This game is amazingly beautiful, so detailed and rich with a strong visual style. Its obvious how much care went into the making of this masterpeice. Probably one of my favorite indie games to date, 10/10."
76561198071830210,Recommended,257850,22158095,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,DJWaxyQTip,"Day one wireless controller issues. Those aside... It's Fez-meets-Zelda-meets-Titan Souls-meets-Transistor. Like any of these? You'll like this, more-than-likely. Plus... It's just so purty!"
,Recommended,257850,28652664,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BlueMassacre,"Hey, this game is moderatley ok, the soundtracks pretty good"
,Recommended,257850,23718747,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"I didn't enjoy this game enough to finish it, but I did enjoy it, and it was dirt cheap.Let's not pretend this is great or anything, though."
76561197994387254,Not Recommended,257850,22917064,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,danskuz,"it was a great game until it stop working,after i died in the north area the game is just showing black screen!but the real problem was the lack of support - after few weeks of waittiig for replays i gave up!"
76561198078787055,Not Recommended,257850,22310110,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,JohnRambo,"I love the art, it is hands down awesome. I do, however, feel that they should have kept it simple with the mouse pointer, it gets losts when you're battleing, and it is extremely annoying not knowing where the hell you're jumping. Very very very annoying."
,Recommended,257850,32668803,Posted: 23 June,all,m o o,Everything about this game grants me increased levels of moisture.
,Recommended,257850,23226741,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,qaasim,zelda on crack
,Recommended,257850,22162987,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Rasta-Eule,10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,257850,25793640,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Strongest Man In The World,"The Zelda game that PC gamers need, but do not deserve."
,Not Recommended,257850,22314370,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,sarethums,"Runs at 30fps, no way to run at 60, waste of time more so for the devs, id be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off if i worked on a game that couldnt even run smoothly. Wait until this is fixed before purchase."
,Not Recommended,257850,22349326,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Puppyluvv,"I want to enjoy this game, really, I do, but every single graphic shows up as a black square for me. Images, text... the game is unplayable. I don't know how this game got released in a state like this."
76561198150046652,Not Recommended,257850,22290799,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,josephdowd323,"I bought this game believing it to be a great game. I have been following the kickstarter indie for a while and was stocked when it was announced for mac. Sadly, though im still sure its a grand and amazing game, i was unable to play it effectivly on my mac. It was lagging so much i was unable to play it the way it was suppose to. So now im stuck trying to get a refund on a great game i will never beable to play. Be sure to check your video graphics level with your mac or youl be sad like me."
,Not Recommended,257850,22333709,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Vectrio,"Game is beautiful in still images, but 30 FPS-lock makes it nauseating to actually play."
,Recommended,257850,30797725,Posted: 28 March,all,eliza main,it's link to the past but with lasers
76561198038359795,Recommended,257850,25743910,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,d€LiRiuM,cute.
,Recommended,257850,30840186,Posted: 30 March,all,ShortAge,This game is trully a Masterpiece. The mechanics and the mysterious story added together with stunning visuals this game IS a masterpiece. It also has a +New Game for those who wants a more hardcore experience. Now that we know that Heart Machine will work under the superior Empire Square Enix i am intrigued to see their next tittle.(Or even better a sequel/expansion to this).Buy it without any hesitation. 10/10
76561198168702634,Recommended,257850,22425522,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,VeliMate,5/7
,Recommended,257850,25808783,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Zizpra,the bosses in this game are f*ckin g*y
,Recommended,257850,23984278,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Die Schelle,meh.
,Recommended,257850,24946730,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,jxk46,I played this game while talking to a girlthe last time I played it was when I was talking to hershe left me a while agoI found this game and remembered talking to herI criI'm 12
76561198201687279,Recommended,257850,22165224,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,CartOfSwine,"This is  KILLING  me right now. I have been looking forward to this game since I first saw it on kickstarter forever ago. I hyped all over the floor the second it appeared on steam. Bought it the first chance I had. Go to play it for the first time, the cool banner appears, and... ""Application has been blocked from acessing graphics hardware"". Game crashes. I have tried every fix in the book. Reinstalling my drivers, messing with my TdrDelay, changing the TdrLevel to 0, and every other thing imaginable. Nothing works. I am using an HP Envy (8G ram, 2G dedi graphics with an intel 4600) and I can run Space Engineers, Transistor, Borderlands 2, you name it, just fine. But i cant even get to the main menu without it crashing? halpUpdate*After a few hours of troubleshooting and spelunking through the forums, I found a solution. Turns out there is a config text file in the game directory. After making the necesary changes, it boots up just fine. Let me just take a moment to express how incredibly worth it the process was. The game is incredible. The visuals are striking, and the soundtrack is a perfect fit. I will heavily recomend that you use a controller. I tried playing it with a keyboard/mouse, and it was damn near impossible. Use my Ps4 controller however, and it was smooth sailing. (and by smooth sailing I mean bearably difficult)  A lot of people have been put off by the 30fps limit. It isnt noticable. As a matter of fact, I agree with the decision. This game is VERY timing sensitive. Having the fps a constant 30 makes sense. All in all, huge fan, very pleased with this product."
,Recommended,257850,30861237,Posted: 31 March,all,Qweras85,Hyper Light Drifter is Hyper Light Drifter. Enough said. 10/10
,Recommended,257850,24755133,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,tunit2000,"This is probably one of the best games that I have played. The scenery is amazing, the gameplay is smooth, the combat is balanced, the areas are diverse and unique, the enemies are appropriate for the area, the bosses and mini-bosses are memorable, the game is immersive, it is appropriately difficult, the list continues. 11/10 in all aspects. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone, as I already have."
,Recommended,257850,22464288,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Liam  ワリオ,"This game is very good when it comes to graphics and music. Although I find it very difficult to understand the story, and character development seems very poor. I get the fact that this game wasnt supposed to include words but it wasnt executed well. But the gameplay is exciting and spectacular for 30 FPS. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,257850,25787458,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,doomSday,"This is definitely one of my favorite games of 2016.Upon first glance, the game has a minimalistic yet beautiful pixelated art style that's well complimented by it's high contrast, neon-esque color scheme that helps bring a weird, alien atmosphere to the game world. The soundtrack, also atmospheric, is heavy on synths and filters that could very well be a moody take of John Carpenter's pieces. These two aspects together helps bring this torn and twisted world to life.The game starts with a short cutscene with your character, The Drifter, as he watches his world crumble around him, and collapses during a struggle against a tentacled being. The Drifter is rescued by a mysterious man in plated armor and taken to a house in a village. The Drifter wakes up, and then he's on his own.The game is definitely inspired by the likes of The Legend of Zelda and Dark Souls, seeming to be a mix between the two, but the action is much faster than the two. You're given a sword, a gun, and the ability to swiftly dodge as you're pitted against a variety of enemies across four different areas in the game. These areas are not only non linear and expansive, but they're also full of secrets filled with upgrades, called gear bits, and triggers that helps you open up more secrets. The gearbits, however, helps you upgrade your different abilities and give you extra ones as well. There's many ways you can upgrade your abilities, but the upgrades aren't tiered save a couple of upgrades, but every single upgrade is very useful.One of the main attractions to the game are its boss fights. This is where I say the game may disappoint to some people. Some of the boss fights are lackluster in the boss's attack variety and some of them are pitifully weak, being able to be destroyed within your first encounter if you're a capable enough gamer. Only later through the game will your skills be truly put to the test as you're given tougher bosses to fight, although they're still considerably weak if you're using the right equipment. At least, this is how my first playthrough of the game felt on the standard difficulty. Compared to Dark Souls and even The Legend of Zelda, the bosses are subjectively easier than the waves of mobs you fight on the way to them. Despite this, most of the boss fights are still fun as each boss has abilities vastly differing from other bosses.The game has some extra content, like challenge stages and mini games to play when you're not adventuring, but nothing too extraordinary compared to other games unless you count the secret doors you can access through the keys scattered around the game world. On a standard playthrough collecting some items, I'd say the game is around 8 hours long. However, I may very well give this game a second playthrough after I clear out some of my back log. I'd say this game is a solid 7/10 with a 5 being an average score. This game definitely stands out with its faster paced Zelda/Souls styled combat, but the game's climaxes to each area and even to the game itself fail to hold up to the rest of the game. It's a must-buy when its on sale, but if you have the money to spare, it's not a bad purchase either. At 20 dollars, this game has what I expect content wise, but the content in there is well crafted."
76561198118032431,Not Recommended,257850,26185399,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,hannesthielker,"Could be one of the best pixelart-games ive played, BUT:Crashes on OSX every 10-15 minutes :-("
,Recommended,257850,25674780,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Balista,"""Art at its finest""Beautiful in every way. Better music than mozart, undertale, or skrillex.Gameplay like Zelda, Enter The Gungeon, and Dark souls.The story is so unique and mysterious.Buy this now."
76561198048623723,Recommended,257850,30838940,Posted: 30 March,all,Skynred,"I'm gonna start with the stuff you probably haven't read in other reviews so far:Hyper Light Drifter is nowhere near as hard as people say it is, at least in the Normal difficulty (there are only 3, and you gotta finish the game on Normal first to unlock Hard, if I'm not mistaken.) It took me a single attempt to kill most of the bosses; the worst of them, 7. The final boss, one.Another thing I found misleading in most reviews is that the visuals and the music of the game are ""absolutely beautiful."" Well... they're not. They both work fine, do what they're supposed to. There's nothing wrong with them. BUT... there's nothing extraordinary about it either. There's too much of the color pink for my taste as well, but that may be just me.Finishing the game--WITHOUT SEEING 100% OF WHAT IT HAS TO OFFER (this is important)--doesn't take very long. For me, that was 6.4 hours.After that, there's still a lot--and I mean a LOT--of stuff left to be seen. Like half of the game. That's because you need to get 4 triangles in each of the 4 different regions to reach the bosses and finish the game, but there are actually 8 triangles in each area--and I have no idea of how to get 90-100% of the remaining ones.As soon as I started the game and reached the town, I went west. Ran right into a locked door with a key drawn on it. After finishing the game, I still don't know how to open that, and there are many other doors like it.You could say half the game is optional (who knows? maybe even more.) I'm going back there to try to find what I missed after writing this review. I only got 2 out of 12 outfits or so and 4 out of 6 ranged weapons.That being said, let me tell you--who's considering buying HLD--what the game is in a nutshell:You press SPACE to dash, Left Click to slash with your sword, Right Click to shoot. You can loot Health Packs (self-explanatory) and Golden Chips (Money.) You use the money to unlock skills or buy upgrades: 6 different skills (Dash-Chain, ""Hold Left Button for a Super Attack,"" Dash & Strike, etc.) +2 Health Pack slots, +2 Grenade Slots, +Ammo on weapons.There are 4 regions in the game: North, South, East and West. You go into each one of them looking for doors and elevators that will take you to mini-dungeons that contain the Triangles you have to find. After getting 4 of them in an area, you can fight its boss and move on to the next. Like I said before, there are 4 more optional triangles to find in each area (and the ""Key Doors"" which I still have no idea what they're about.)Each of the 4 regions is packed with 3-5 different types of monsters, each with their own behavior. Roughly: some are melee, others long-ranged. Oh! and the bosses, although easy, are all actually pretty interesting (there's also more than just 4 of them.)That's it. And, uh... I just realized I didn't really get the ending... nor anything about the story, actually... but that's not important, I guess.On a side note: I gotta mention that chaining dashes is not ""annoying"" nor ""irritating""... it's downright infuriating. At times, when you HAVE to use it, you can feel your cortisol levels rising by the nanosecond. There's an achievement that requires you to chain 800 consecutive dashes. My personal record was 4. If you use a controller, chaining is probably easier--but, on a keyboard, hitting SPACE, it's hell... and I'm just gonna go ahead and say that doing that achievement on a keyboard is impossible.So... in short, ""is the game good?"" Yeah. Get it. It's not gonna change your life nor anything, but it's fun, well done and bug-free.P.S. A HINT (don't read if you don't want one, but this will help you a LOT with finding the hidden stuff:) Look for small squares on the ground. Dark squares inside light ones. Every single one of them leads to a secret area. I'm not totally sure, but they may signal ALL the secrets in the game."
,Not Recommended,257850,22468993,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,haru_natsu,"Good game, awful developers."
,Not Recommended,257850,22421996,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Familiar,"This game is pretty good, but it isn't worth $20. The fact that the credits were so long actually surprised me."
76561198051301844,Recommended,257850,22160685,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,SeanScott3D,HLD is a Audio/Visual masterpiece.
76561198069989159,Recommended,257850,23676744,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Fartoo,It's really good.9/10
76561198032261087,Recommended,257850,22904872,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Fresh Cabbage,My pant got wet after I saw the intro.11/10
,Recommended,257850,30830317,Posted: 30 March,all,RoyalFrost,Love everything in it and it's not as difficult as others say it to be
76561198078837068,Recommended,257850,22159805,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ubwicos,"Great game, great performance, amazing pixel graphic and amazing gameplay.Day one Linux release is very good too.I can't ask for more."
,Recommended,257850,22164164,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Deo Favente,Only just started but I think this could be something special.Will update review as I play.
,Recommended,257850,22161336,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Poyo~,10/10 I dashed 800 times in one spot for a blue cape.
76561198019005460,Recommended,257850,22161620,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Tokimaru,"Ive only played this game for some time so this will be a pretty basic reviewPros:Great musicDisturbing visuals ???Fast combat systemBeautiful visualsConsPrepare to die alotHard boss fightsConfusing story telling (which isnt all that bad there just isn't dialogue)Bottom Line,If you like Legend Of Zelda - A Link to the Past then you're probably gonna like this gameIts a fun, fast, and thought provoking Rpg with outstanding visuals and music."
76561198138838094,Recommended,257850,22161521,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,FARTACIDE,Hyper Light Drifter is zelda and metroid prime bone storm in a samuria jack cartoon
76561198141016243,Recommended,257850,26131518,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Orcake,"Purchase and play this game, because.... REASONS"
,Recommended,257850,22248053,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Kaffarov,"It's a hard game, especially the bosses. For me it was smooth croosing through all the levles untill I got to the first northern boss fight. Kept trying to avoid his attacks but ended up running into them with the way how the sprint/jump system works. Pretty satisfying once you get through it, would recommend"
76561198168348139,Recommended,257850,30277831,Posted: 2 March,all,somnolentSlumber,"I can't even climb the first wall in the game. Apparently you're supposed to dash up the wall, but that doesn't work. FIx this please. I heard this game was good and I'm disappointed I can't even get past the ♥♥♥♥ing tutorial area due to this stupid glitch. I really want to like this game, but seeing as it's currently literally unplayable due to not being able to get past the first ♥♥♥♥ing wall in the game, I can't like it.Help.Edit: Apparently the ""fix"" to this glitch is to make the game 30fps. Well, alright. What a dumb glitch. Can't climb walls in the 60fps version of the game. That's really stupid, and needs to be fixed. This is supposed to be real good though, and now I'm looking forward to actually being able to progress past the tutorial.Please fix this stupid glitch so I can play at 60fps like this update was supposed to intend."
76561198116013494,Recommended,257850,24126149,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,lemonfucker,one of the only indie games that didnt give me cancer
76561198087051770,Recommended,257850,23108981,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Yuki Hideyasu,Buy it. It's good
,Recommended,257850,32637146,Posted: 22 June,all,dog,it isagoodameyes
,Recommended,257850,23903012,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Sean,Co-op = GoodGameplay = GoodController Functon = EhhFun = 11/5
76561198159030708,Recommended,257850,33436515,Posted: 10 July,all,classicskye,"This game was probably the hardest game I've played in a while. It's like Dark Souls meets Dark Souls II meets Dark Souls III meets. I like dying multiple times in a game making no progress, reminds me of Dark Souls. Kanye West is in the credits and he made Ultra Light Beam. Did Hyper Light Drifter contribute to Life of Pablo? 10/10"
,Recommended,257850,30286110,Posted: 2 March,all,Spagebobs,"I have played this game for almost a hour, and i already feel suicidal."
,Recommended,257850,22160128,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Conkerkid11,"Will update review later, but so far this game's really good. The soundtrack, graphics, and gameplay are all great. I like the focus on getting straight to the meat of the game, rather than starting things off as slowly as most current-gen games do. There's absolutely no handholding here.Gameplay is like Dark Souls meets 2D Zelda or something like that. You hit the enemies, and you dodge their attacks. Game is brutal in terms of difficulty too. I love it.And the game has support for PS4 controllers. Not many other games can say they have native PS4 controller support."
,Recommended,257850,30213414,Posted: 26 February,all,twitch.tv/covercrop,♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Great way to tell a story and super fun combat.
76561197997674987,Recommended,257850,28117474,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,pitiku,Q WAPOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198060013365,Recommended,257850,25936452,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,AceSpacePup,"A beautiful and challenging game, HLD's simple pixel style does not fail to offer complexity in gameplay."
76561198039990990,Not Recommended,257850,34573649,Posted: 29 August,all,thies4321,This game is beautiful but it ruins it with the constant crashes. Most of the time this is just annoying but i was doing a enemy challenge and on the last friggin wave it crashes with ONE enemy left. Man how a good game can be ruined so easily. If you don't like 5 crashes a hour then you shouldn't buy this game.
76561197990725234,Recommended,257850,22315896,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,guitarbloke,"Decent Zelda-lite.Pros:- nice level design, although a bit too samey for the amount of backtracking required- exploration not exposition- bosses are hard but (mostly) fair- overall combat is goodCons:- 30 fps refresh looks stylish but makes for annoyingly ""sticky"" controls; minimal cancelling- no attack interrupt on enemies means constantly getting sucker-punched mid-combo- Music runs the emotional gamut from bland to insipid- It's ugly as all get-out- Putting a cyan/magenta player character on a magenta/cyan background and then shaking it about all over the place is  an offence in most forward-thinking jurisdictions."
76561197995015728,Recommended,257850,31927592,Posted: 23 May,all,tipsy,It was good m'kay.
,Recommended,257850,27377633,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CorruptedData404,"It's a seriously awesome, beautiful game that is really fun to play."
76561197992754330,Recommended,257850,27377792,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tony Sailboat,Dark souls + Zelda
76561198051897785,Recommended,257850,28590956,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tender Oblivion,good stuff
76561198164593329,Recommended,257850,23244742,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,EightBit,This game is really looks nice and well done 10/10
,Recommended,257850,25732873,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,digitalbutt3r,this games a good game
76561198091338358,Recommended,257850,25730097,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Canadianmamba,best game ever made
,Recommended,257850,28771055,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,anime heister ♡,I love this game soooooo much its soooo goooood
76561198163597788,Recommended,257850,30803694,Posted: 28 March,all,Cuck,"great combat, great graphics, great music"
,Recommended,257850,30803089,Posted: 28 March,all,Intuition5,Such a beautiful game.Challenging. Intuitive. Unique.This is what game developers should look up to.
,Recommended,257850,30784608,Posted: 27 March,all,Adriwisler,Fantastic game
76561198076702012,Recommended,257850,30802848,Posted: 28 March,all,TheAmazingCartopolis,"the speed in this games combat feels refreshing and intuitive, particularly around boss, and the difficulty is just and feels rewarding. your not just walking through it, but youre not find every cheap adavantage you can get. the soundtrack adds to both the action and ambience and makes for a perfect experience score.10/10 would hyperlightflash myself into a bloody mess again just to be turned to bits"
,Recommended,257850,30802274,Posted: 28 March,all,illanos,"es un juego de abilidad, pero si te va ese rollo, pues genial :-D, luego la historia esta muy bien (apenas cuentan nada y lo que cuentan es interesante) y el rollo pixel art, MUY GUAPO."
,Recommended,257850,30807482,Posted: 28 March,all,Samuel Jasek,"Legend of Zelda, Dark Souls, and Samuria Jack all in one game with some chill music. It's a must play."
,Recommended,257850,30797748,Posted: 28 March,all,TakingItCasual,"It's one of those rare games that provides even minmaxers actual incentive to explore via its scattered currency that is used to unlock useful combat skills. That coupled with the beautiful aesthetics and cryptic yet straightforward story gives the experience a powerful atmosphere. Combat is hectic, and learning to read the enemies' telegraphing is rewarding because it doesn't take much to kill you."
76561197999976188,Recommended,257850,30803728,Posted: 28 March,all,Solac-Mal,"Great gameplay, great art style, great music. It will seem difficult until you experience NG+, then you realize that your first playthrough was a cakewalk. The game has it's limitations, but as an indie game it's more than worth the price and I'd definitely recommend it. HLD2 pl0x"
,Recommended,257850,30803785,Posted: 28 March,all,Wally,I died alot... I felt amazed alot... I still haven't beaten NG+... Yea this game is pretty awesome
,Recommended,257850,30807295,Posted: 28 March,all,AetherReal,"Read the other reviews, this game is 10/10. Do yourself a favor and play this masterpiece!"
,Recommended,257850,30803539,Posted: 28 March,all,Abyssal,"I'd been waiting for this game since it was on Kickstarter, and I regret not having backed it then. This game delivers. It's fun, challenging, and extremely beautiful. I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198031910071,Recommended,257850,30803822,Posted: 28 March,all,hal4070,"Love the game. Love the setting. Love the concept. I wish they included all the bosses discussed during the kickstarter phase, but it still has difficult bosses and plenty of things to collect. Also would have liked to see more cutscenes since those are so well done. Lastly, I hope they come out with some more content for it or a new game similar to it instead of being a one trick pony. Only time will tell."
,Recommended,257850,28136275,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,zzz,Absolutely Breathtaking.
,Recommended,257850,22228596,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Neptune,This game is more addicting than that ice that kills white boys.Just kidding this game makes me want to slam my head against a wall.
,Recommended,257850,33602679,Posted: 17 July,all,YOU ARE GOING TO JAIL,art
76561198045868313,Recommended,257850,25734269,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Qube,Intro sequence actually deafened me. 10/10
,Recommended,257850,22160868,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,George Foreman Grill,"i honeslty don't know what to say about Hyper Light Drifter anymore, i have changed my review about five times to far. this game is a masterpeice of art style of atmoshpere, hands down Hyper Light Drifter has the best atmosphere of any 2D game i've ever played. the story is really instresting too, it is hard to get what is going on at first but the story is still really intriguing. you play as this drifter guy who is trying to find a cure for a illness or something on this old torn down planet. the story is really told more through the atmosphere, people encased in crystal tells a far better story then a 1 hour cut scene.the combat is really cool too, a hack and slash dance. dodging with your dash move and then attacking, it is like a waltz of brawling. yet some of the games flaws get in the way of this beautiful waltz. the dash and attack dance doesn't really play out well when you are being spammed by 10 plus enemies at once. this is where another part of the game comes in, Hyper Light Drifter is a hard game. don't exspect to walk through a area maybe kicking the bucket once or twice, you will see your drifter guy die 20, 30 times. the worst thing about is that this diffucultly comes from poor design chocies rather then skillful placement. things like no manual saves, the game saves like Bioshock Infinite, at the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ times. plus the really faded cursor on PC doesn't help you play any better. it is hard to find even outside of combat, and once you are in combat it becomes a guessing game of where you might attack. the the AI is also needs a lot of work, enemies walking into walls and even bosses tweek'n out. yet once you play the game you will see the flaws in design far more clearly, they are small but still there.the game's art style is just hands down the best in any game you will ever see, it is something you cannot describe in words. Hyper Light Drifter is how a pixel game should look like, it is a peice of art that should be in museums. the music is fantasic too, the syth work is reminiscent of a  sci fi 80-esc world. then the paino comes in with grand Debussy runs that shimmer like fine crystal, it is like the art style, just perfect.Pros- PERFECT art style- Amazing music- Cool story- Instresting cobatCons- Janky AI- No manual saves- Very Hard (this might be a con for you, depends)- PC cursor is almost invisableif Hyper Light Drifter is tweeked just a bit, it will win game of the year like 20 times."
76561198041624506,Recommended,257850,32937855,Posted: 28 June,all,Handsome Stranger,This is some good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,257850,33374262,Posted: 8 July,all,WAH,"This game is absolutley amazing, it has a great mysterious shroud, surrounding it. You do things without really knowing why you're doing it and the combat is intense, smooth and can be difficult to get the hang of. The NPC's that you have these little mini stories, that help to confuse things more, as you try to peice together whats happening in this world. The environments are stunning and hold lots of charm. There are smaller hidden puzzles around the world for you to complete aswell and plenty of secrets and hidden pathways to find too.This game is great if you like to explore without having your hand held by tutorials and forceful objectives. Just don't expect to make much sense of it story wise, it's very much up for interpretation. But all in all, it is a great game, well worth the price!"
76561197988130161,Not Recommended,257850,28639446,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Moonlit Knight,Bought two copies of this game for co-op because it listed both Local Co-Op and Co-op as tags on the store page.Suffice to say it's only actually local Co-op.I Do Not Recommend buying this for co-op unless you're getting together with your friends.
76561198076834193,Not Recommended,257850,30930091,Posted: 3 April,all,millett_man,"I added the game to my wish list and bought it half off - It's a pretty game, and I enjoyed the blend steam punk type of mixing old and new technology (swords and laser/light guns, robots and ancient magic).The story is so vague though. It's all told in pictures, and after completing the game, I still have only a partial understanding of the story. I think the picture storytelling idea is cool, because now ideas aren't lost in translation (seems to be a Japanese style game), but it leaves A LOT out. For example where did all these titans come from we find scattered across the land? They seemed to have died due to some huge explosion from a crystal, but by who and why was the crystal activated? What is my character (and others) sick from (was it the crystal or the final boss)? This story just don't make really any sense and requires alot of out of game explanation.One of the game mechanics is a PAIN IN THE BUTT. The chain drift is timed better on sound than visuals, but you wouldn't get that from an in game explanation. I found this out after frustratingly trying and dying about 50 times on a part that requires you to perfectly time your chain drifts and then searching online to see what the hell i was doing wrong. I know it's one mechanic, but you use it so often and some parts require you to be able to do it well to progress.The game is also very short unless you're seeking after the extra, pink triangles that don't give any more plot detail and just help you customize your wardrobe with a few boring stat increases.All in all, it was a pretty game with some fun ideas, but a really cool story is always just slightly out of reach and it's just vague enough to inrigue your interest, but then never actually enough to satisfy it. If you have the drive to master very technical, unexplained mechanics, for an ending that doesn't explain anything, have at it."
,Not Recommended,257850,33046708,Posted: 30 June,all,ZachElf,"Everybody said it's like Dark Souls and a lot of people seems to love this game. I really don't like this artstyle neither the soundtrack, so I waited for a discount to give it a chance.Now I have the game but it disappointed me in a lot of ways:- As I thought the artstyle and the colors of the game is awful (at least for me)- The music is rather annoying- It's nothing like Dark Souls- the dash and combo-dash system is poorly made. After a dash, you are immobile for about half a second, you can't dash through enemies, and the combo dash ... you have to be unbelievable precise to manage to do it. In a fight its almost impossible to concentrate for that.- The encounters are repetitive.- Navigating through the map is clunky. The game has a lot of secret places and routes which I liked, but you have to hug the wall to see if you can go through it, or not. In most cases you get stuck in the corners too. You can't predict if you can dash through a gap or not, you have to try it, and lose a hp if its too far away.I'm having a lot of fun in hard games, like the afore-mentioned Dark Souls series, but in Hyperlight Drifter its more like getting annoyed time after time."
,Recommended,257850,22157896,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,aztek,Darksouls meets Cyber-punk Legend of Zelda.11/10
,Not Recommended,257850,22247686,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Marksman46,"I love games like dark souls, I love the BEAUTIFUL aesthetic, the wonderful art, and the awesome tone. To the developers, kudos, seriously.That being said, there are two things that a lover of games like these, just could not get over. It made the game not something I had any interest in continuing to play.1) Simple enough, the 30FPS lock actually detrimented my experience, the game felt sluggish and jumpy, even though the game is supposed to be extrememly fast paced. On top of that, it might say the game is running at 30, but honestly, the game might have been animated at 24. It feels janky, even for 30.2) I honestly, truly did not enjoy the combat, it felt like I couldn't get the timing down, not because the game is ""Hard but fair"" because this coming from someone who beat Titan Souls in under 2 hours my very first run through. The way the enemies attack you, the patterns, how the animations don't line up with the direction of the enemies attacks, such as, them starting the animation to attack you from one side, but then the shot flies out of their back. It makes it not ""challenging"" but more of a hassle to dodge in time with their strange attack patterns, and attack, espeically when they are in the middle of their ""taking damage"" animation, and still manage to spit a projectile in your face. It wasn't even frustrating, just... annoying... more than anything.It's... ok. But there were just some things I couldn't get past. I was SO excited to play this game. But when I actually fought something for the first time, it was just, completely disappointing."
,Not Recommended,257850,22246245,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,OperaWolf,"It's a game with a pointlessly obtuse story that quickly becomes frustrating due to a floaty, imprecise control scheme (at least on mouse and keyboard) and an awful camera system. I wanted to like it, but it quickly just turned into a slog. Can't recommend, though maybe it's better with a controller.To go into more depth:There's something to be said for games that don't spell it all out for you. Dark Souls, for example, gives you a lot of lore and interesting story, if you care to dig it out. Hyper Light Drifter, on the other hand, feels a lot like someone saw that and decided to ape it in a clumsy attempt at being mysterious and deep, which unfortunately just makes it vague and annoying. All I've gotten out of the story so far is that it's so obtuse that I don't really care about it. I have no desire to puzzle out what the game is trying to tell me, and that's a shame because it's an otherwise interesting world.My other complaint is fairly large, though it's mostly on me. I'm using a mouse and keyboard even though the game hints heavily that you should use a controller, mostly because I don't have one I can use. A game like this needs tight controls and it just doesn't have it if you use a mouse and keyboard. Everything is extremely imprecise and floaty. Gun shots veer off from where you aim to the point that you can't be sure how to aim at things, despite how basic it seems. Dashes hurl you off in slightly wrong directions, making mobility during combat a clumsy, frustrating affair. I never once felt like I was getting better, or learning the system. Most fights just felt like a crapshoot instead of an opportunity to get better at the mechanics.Another complaint is the camera. It doesn't always follow you. Usually it's in something of a fixed position to display a single ""screen"" (if you remember Metroid, it's like that), and only shifts when you reach the edge and go into another ""screen"". There are numerous times where this is just awful, especially in areas where combat occurs. If the controls weren't bad enough, imagine having to blindly dash off-screen because enemies back-flipped out of the screen you're currently in and are now shooting you from somewhere you can't see.Overall, it wouldn't be a terrible purchase on sale. Just don't expect a lot of depth to the story or the gameplay."
76561198197028679,Not Recommended,257850,33894089,Posted: 29 July,all,Zedekial,"Hyper Light Drifter is beautiful visual-wise and has extremely fun and satisfying core combat mechanics. Slicing enemies and charging your gun to blast others made me want to play this game for hours, However there are some things that I feel are wrong. Having to get eight coins by either finding them in very well hidden spots in levels or getting them as a very rare drop from enemies is extremely slow and makes getting upgrades dull. Instead of a feeling of rapid progression, constantly changing up my fighting style and getting new weapons/abilities, I get bored and angry. The game is also extremely hard, even on newcomer mode, and suffers from severe difficulty spikes. One of the best examples of this is the boss fights. The first two boss rooms give you tons of free health packs before fighting the bosses (who themselves are not too hard to defeat) but the third level boss gives you less/none. The third boss is also able much harder than the other bosses. While the first two took two or three deaths to beat the third for me has taken around forty with still no progress. Dashing around with a powerful attack and summoning minions (which you can make him kill while they are still  encased in crystal, but unless you get his patterns down he will waste any health you have in seconds when trying to do this) while hitting you with an attack that takes away two health with each hit(Max health at this stage was five for me) and a projectile attack you can do nothing about unless you got a sword upgrade previously. The game mechanics seem fun and everything looks and feels amazing but the difficulty and the lack of any kind of progression with upgrades makes the game significantly less playable for me. Unless you can handle a considerable amount of rage and difficulty I would not recommend this game for others"
76561197987031159,Not Recommended,257850,32798570,Posted: 25 June,all,kevin_butler,"So I have heard nothing but good things about this game, but I was fairly let down. The game plays really well and its fun while it lasted, but it's ~4 hours of gameplay without doing New Game +.Why is this listed under ""Great Soundtrack"" and everyone seems to love it? There might be 4 songs that essentially consist of long bass drones. It's very atmospheric and it does good job but its nothing special.Basically this is a good game that for some reason it is do damn short that it feels like you are getting to a turning point when suddenly the game ends."
,Not Recommended,257850,28759998,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Assbad,"This game features a lot of design-choices I don't agree with (because they're unintuitive or archaic), which of course is a personal thing, but I also found a glitch in the first 2 hours of gameplay which allowed me to completely bypass a ""puzzle"" (Tomb Raider style hazards, so innovative!). You could say my first impression wasn't the best.The main reason this game is difficult is because it's not apparent, even after 3 hours, which frames of the dash are invincible (I've seen people claim it isn't, at all, but I have clearly avoided non-projectile hits with it- or hitboxes are worse than I thought). Furthermore, I started with the boss in the north, and was repeatedly getting hit by ground attacks I was not inside of (getting hit causes a mini-animation-freeze so it's easy to tell whether you're inside or not). Most likely an issue of visual appearance of attacks not lining up with the hitbox, if I had to make a guess. Combine these 2 and the game feels random as hell. No satisfaction was gained from defeating the boss (though, to be fair, if mechanics were crisp, he would be even easier instead of just easy and frustrating).Real shame, the sound and visuals are outstanding from what I have seen, there are tons of nicely hidden secrets that make you want to explore (a truly lost art, nowadays), and there clearly is a high skill-ceiling with multi-dashing and health-packs that have a start-animation (no heal if you get hit during), etc. Attacks at least felt pretty clean.If the rest of the game wasn't so good, I'd have refunded it already. I can't really recommend it for the price, it's too annoying/tedious to actually play for a 12€-on-sale title."
,Not Recommended,257850,22352443,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,bertaschramm,"I'm very disappointed with this game. Sure, the graphics and music are awesome, but the difficulty is far from playable, at least for me. I know that since Dark Souls came out, it is considered a good thing that you have to die 100 times before you defeat an enemy, but I cannot agree with that.The main problem is the battle system. You can easily hanlde 1, 2, maybe 3 enemies, but after the first hour or so, the game easily throws 10 and more enemies at you, in a tiny, locked up space and they all attack you at once. Some shot you, some quickly charge at you and some do other stuff. But the game doesn't give you anything against that, just a sword and a gun (which you cannot use in the fast paced battles, because aiming takes too much time), no defensive moves except from dashing away, no way to block attacks and you can only take a few hits before you die after 3 seconds of ""battle"". This looks like a serious balancing issue to me.This is not what I consider to be fun and therefore, I asked for a refund, which makes me sad as I was really looking forward to this game after I saw the first videos of it, but nice graphics and music don't make a game fun to play."
,Not Recommended,257850,28952562,Posted: 2 January,all,MacAlbert,"The game is nice, plays well, but the story is non-existent, and it relies too much on finding secrets to make progression on the game. You'll find yourself checking every wall for a secret passage to unlock everything in order to get the ultimate revelation and make things clear once and for all.It gets boring, frustrating, and I find it dishonest from the devs because in the game you have no real tools to navigate fluently between worlds, you just need to replay every level several times until you discover everything, and then you can move on. That's not all, sometimes you even need some weapon or some ability to progress, but the game does not tell you explicitly, so you'll end throwing even more time into the sink.And all for nothing, because in the end you'll discover that the devs were too lazy even for creating a proper ending for their game. You'll only regret biting the bait and having spent so many hours on it.The only truly good part of this game is the art and the combat gameplay. Everything else is a waste of your time."
,Not Recommended,257850,22227046,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Five-Piece,"Nobody I know was more excited about this game than ME.I've set aside 2 different days this week to play this game. Both have ended in the game repeatedly crashing.At first I couldn't get the game to launch at all (this would be where the intro video plays after starting a new game and naming your save file.) This was happening on my Steam Link connected to my TV. I decided I'd try sitting at my computer with no Steam Link and just using the monitors.Now I was able to play the game through the intro video and the first intro level (under ground.) When you come out of the first house (building?) and find the first teleport pad, all the game wants to do is crash. If I walk back into the house i get a crash. If i press start I get a crash. Everything just wants to make this game crash.In the meantime I'm maxing out newer games like The Division, GTA 5, Fallout 4, Wolfenstein the new order, and Tomb Raider with zero issues.Really severely disapointed. I asked for a refund becuase money is tight this week after paying all my bills, AND 'Enter the Gungeon' is coming out in TWO days. Hopefully that game will actually run, unlike Hyper Light Drifter.I'm upset that the dev's wasted my time and money. I hope the refund goes through. What an absolute waste of my Sunday."
,Not Recommended,257850,28915587,Posted: 1 January,all,Nota,"Not so sure how to feel about this game... a lot of this game is just swarming you with enemies. When you dodge twice, you are immobilized for a second and all the enemies kill you, and if they didn't then you wouldn't be able to dodge anyway because of the snipers. Then it takes SO long to respawn, and is really obnoxious. Not to mention if you go too fast then you will slide off the edge into an abyss and take damage. And I feel like a lot of progressing the game is just walking around in no clear direction and trying to find the secrets, which ends up most of the time you thinking something is a requirement to the story and then dashing to it but you can't make it and take extra damage. I understand the difficulty, but sometimes it is just dumb. I'm going to play more but if it keeps up like this then I might have to stop. I really want to love this game, it is stunningly beautiful in an odd way, very cool, but I can't explore this world. It just gets too boring too fast trying to do the same thing over and over or walking around doing nothing looking for a way to go."
,Not Recommended,257850,26109871,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Ƥαƿ∂§ღµ☈ƒ,"I wanted to like this game so badly, but the severe lack of any decipherable story or general direction absolutely killed it.  That being said, the graphics aesthetic is nice and the music suits well to the environments.  The attempt at conveying messages and directions through vague pictographic representations fell flatter than a piece of plywood."
,Recommended,257850,22158614,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,6k,spent two hours straight just now trying to score 800 or whatever on the continuous dash course. still havent been able to get past it. 10/ 10
,Not Recommended,257850,23993875,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Leo,"I really had my hopes up for such a game due to its incredible art style but the devs screwed up big time 30 fps cap, short and dull main story, lack of contect im really was sad that a game like this was ruined because the devs were thinking ""Oh such games can only be in 30 fps"" when i personally cant play such games because i have been wearing glasses for as long as i can remember and the fps cap puts a strain on my eyes which is why i refunded the game"
76561198006816268,Not Recommended,257850,26188518,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,inugami,"The game is not bad but has many flaws (design decisions) i dont like.All the time i have a  ""where is waldo"" feeling in this game.There are just too many secrets. How can there be too many secrets? There are secrets in 95% of the ""rooms"", so it doesnt feel special to find any, they are just a mandaory part of the game, slowing down the pace of the game, because u spend more time exploring than fighting. In addition i often felt punished for exploring, lost 90% of my health from falling down edges or just plain jumping into  empty space - which happens often, because background is often hard to seperate from normal floor.The dashing is also not to my liking, chaining dashes feels clunky - sound and animation don't fit together and the knockback when touching while dashing, feels over the top.i like the combat, but health packs should be filled up at warppoints, farming some, when u ran out of is just annoying, especially how many u just lose for falling into empty space while exploring.Even so combat is pretty fluid, it gets boring pretty fast, since u only have 1! melee weapon - just imagine dark souls would have the long sword and no other melee weapon at all...Boss fights were the most enjoyable part of the game, but i actually prefer titan souls for fun pixel art boss fights, and the number of bosses in this game is not rly big, i encountered 5 as far as i remember.edited after finishing the game (not 100% - and i didnt enjoy it enough to try)"
76561197967899315,Recommended,257850,25727757,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,LerssiLasse,A beautiful gem of a game.
,Not Recommended,257850,22250182,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Captain Ghost,"There are games that do little to hand hold or tell much about themselves to you. Keep you in the dark to some degree. But then there are games that just flat out don't tell you much of anything at all. Hyperlight Drifter is that. It's a solid combat game lacking in depth due to making its surface story impenetrable. Having finished the game, the fights also are incredibly unbalanced. Bosses vary between laughly easy to fairly interesting, with one boss being solidly just a frustration train.This game is what I'd call a Gamer's Game. To someone who's never played a video game before, the fact that progression based tokens are hidden behind scenery that you have to guess to go around, invisible platform that take guesses, and lots, and lots of things that involve mastering skills quickly, it plays to those that have played similar games well and does not lend itself well to first time players.This game is rage inducingly frustrating. It doesn't help that the final fight provides all the satisification of a wet noodle to the face. I figured New Game+ Might help resolve that, but making the main character have 2 health pips instead of 5 turns something okay, doable, into ""I got steam rolled to death instantly, about 15 times"" because truckloads of enemies hit for 2 pips. 3 would have been doable, but 2 is just loading up the frustration train and packing it full of coal and water.  Might as well have made it one pip for all it mattered. As for finding the secrets, one discovers after trawling the scenery for secret doorways, that there's scenery doors that can lead you into getting stuck in no where lands. There's scenery doors with no indications. Plus, judging by the game's shoddy story telling, I doubt I'll get much satisifaction from secrets found."
,Not Recommended,257850,22361887,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Qxlb3r,As much fun as boxing with hands tied behind the back.
,Not Recommended,257850,22292019,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Gordon_RamsC,"This otherwise beautiful game is very short, and it's only padded in length by boss battles that feel cheap. It took 9 hours to beat, but there isn't 9 hours worth of content. The new game plus mode cuts you down from 5 hp to 2, making this a game only a masochist could want. I want a refund."
,Not Recommended,257850,22344079,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Detective Babylegs,"Honestly, I really, really wanted to like this game. I followed it for months on kickstarter. Aesthetically, the game is wonderful. The art style is fantastic and the animations are very well done. The music, while different, is good. To me, some of the areas didn't really fit the music that was playing, but that's more personal preference than anything. What killed this game for me was the framerate. While I understand the technical limitations of the engine used to build the game, it was just unacceptable. I can deal with a cap of 30fps, as long as it's consistent, and in this game it is anything but. With the level of precision recquired by the fast-paced combat, a drop of 3-5 fps absolutely threw off my timing. I was met with frequent and intense stuttering. All-told it just made what would have been an incredible game a very unenjoyable experience, and I sadly refunded it."
76561197989724295,Recommended,257850,22219968,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,thefriendlyinsomniac,"Take a pinch of Zelda, add a pinch of Dark Souls, and then smother the whole thing in a stunning audio-visual presentation--now you have Hyper Light Drifter!The mechanics are decidedly old school: you run around a mysterious world upgrading your character and learning new mechanics as you fight monsters.  Every new mechanic lets you unlock new areas of the map and/or reach previously inaccessible locations in order to further upgrade your character.The difficulty is best described as ""arcade difficulty,"" really -- some may compare it to Dark Souls (ahem...opening sentence), but the truth is that the game plays very much like a retro RPG.  Meaning that there are stretches of quiet and beautiful scenery and music followed by frantic monster-filled fights where you slowly learn which threats the most pressing and which you can deal with after dispatching thatfreakin' caster.In line with the above, the game says it is best played with a controller, though I found that using a mouse works fine, too.  The only thing I would mention, though, is that your character's field of view moves as you move the mouse around to target/aim at things.  Before getting the hang of it, that mechanic produced a little motion sickness, so be careful not to let your mouse fly around (remember that almost everyting is accomplished with the keyboard.In case you all are interested, my friend has started a playthrough of the game here (caution, spoilers):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rU8Lyqm1Lo"
76561198001293673,Not Recommended,257850,22210300,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,seeker,"This game has so many problems, not sure where to even start.  Both technical and design.A glaring technical problem:  the frame rate is locked at 30 fps.   This is absolutely unacceptable in 20-freaking-16 on PC.   The screen follows your character as you walk around, constantly scrolling to keep you near the center.  Why does this have to scroll at 30 FPS?  The animations are fine to be 10 fps or whatever, because they are hand drawn and look cool.  But why does the screen have to clunk around at 30 fps?  After 10 seconds it's downright nauseating and it never gets better.  It's annoying every single minute.The physics are really bad.  Enemies getting stuck out in empty areas beyond your reach, your character getting stuck on crystals randomly. ""Trees"" where sometimes you can walk through them and other ones you can't, with no visible difference between them.   There are these crystal spike traps that damage you when you walk on them.  About 20% of the time my character would get stuck in the middle of them while trying to ""warp"" past them and get damaged or killed instead.   I couldn't figure out if it was something I was doing, so I spent about 5 minutes and 20 lives trying to figure it out. Never could detect a pattern or cause. But I did find that if you walk halfway into them, and then warp, you don't get stuck as much, maybe only 5% of the time.There is no consistency to the auto-save. Sometimes it saves each time you enter a screen.  Sometimes it doesn't.  One time I died and I had all the items I had before dying.  One time I died and it went back 20+ minutes and hadn't saved anything.The game play is excrutiatingly boring for two reasons:1)  You start with a sword and quickly get a gun.  There is a grand total of 2 moves:  swing your sword and shoot your gun.   That means after you swing your sword a couple times, then you get to shoot the gun a couple of times.  Oh and then swing your sword some more.2)  99% of enemies drop nothing, and you gain absolutely nothing by killing. They serve no other purpose than to put a barrier between you and the things you want to do, like explore the game you just bought or fight a cool boss.   The same enemies are in the same place and respawn every time you die. That means you get to enjoy repeating the same fight against the same enemies in the same places over and over again!  Yay!If this game was trying to be a 2D Dark Souls, it failed miserably."
,Recommended,257850,22181053,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Paul Atreides,"I've only put enough time in to write a review before i fell asleep. Buy this game, do yourself that favor. The atmosphere is something unique that ive only felt in a handful of games. The music while scarce is soothing, and the combat is tight. Its tough too, dont be fooled. Take it from a vulcan, this game is a must buy."
,Not Recommended,257850,23622966,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Foxa,"This is one of the best games in my library, but I prefer to play it with co-op set to ON. Co-op bugs -- Second player always dies and causes 1-2 damage to first player during elevator cutscenes."
,Recommended,257850,29790438,Posted: 8 February,all,brdg,If you're not a whiny little beach then this game is for you
76561198073753971,Recommended,257850,25758690,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Hottest Grill Around,you must have a mental defficiancy if you havent bought this yet.
,Recommended,257850,22307029,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Mint-Odyessy,Hyper Light Souls: Prepare To Drift editionThis is a joke/late April Fools review. I'll do a real one soon. :fhappy:
,Recommended,257850,30836415,Posted: 30 March,all,Big Iron,I just wanna die and f**k off to heaven
,Recommended,257850,28539683,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,3spoopy5me,It was fun good gr4phics
76561198053526912,Not Recommended,257850,22310854,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dimitrios1610,"No. Just no.There's a difference between a difficult game that doesn't hold your hand and a game that's obtuse for the sake of being pretty. Hyper Light Drifter is the latter.The game tells you NOTHING. Absolutely nothing about anything. The upgrade system is unreadable, the story is nonexistent, and whoever designed the map needs their head examined. It's ridiculous. It doesn't even tell you where YOU are, much less what you're supposed to be doing.I tried to enjoy this, I really did. It's just too difficult and too pointless feeling. It's gorgeous, but empty.Save yourself the time and trouble, and watch someone else play this instead of doing it yourself."
,Not Recommended,257850,31035864,Posted: 9 April,all,Hypnoncatrice,"Combat, performance and movement systems are unacceptably unpolished for how simple they are."
76561198046455703,Recommended,257850,30803472,Posted: 28 March,all,Seal,"The controls are satisfying, the exploration is satisfying, the music is satisfying, the combat is really ♥♥♥♥ing satisfying. These guys delivered everything they said they would and they promised the world. I can't really say anything that someone hasn't already said in a review that was too long for you to bother reading, butthe whole thing just FEELS really ♥♥♥♥ing good. Good in your SOUL."
76561198041184744,Recommended,257850,25734477,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,-JAEGER- DIAMOND DOG,THIS GAME IS A MUST HAVE SUPER BEAUTIFUL ART AND AMAZING SOUNDTRACK
,Recommended,257850,22247453,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,wessles,Is good.
76561198060593456,Not Recommended,257850,22200363,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,TheTickleMonster,"This game is almost exclusively style over substance. It is beautiful, and has an amazing tone and sense of aesthetic, both aurally, thanks to Distasterpeace (of FEZ fame), and visually. However, the gameplay and level design is horrifically designed. The game clearly takes inspiration from Dark Souls, but the designers clearly did not understand the nuance behind the game design that makes Dark Souls difficult but fair. Boss arenas are cluttered, visually, making it incredibly easy to fall off the area, or to be be blindsided by attacks off-screen. Dodging doesn't grant invincibility frames, healing takes far too long, dodging feels unresponsive and every button input has noticeable lag behind it. Bosses themselves often have plenty of additional enemys, artifically increasing difficulty by forcing combat with multiple opponents.In short, horrifically designed. Moreover, death and respawn animations are obnoxiously long, making death even more frustrating than in Dark Souls."
76561198144424719,Not Recommended,257850,30828396,Posted: 30 March,all,AlexO,"One of the main reason I bought this game is because of the co op but the co op really sucks. First of all, the second player can't interact with anything, only the main player can. Second of all the camera movement only follows the main player and whenever the second player goes out of the screen it automatically teleports back to the position of the main player. The worst part is that oncethe main player dies, the second player dies as well and also the second player has virtually unlimited life. I wish the developer can put a little more thought into making the co op better."
76561198067418808,Not Recommended,257850,28696399,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,simeon527,"Man, I really wanted to reccommend this game.It's biggest appeal is it's art and atmosphere which it does an astounding job at,unfortunately that's most of it's value. The gameplay get's stale pretty early on.Games like zelda and metroid, which this game is often compared to, change up the mechanics and means of exploration but HLD stays the same: dash around and do the same slashes at things inbetween bullets with the occasional shot from your gun. The upgrades are small in number, mostly useless and don't offer much change in gameplay or visuals (more bullets, dashes, Ect)After a few zones and underground ruins you'll feel like you've seen everything save the gorgeous scenery. even the bosses don't require much of a change in tactic.It seems like the creaters had more artistic vision than gameplay ideas which is no more evident than during platforming segments that require you, at times, to guess whether some artistic detail is a floor, obstacle or in the foreground/background.TLDR:This game is more artsy fartsy than gameplay."
,Not Recommended,257850,28546150,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The Illuminaughty,"This game. This freaking game.I'm one of the minority in disliking this game. Which is a shame because I was really excited for it when it released. It's visuals in KS updates were always eye grabbing, and the animations stunning. I just assumed it was going to be another indie darling that I would enjoy right away. Hah.To put it short, on release, this game was abominable to play - the cursor would easily get lost on the screen, the Drifter would get stuck in strange geometry, a couple of places had the sound balanced so poorly it would blow out my headphones, and the computer controls were so remarkably freaking clunky I was actually quite stunned. Since then there were some updates, and I kept the game long enough to see some of them. But I would be lying if I said it made the game any better to play.It's hard certainly, but only because it doesn't tell you anything straight up. All of anything you are supposed to do is implied through visuals that, while very very pretty, can be difficult to decipher to the point of just being a meaningless roadblock. (Dropsy suffers from a similar problem. But Dropsy also doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing murder you if you take too long with something.) The map, while easily one of the most gorgious things I have ever seen, is largely indecipherable to my screen-strained eyes. There's a lot of beauty here but it feels like it's purposely standing in the way of the actual freaking game and ended up feeding into my general confusion.For instance, when I first played the game I made the (apparently quite wrong) assumption that I was supposed to head north. Since, yanno, the nice person who saves Drifter went north. It seemed like the obvious path forward. I was clearly wrong and immediately ran into obsticles way way too advanced for me. I retraced back and forth to the starting town to where I was stuck nearly five times trying to figure out any of the other pathways. The map just never clicked in a way that made sense. After trying to just brute force my way past the obstacles a few more times, I eventually gave up and refused to touch it again. It wasn't until much later that I learned that while yes, you can approach any area in any orderin theory, it was suggested to travel to the rightmost area first. An area I couldn't even find a freaking path for.I feel like a lot of the game is difficult for difficult sake. Obstacles have corresponding upgrades, which you can only know about until you run into them at least once, which by then you've probably already spent your precious pennies on a seperate upgrade altogether. The cursor is constantly getting ♥♥♥♥ing lost on the screen, even with the little outline it has now (something it definitely didn't have on launch). It's beautiful, but so irritating to play that I actually feel a building frustration anytime I see anything to do with it now. You can only imagine the low seething fury writhing being back on this store page again.Maybe my eyes are too weak and my brain is too tired to deal with the level of bullcrap this game runs on, but for anyone else that feels similar (or would enjoy something less obfuscatingly ♥♥♥♥ing difficult), I would recommend CrossCode. As for anyone of the Dark Soulsy, ""the harder, the better"" bent, you will probably get much more out of this game than I ever could. I'm almost jealous. Almost."
,Not Recommended,257850,25377414,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Jimbo,"This game just isn't fun to play. Yes, the story is cryptic and mysterious. Yes, it's a beautiful game with amazing art direction. Yes, it's a long game with lots of content. But, it just isn't fun to play. The controls just don't work for me. The player character simultaneously walks too slow, dashes too fast and far, and fails to feel fluid or natural while constantly being boxed into cramped corridors that constantly betray the dashing mechanic that is your only real method of defending yourself. Many of the upgrades are worthless or come with as many drawbacks as benefits. Combat just isn't fun in this game, and any opportunity to avoid it became my primary solution to most encounters. I don't look forward to fighting enemies, like one should in an action game. In fact, I dreaded them, because virtually every encounter is capable of forcing you into backtracking by killing you in 3 or less hits, and there is no way to refill health items except to find them littered around the game world, of which there is a finite amount of that never respawn. I just don't like playing it."
,Not Recommended,257850,33098714,Posted: 1 July,all,AteBallEight,"Hyper Light Drifter is a game that many roguelike fans will want to buy.I, on the other hand, recommend that you do not buy it. While the trailer and many positive reviews may make it seem like a great game, it has MANY flaws. Here are a few I've pointed out and explained:-Sure, it may look nice in the trailers, but the color palette is all over the place and can be WAY too vibrant at times. Lots and lots of shaders and bloom are used to make the game look so much less bland and bare-bones than it actually is, which is good marketing but very misleading and can cause lots of angry reviews (*ahem*).-It is much shorter than it seems. I beat 1/4th of the game in about an hour, meaning there's 4 hours of gameplay for a 20 dollar game. Sure, you could play it again, but there isn't any replayability or anything. Play it for 4 hours and leave it to rot in your Steam Library for the rest of eternity... totally worth 20 bucks.-Most of the game is boring exploration, which is a huge downer with the awful bright colors in your face. There are many secrets that can be found while exploring, but searching for them can lead to you sacrificing health to dash off of a cliff, hoping there is a hidden platform to no avail.-The music for the game is incredibly out of place at times, and will either be really quiet, or REALLY loud in your ears (headphone warning, no joke). I've only heard like 4 songs, by the way, and I know there are 28 total, so idk. The synth is nice sounding, but really boring music overall.-Combat system is very poorly made. I don't know WHY people are comparing the combat in HLD to Dark Souls, as battles are not defined by skill (like in Dark Souls) but by ability to handle hordes of enemies all attacking you at the same time. The devs made the bad decision to make only a few different types of enemies, and instead of making harder enemies just putting lots of annoying, easy enemies in a small space. This is not fun, just tedious to overcome and proof of laziness. Oh, and you can get easily stunlocked... ♥♥♥♥ you.-Hyper Light Drifter is really confusing. You get almost NO understanding of what is going on and why you are running around killing enemies. The game has no dialogue, and instead explains the story in pictures. This may sound creative and interesting, but it just makes the game confusing. The game breeds on this confusion by being an open world game, so half the time you don't even know if you are going in the right direction. Again, pictures only. Makes you wonder if there even IS a story.I hope you take my advice andforget about this game.FINAL SCORE5/10 Mediocre but definitely not worth the price."
76561198038688690,Not Recommended,257850,22231264,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Zylo,"Hyper light drifter is a game that mistakes difficulty for challenge.It thinks its being mysterious and charming as it obfuscates necessary information from the player but its not. Its being mean spirited and rude which only makes for a frustrating experience as the player tries desperately to solve a puzzle they only have half the pieces to.Sadly, the beautiful art can't save the game from its bad game design."
76561198067984485,Not Recommended,257850,31799885,Posted: 16 May,all,stuff ur face,"This game is good, really good, but has a lot of problems that need to be adressed. Sure its like Dark Souls light like many have said, but that might be giving it too much credit. As the game progresses, there is no expansion to the combat system. Just the same three swings before your character stops attacking. So not only are you stuck with the same basic attack for the entire game but the guns don't really make a difference either. The only thing that really changes as you play is how many med packs you can carry. Sure there are different moves that you can buy for combat, but most of them are useless. I would also say that most activate when I don't mean to do them just because of their combonation orders. I also have a problem with the dashing ability that allows you to ""absorb"" projectiles. I understand that some projectiles can't be absorbed, but the inconsistancy of the ones that can is really annoying.Since there is no real direction for the game, this also hurts it as well. At first I was really interested in the world and what it's story was, but as you play on you realise you learn nothing. Sure there are few pictures but you really figure nothing out. This is really unsatisfying beacue even  when you beat the game, it still doesn't really make any sense. Then, if you watch the behind the scenes of making the game, it just gets even more conveluted. It is almost like the game is alluding to a more interesting story, but never tells it.More gameplay focued complaints are in enemies and their movesets. Starting off with the move sets, I really don't like how some of them work. For instance, some enemies can chain moves together in sequences. This in itself is not bad, but if you are to get hit on the first move in the sequence, then it is possible for you to get hit by all the attacks in the sequence creating a stun lock essentially killing you. Since you can't upgrade how much health you have, there is no way to combat this broblem other than making sure not to get hit. The obvious answer to this could be ""get good"" but if one little slip up could put you back a long ways away then it gets really annoying. The enemie variety is also very sparse for the most part with many reused throughout the game. One of the most annoying enemies for me was a health heavy guy with a machine gun whose bullets seemed to wiggle in the air. This meant that even if I was behind covor, the bullet occasionally hit me because it moves, or wiggled.LIke I said in the beginning, I think this game is actually really good. There are many problems with the game that might stop you from finishing it or trying to find the plethora of secrets the game has to offer. So since I can't expect everyone to put up with the weird problems like enemies hitting you through walls, I cannot reccomend it"
,Not Recommended,257850,29150914,Posted: 9 January,all,Glitches are cool,"The problems with this game are at the core of its being. It feels like it's attempting to be a Dark Souls without doing anything right with the Dark Souls formula--for example, there are no i-frames on anything including the dash, or any recovery after getting knocked down. With no text and no voice, it's up to the player to understand what the symbols of the game might mean and to interpret upgrades through short animations that don't give nearly enough information as to what, exactly, they do. This is mostly a problem for the Dash and Sword upgrades.The world looks interesting and I would love to have figured out what was going on, but other than some vague imagery there's no explanation for why things are bad, or why I'm going to go kill this particular boss, or what the end goal of the main character even is. Speaking of the World, the Map is completely useless and might as well not even be there, only showing a vague approxmation of your location that sometimes contradicts where one as a player would expect to be after traversing through a dungeon.This has promise and interesting ideas. Combat usually feels pretty good, and I like the sword and gun combination. The world is beautiful to look at. There were terrible decisions made about how the game actually plays out, and unfortunately it hurts the game as a whole."
76561198112839538,Not Recommended,257850,31084555,Posted: 11 April,all,colebennett0,"Some caveats:1. I'm playing on keyboard and mouse. Maybe a controller would make this game infinitely better. I don't feel like I should have to learn that about a game after I've bought it. I can't tell how many people are using controllers.2. I'm having lag issues. I've tried fixing them, to no avail. Again, why is it on me to fix problems with a - let's face it - very simple game, when I'm running on hardware that can play other, much more sophisticated games just fine?With those being said, it is incredibly frustrating to get very far in this game. So much depends on lightning-quick mastery of the mechanics of movement. Add in slow performance, bogged down even further at random intervals for no discernible reason, and you're just pulling your hair out. Yes, you often respawn very closely to where you die. But that sequence is *interminably long*. I've played over twenty hours, and beaten only the Eastern Zone boss. I've watched other people beating other bosses, and know wihout a doubt that it would be impossible for me to maneuver like they are. My game tolerates about half that speed. It's ridiculous. I'm quitting while I still have some hair left."
,Not Recommended,257850,25773702,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,FastCrab,"The thing that bugs me the most is that this game discourages risks, instead forcing you to play it safe and use the cheesiest strategies. Instead of improving your offensive strategies, using this awesome dashing ability the game gives you, and all the cool sword moves, you wait, play it safe and avoid risk, because risk is punished without mercy.The enemies can stunlock you. It is a frequent occurance that you can lose 4 or so pips of your 5 pip health all at once without you being able to move or prevent your fate. From attacks that take two pips and knock you back to fall into a pit, take more damage, then respawn and have your character take forever to get up waiting for another blow because of course you're vulnerable since there's no i-frames... seriously this sort of thing happens TOO OFTEN.""Surely that's like a one-time boss-fight situation sort of thing, right?"" you may be wondering. No, this is not at all limited to boss fights, common enemies deal attacks that take two pips, common enemies can stun you, knock you back, anything really. Don't expect i-frames to help you, the game pretty much doesn't use i-frames.""How is this different from dark souls?"" you may also wonder. Well, dark souls gives the player opportunities to defend themselves vis a vis more health and armor, flasks, spells, etc. Without getting too specific, this game affords the player few opportunities to defend yourself and punishes you heavily, often, and without remorse.I'm 90% of the way through the game and I do not want to finish it; it's not rewarding. It's a shame because it's visually enjoyable and the sound design is top-notch."
,Not Recommended,257850,22337477,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,PizzaDeliveryTerrorist,"This game, is nice.This game, is a bit hard.There are too many bugs for a simple game like this one.The gameplay stays quite the same, everywhere.The pixel-art-graphic is very beautiful.The game does not get harder over time, the first boss I fought was the hardest one. (north)The story is ... simple.The items are hard to find, most of them.Bossfights are easier than finding all Items by yourself.This game is not really worth 20€.The framerate is locked at30, AT 30 !!! WTF, WHY? (You can´t change that btw. )This game is probably a 5/10."
,Not Recommended,257850,26593179,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,JASON,There is very little direction so I spend half my time just running around in the same place wondering if I did what I was supposed to do. Other than that this game is pretty cool. Just kind of annoying.
76561198009225440,Not Recommended,257850,28658403,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Silovik,Whoever concocted the control scheme for this had to have been high.
,Not Recommended,257850,24280341,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Luckytime!,"Beyond being a gogeous pixelated masterpeice, it's a game about mastery through trial-and-error.Nothing wrong so far.You start to understand the mistake you made when you realize it's not a game that holds your hand... or even tells you which way to go... or even acknowledges that you bought it.You are literally shown a few pictures with zero context, then thrown into the world and abandoned for the rest of the game. The game says ""thanks for your money jackass!"" and offers you no dialogue, no context, and the worst map system you will ever attempt to use. That's not an exaggeration, it is completely incoherent.Being an indie game, it is naturally plagued with bugs.The combat is so punishing that it's not even fun. Now, some people say ""well the challenge is part of the fun"" but the challenge here is to play literally perfect. Are you up for it? Do you find being in a state of hightened awareness 100% of the time fun? Then boy howdy this is the game for you! If you're looking for a game that gives you a grace period to learn its mechanics then look somewhere else. Again, you either play perfectly, or you die, there is no dynamic gameplay to speak of.Going back a little bit, there's no context. The entire story is given in vague, cryptic illustrations that you're expected to divine the meaning of presumably to have it all link together in the end (I never finished it, I couldn't care less). Why should I care about this guy? In this world I know nothing about? What are his goals? What are his obstacles? All he does is cough every so often and I'm supposed to feel bad for him? No. You haven't given me any reason to finish this game.The game is extremely pretentious and takes itself way too seriously. I know this because it places the burden of enjoyment on my shoulders, and does nothing to fulfill its duty as an entertaining product. IT JUST LOOKS NICE. That's about it. Money down the drain."
76561198236704056,Not Recommended,257850,30889932,Posted: 1 April,all,aznspy002,"As much as I want to fully complete this game, there's honestly no reward besides a nice soundtrack and grinding achievements. I thought it would have the same feeling as Bastion or Transistor, but it does not come close to being comparable besides the visuals and soundtrack. This game is honestly missing a narrator or anything that can talk. Anything to give direction or a backstory to what's happening or happened. I'll go more in-depth on other aspects of the game that are flawed based on my few hours of gameplay. Yes, I did beat the game, but to say I completed it or enjoyed it throughout the game says otherwise through my hours.Controls:The controls for PC feel so unresponsive and delayed. Dashing has a half-second delay and it just feels terrible. Not making it happen immediately just crutched this game dramatically considering that dashing is probably one of the few things making this game unique and the most used ability/mechanic as well. Carpal tunnel is real if you play this game.Combat: Attacking is more spam and luck than timed, coordinated attacks. Maybe I should have played it with a controller as the game suggested, but then it just defeats the purpose of playing on a PC. Trying to combo dashing and attacking is just horrendous. No fluidity at all. It's more going commando and killing the enemy before the enemies wrecks you.Enemies:Pretty much useless. No exp system and a rare coin drop chance (for upgrades) basically means enemies are there to waste time, to unlock rooms (if applicable), or to get lucky with coins. There are rooms where the enemies are going to be easily smashed or just a grinding pain to fight. It's easier and more worth your time to just skip them completely if you can.Bosses:Learn their movements. Check. Try to dash and fail. Check. Keep trying to dash and fail. Check. Congrats you probably died more times than necessary because the dashing is so atrocious. It's sad to say that a samurai mini boss was the hardest out of the other ""main"" bosses and the end game boss is honestly a joke. It's like subbing this game's final boss for mario vs. bowser and putting it against dark souls' bosses.Map:Borderline useless. Hard to tell where you are, where to go, or where you've been. Prepare to walk back and waste time becasue you forgot which room had two paths. But who cares about good map design when you can make the visuals good :^)Hidden Paths:I wouldn't have hated this game's hidden paths if it at least let you know what to look for. I was 80% through the game story wise when I just realized what to look for. All the times I was confused about why I couldn't unlock certain doors or progress further in certain areas was because I  didn't know what to look for. Would've been nice to have something tell me ""Hey, look there, what's that strange symbol on the floor? You'll think it'll lead somewhere?"" - Narrator from Transistor.Overall, this game is not worth $20 or the $10 one-year anniversary price. Maybe one dollar for each hour I played so $5? I'm a visual person, but this game's visuals made no sense to forming any type of story or backstory. Through my eyes, this game is about a guy who is chasing a diamond, but gets wrecked by the end game boss. Somehow, he survives and is on a quest to activate monoliths to defeat the end game boss. That's it. Nothing about how it happened, when it happened, why it happened. The game left out who,when,where,why,how and only gave you the what. But hey, atleast the visuals were good right?"
,Not Recommended,257850,25081279,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,carewolf,"Interesting, but overall pretty boring game. The style is interesting in that you get nothing told and have to discover all mechanics and log or guess/imagine them from the low-res images in game. Unfortunately this also means that you have no idea what you are doing, where you are going, or why should be going there. The game is not super difficult but had difficult sections that are made even more difficult because you have no incentive to pass them because you have no idea what is beyond until you get beyond them, and usually it is just a blinking gem or dingy that you either don't know what does, know what does, but don't care."
76561198051091750,Not Recommended,257850,22346457,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,SURGE HARD,"Final Boss is absolute luck to beat. This game isn't challenging, its just frustrating with its crappy gaming mechanics and the main char which feels gimp to play. Don't bother unless you want to have a huge headache"
76561197970644503,Not Recommended,257850,22246827,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Munkustrap,To hard. waist of money if you just want something fun.
,Not Recommended,257850,33117335,Posted: 1 July,all,DogdaySunrise,"Controller support is broken, workarounds do not work."
76561197988456609,Not Recommended,257850,34015702,Posted: 4 August,all,GreySoul,"This game attempts to soar to the heights of games like the legend of zelda based on minimalist design and dark souls like difficulty but it fails because it forgot how to be fun. If you play a game for 5hrs and never feel like you are having fun that is not a good sign.I tried to quantify what exactly this game is lacking and thought about the minimalist story and instructions but to be honest what story was really in the first zelda games other then get to the end and save the princess. The artistic approach doesn't help because you lack a motivation to keep fighting because you have no story motivating you along however it could have worked if they struck a good balance of hardship and reward. However the design doesn't work that way.You don't beat bosses and get cool weapons and loot you beat hard areas and get fragments of things that you can sell sell in town to get modifications...zelda had you earn a hook shot and a boomberang and bombs...Hyper light seems more intent on carving out a nitch as a hardcore game and forgeting entirely that games are supposed to be fun. You get pieces that earn you cool things instead of cool things  noone wants a peice of silver as an attaboy after a torture dungeon they want a drop.Dark Souls is fun because you have so many options of playing the game and despite the legend of difficulty you have people doing naked runs through it all the time because it is really not about the difficulty as much as the innovative ways to pervert the apperance of difficulty. This game on the other hand is like the redo of Shinobi on playstation or the original Ninja Gaiden. It is hard for the sake of being hard and with no real saving grace other then bragging rights.I don't feel compelled to complete it only to say I am a hardcore gamer. It doesn't make me care or feel like a rewarding experience.The main weapon is not fun as you need to buy abilities to make it even somewhat functional unlike ever single weapon of a variety that is available in dark souls that comes with their own unique  design and attack animations or even the basic weapon in zelda that give you a sword and board that allow you to at least block and throw and interact with enemies in unique ways instead here you are blessed with a simple swipe untill you unlock more of it's functionality.The movement is not fun because you never feel as though there is a clear path of moving through the enemies without taking cheap damage you are often surrounded by tons of fast moving enemies that all swarm you at once like you are playing a bullet hell except this is supposed to be an adventure/action game which again leaves you wondering what the hell the design ethos was other then make their lives as miserable as mine is... and lastly there is no story or interesting/memorable characters. Dark souls is light on story but the memorable NPC quests with the metric ton of optional results give you near infinite replay options. Here you get nothing but a few npc's that remember a few thought baloons full of art that show some destopian nonsense you have not been thematically built up to care about.This is a game that feels like it has earned the right to be obtuse when frankly it hasn't and it never does earn the right to be so lackluster with it's narrative because the artistry doesn't lead to anything at all.You want to get the real story behind this game follow the link I will put here to a Vice video detailing it;                                       (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUT5SBZkVys) Thats it folks the real deal.... the game developer is dying of a heart condition and put himself in his game telling the story of a magician/drifter that is also dying and fighting for a cure.If you are looking for more story I feel like the Vice Documentary video is sadly more rewarding than anything in the game and I feel for the developers condition but sadly he did not make a game that is all that memorable.Adversity as a game mechanic is meaningless if it doesn't reward you with anything or teach you anything and that basic lesson not being on display here is what dissapoints me. You are left feeling bleak and hopeless and in the end utterly frustrated for no reason  again a good metaphor but not a good game. I hope the developer goes on to refine his formula and creates something worth playing in the future this is not. It is the very deffinition of a torture simulator There is a baren world that is a virtual metaphor to the lead developers life and feels about as satisfying as  a novice art exhibit at your local county college.You won't gleefuly be working your way through this one you will be slogging away at it like a 9 to 5 job hoping to get a few silver to finally have some fun only to realize you really don't want to relive the worst parts of your miserable life or anyone elses for that matter, you want to escape and feel a grand power fantasy and unique experiences that frankly this game does not offer in any meaningful way... 4 out of 10....Icarus reached for the sun this game just rolled into the fireplace and called it performance art..."
,Not Recommended,257850,22214334,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Taipei Ching-Chong,Couldn't play this game. It looks super blurry on my 1440p monitor and the 30fps cap makes me motion sick. Such a shame  too because this game looked interesting.
76561198037302509,Not Recommended,257850,29115048,Posted: 8 January,all,tim,"This game has a great art style and atmospheric sound track. Combat is fast and fun. What I didn't like was the lack of an accessible story, painful platforming/timing-based sections, and not having a clear idea of where to go / what to do - while the rarity of health drops and the painful sections previously mentioned tend to discourage exploration. So while there are parts I enjoy, I won't be playing any further than the ~3 hours I've done so far."
,Not Recommended,257850,22218891,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Lyncei,"This game's aesthetics are gorgeous, its wordless storytelling is excellent, its combat is extremely well tuned. I've been looking forward to this game since I first saw it on kickstarter; it was the first kickstarter game I ever got excited for...and I'm getting a refund.The core health system of this game is, for lack of a nicer term, inexcusable. Its a zelda style game with something even worse than a megaman health system. I would consider a megaman health system unideal, but workable, for an exploration based game, but this has created something even more abysmal. To explain: In this game, you have a healthbar, and energy tanks you can find randomly on the map, enemies drop no health, and the only way to refill your health is to backtrack to a warp pad, which exists at a rate of maybe one per area. A large, sprawling area in which you need to backtrack to a warp pad any time you get seriously wounded...because you do not recieve full health after death.Upon death, you are restored with one health, and a constant vibrating heartbeat to remind you you're near dead. There is no way to undo this without backtracking to the starting point to refill your health, or hope you happen across an energy tank, which are few and far between. This is an exploration based game that punishes the player for failure and encourages backtracking every single time you get wounded, because there is no reliable way to recover your health.Megaman gave you full energy upon death, Zelda gave you health drops from enemies, these games which definitely seem to inspire Hyper Light Drifter gave you these concessions because they realized the game slowed to a crawl and lost its sense of enjoyment without this enabling of the player to keep trying.Hyper Light Drifter actively punishes and discourages its players from continuing to play it.Thankfully, Alex Preston has stated that he's willing to rethink some of these mechanics if he recieves reasonable arguments indicating why he should change it. Consider this my argument. I would encourage other players to please also submit similar arguments of your own. Until this is changed, I will be refunding my purchase, and I am very willing to rebuy if Mr. Preston is a reasonable enough man to see why this is a core mechanic that needs reworking."
,Not Recommended,257850,30888553,Posted: 1 April,all,Master Exploder,"You'll be constantly dying because the swordslashes are given to the side your mouse is aiming, not to the side your character is facing. And sometimes, when you fall through the ground, you'll be stuck behind the battle barriers, having to backtrack to the last room, and then come back to see all the enemies you killed respawning.Until the devs don't give an option to sword attack to the side the character is facing, I won't be playing this piece of bad gameplay design"
76561197975176802,Not Recommended,257850,31029343,Posted: 8 April,all,Clem Fandango,"beautiful design and a very clever concept, utterly ruined by incompetent engineering. they could have fixed the problems in this game in a single patch, without the vast majority of balancing changes that they did make. unfortunately they listened to the fanbase who were locked in a furious argument over whether or not it was ""too difficult"", and compromised by attempting to make it ""easier"", just not by very much. there were a handful of very specific aspects of this game's design which were entirely broken, but instead of hunting those down and fixing them, the creators attempted to appease their raging fan-base by softening elements of the challenge that were fine as they were, which reduced the genuine level of challenge while doing nothing whatsoever to reduce the frustration from the things which were broken.lessons to be learnt from this game:1) never let gameplay engineering take a back-seat to aesthetic design2) if you can't work out a clear and simple semantic model for your game's recording of player progression, hire someone who can. otherwise your game will be confusing garbage.3) if you find yourself doing whatever the fans demand, you have already lostdo yourself a favour and buy this game on sale. it's not worth the full price."
76561197986484371,Not Recommended,257850,30971427,Posted: 5 April,all,Upgrayedd,"Frustrating controls are the number one thing wrong with this game.It makes sense at first, but as you play you increasingly feel like their were arbitrary delays built into the buttons to add challenge. Like they built the game, and realized it was way too easy to beat, then in order to make it challenging without having to do much work, they kept upping the timing delays between actions. This is irritating.  Especially when a boss can take you from full health to nothing, because your inability to move away feels like a stun lock. This is in a game where zipping around is the theme. Imagine old 64-bit top-down Zelda where you die over and over like Dark Souls.The only thing I felt from the halfway point till the end was the need to finish it so I could uninstall it."
,Not Recommended,257850,22255367,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,bluefluke,"This game is a f***ing mess. Bad controls, a useless map and artificial difficulty spikes out of nowhere, all the graphics in the world can’t salvage this train wreck."
,Recommended,257850,33889164,Posted: 29 July,all,ムゲン ☄,"Really good game that's really hard.Recommend a controller and headphones or good speakers to experience the true beauty of this game.I wish that some of the acheivements were easier to get, the 800 dash combo one was pretty BS and frankly I don't see the point for spending hours practising something that isn't really usfeful  just to get all achievements as a completionist.In short, it's a pixel Dark Souls-esque game with a beautiful soundtrack and very challenging combat.9/10"
76561198001604677,Recommended,257850,23090967,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,oscar,"me and my gay bf (i'm straight but it's 2016 this happens sexuality is fluid get off the internet and see for yourself) play this game coop and it has really improved our ability to last more than five minutes in a room together. we havent spoken in two years. we play this game in between individual passes of a football and singular sips of beer. i have been drinking the same beer since this game hit the steam ""shelves"". log10(T+) out of a possible 45%. points off because sometimes we fall off the map when it's not clear when there's an edge hidden behind a wall"
,Not Recommended,257850,24189587,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mentasm,"So yes, this game is a work of art. Beautiful and enigmatic, but I can honestly say that this is to a fault.  The cinematic glimpses that peer into the world are mysterious, but the extreme lack of direction with secrets all over the place make it difficult for me to pick this up and play after a few sittings.I don't regret the purchase but I'll have to seriously dedicate the mental effort to try and play HLD again.Gameplay is somewhat satisfying but on the difficult side. Visuals and soundtrack are polished and gorgeous as I've said.Perhaps I just need to throw more time into it, I dunno. Not an easy thing to do for this one!I'd recommend this as a sale price game."
76561198019550271,Not Recommended,257850,32399780,Posted: 13 June,all,obstructor,"Bought this game because everyone says its one of those amazing games.I don't know if I have just changed over the years, but this game didn't really click for me.  Perhaps the overall story is something interesting but the moment to moment combat didn't really capture me.I probably should have watched a youtube video or two on the game first, the very short trailers don't really capture what the gameplay is like.Someday I may come back and finish this game, upon which perhaps I will recommend it, but currently I don't."
,Not Recommended,257850,32519031,Posted: 17 June,all,Major Maple,"This game is amazing from what I've played, but a patch made it so it crashes on launch. My efforts so far to fix it are inconclusive, I've spent more time trying to fix it than I have in the game.I really wish I could play it."
43246387232228364,Recommended,257850,30808432,Posted: 28 March,all,ecaps,Get this game.
76561197998829826,Not Recommended,257850,22213567,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,PigsR4Eating,"I think this is a great game. I like the art, the music is good, LOVE the combat and movement. But, the map is TERRIBLE and finding  ""objectives"" can be impossible at times. I feel my time with the game very quickly going from enjoyable to not. I have been roaming the same area for hours fidning neither my objective nor anything new. I have beaten North and East bosses and am trying to beat the West area."
,Recommended,257850,22190932,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Arrakis,Rrrrhhhh it's too hardddd.
76561198006652822,Not Recommended,257850,23994426,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,B. Arner,Love the art style. Everything else is meh.Chain dash is ridiculous and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. I refuse to spend hours learning how to do it. There is no way to do it reliably other than to use a script. Asked for a refund.
,Not Recommended,257850,22222512,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Human Cheesecake,The kickstarter stuff isn't in the game.The SNES demake is never coming out even if this game gets enough profits to afford it.This is the future you chose.
,Not Recommended,257850,22221086,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,jaylittle,"Honestly?  This game looks great and it sounds great.  But what it demands of players is unrelenting perfection on every single challenge the game throws at them.  Fail to reach that goal? Try again.  The problem here is that the game itself is far from perfect,  The control scheme sucks.  The hit detection is wonky at best.  The game mechanics are very fluid and not consistent.  This makes what could've been a great game into an insanely frustrating experience and one that unfortunately I'm not up to dealing with at the moment. Perhaps one day they will patch it and fix these issues.  Until then - I'm out."
,Not Recommended,257850,22209264,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nisk,"Wonderful theming and art direction let down by woefully underwhelming controls and game mechanics. Hyper Light Drifter fails to deliver on the core aspect of fun with frustrating combat, obtuse level design, and a world wholely lacking of reason or purpose.Recommendation: Go play FEZ for your exploration fix instead."
,Not Recommended,257850,27720438,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Naughtypuppy,"The art (which I loved in the trailer) is hit or miss, and can cause game play problems:- Skip around through a game play video in full screen.  There are some great sections, but far more mediocre and bland sections.- It's cool to wonder if you can go through a waterfall to a hidden passage.  It's not cool to wonder if that *is* a waterfall.  There are a lot of critical details that are left missing, or art that is sloppy and ambiguous.The level design lacks polish, and includes more bumping into walls and backtracking than it should:- The game has a slow start and sends you running around without much purpose for 15+ minutes.- There is a lot of bumping into walls and backtracking because you can't clearly see where you should be.- You are introduced to teleporting and large cities before you can make use of either.- You are given a floating assistant just to help show you what can be interacted with.- The HUD requires a button press to display.Combat is ok, but doesn't make up for the rest of the game's flaws- Combat is definitely challenging, and you'll likely need to heal after your first handful of encounters (which take a while to get to)- I didn't feel especially rewarded after any given fight.  No treasure drops, no exp, no money...I just got to live to fight some more."
76561198093947369,Not Recommended,257850,22211516,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ImWarg,"game wont load on first go.   I havent played the game yet, but i am compelled to write a review.   This trend in video games to take old classics and improve them with new advancements is the best thing to happen to gaming sincce....  i dunno,  ever?  ie. helldivers (better twin stick shooter). Grim dawn (better diablo). tower climb (better solomons key), and i could go on forever you know what i mean.  All this time  (cant wait for chasm, the better metroidvania) i have been waiting for someone to to a better legend of zelda.  please let this be it.played the game now.  let down.  i played under an hour.   as i play i am aware that i payed 17.99 for this and it plays like a 4.99 budget game.  this game is art.  i am looking for a game.  for 17.99 i cant even hang it on my wall."
,Not Recommended,257850,31312490,Posted: 22 April,all,Agent X506,"Hyper Light Drifter is a subtly flawed game, in all the most annoying ways possible.TLDR:**********Pros:++ Very pretty to look at.+ Combat is fast, frenetic. Mostly enjoyable.+ Regular secrets (health packs, money) are hidden well, but usually have some sort of indicator, if you're paying attention.Neutral:Story is pretty average. Nothing you haven't seen before.Lore and worldbuilding is fine, supposing you can actually find it.Cons:-- Quick deaths + Pointlessly long respawn animations = Super annoying.-- Having a game with essentially no words makes things unneccesarily hard, e.g no explanation for important gameplay mechanics.- Game is quite short.- Dash mechanic is counterinuitive, annoying to use, and requires too much precision to chain (on Keyboard+Mouse anyway).- Super-secrets (equipment/costumes, keys, lore) are hidden too well (not in a good way) and mostly rely on trial and error to find. No indicators that I could see.- Invisible platforms (that require you to jump on them to find) + Taking damage for falling into the abyss = Punishes exploration.**********I consider myself fairly savvy when it comes to picking up things from context alone - If I were watching a mystery movie with friends, I'd be the one explaining what just happened in that pivotal scene that no-one else understood. Hyper Light Drifter, however, is so intent on sticking to it's artistic 'no words' theme that the gameplay actively suffers because of it.The lack of words, at first, was cute. Until it extended to the shop screens, equipment menus, and everything else that actually needs words:Did you know that the alternate costumes actually affect your stats? I didn't.Did you know that dash combos need to be executed to within about 50ms of accuracy? The game didn't tell me that important tidbit before (or even after) I bought that upgrade (nearly pointless, don't get it). More on this dash later.Did you want to figure out whether buying a grenade is a permanent upgrade or a one-use item? Too bad. (Hint: It's permanent.)The list just goes on - in fact, this problem is so bad that I actually missed an entire gameplay mechanic: All over the world there are these locked doors, I hadn't found any keys or anything, so I simply presumed that it had some metroidvania influences (after all, the first area has a super-high level locked door that you're clearly supposed to come back to). I went through the entire game thinking that I would eventually find some keys to open those doors, maybe after the first story arc. No, no. They're just hidden around the place in super-secret areas. Not that the game tells you any of this.Hidden so well, apparently, that even my secret-hunting self never even find asingle one(out of about 20) during my ten hours of gameplay. Oh, and the first story arc? That's the entire game. Don't expect a huge new world after the four temples or anything.I found plenty of other secrets though, like that time I thought there was a hidden area over there, so I threw myself into the abyss, over and over, trying to find any invisible platforms (the game seems to love having random invisible platforms with no sort of indication as to where they are or why they're there), or that other time I threw myself into the abyss looking for invisible platforms and found a secret area. Or that other time a threw myself into the abyss looking for secret platforms.Do you see a pattern here? This wouldn't even be so badif you didn't take off a fifth of your health every time you jumped off a ledge.Especially considering the rarity of health pickups, it's literally a game of ""Do I want to whittle all of my health packs away looking for secret platforms, or do I want to beat the game?"".If you're going to put invisible platforms everywhere, then it's simply not fair to punish me for looking for them!Speaking of whittling away health, the first time I died, I was taken aback by how quickly I went from alive to dead - that's great, I love the high-damage low-health style of twitch action! Okay, so let's- no, he's still getting up. Okay now we can- no, still getting up. Okay. Maybe... Finally, now we can get back into they fray.In case you missed that:1) Quick to die.2) Slow animation every time you respawnCan you see how that might be one of the worst combinations you can have in a video game? It's absolutely infuriating.The combat itself, is mostly enjoyable, with a certain frenetic pace that leaves you struggling to keep up. It's great. It would have been fantastic, were it not for the dash mechanic:The dash mechanic lets you dash in any direction (wow, never could have guessed), and as you would expect, you can get certain upgrades for it throughout the game. For example, you can get an upgrade that lets you dash through projectiles without taking damage. Until you reach this shop though, the game doesn't tell you how your dash works with regards to projectiles. For the first half hour I was trying to figure out if I could dash through projectiles without being hit, since most games simply have the dash as a short invincibility period while you move. That's a bit annoying, I guess. That could have been fixed easily, had the developers not been deathly afraid of words.Although, this is not the full story, because I noticed that I still occasionally took damage when I dashed through projectiles. At first I thought it was that you could only dash through some projectiles - this wasn't mentioned anywhere though (how could it be? There's about three words in the entire game). Maybe it was something else. I did some experimenting and discovered you can only block projectiles if they are near you at the beginning of your dash. If the projectile was closer to your dash destination than your initial position, then you would take damage as usual. ♥♥♥♥ing. infuriating.Of course, it goes without saying that this isn't documented anywhere.On a related note, the dash ability has a short cooldown after you do a single dash or break a dash chain. This would be fine, but the cooldownalso applies to trying to start another dash chain. (I know what you're thinking. That's sounds like a nitpick, but if you play this game, you'll know how annoying this is as soon as you try to chain your dashes). This leads to an awkward and unintuitive system where screwing up not only ends your dash chain, but also prevents you from starting another one, so your character just sits there while you're mashing the dodge button. This means that if you get a rhythm for your dash chain going, and then ♥♥♥♥ up, you'll end up doing a whole bunch of single dashes with these stupid pauses inbetween. Again, this would be fine, if the dash chain didn't require an almost inhuman level of timing to pull off, you can break a dash chain by being less than 40ms off, at 60fps, you need to be accurate down totwo frames.How could I possibly know this, you ask? Because the game has an absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t challenge of chaining 800(!) dashes together. That's almost a solidthree minutesof dashing. Why the hell would anyone ever want to do that?  I got to about 200 dashes and I was bored out of my mind. So I just set up a macro to do it. I had to figure out the exact timing (for anyone curious, I had success with spaceDown, 100ms wait, spaceUp, 140ms wait). After that, I realised how absolute BS this challenge was.After all this, you might argue that 'gameplay is secondary to the story!', and for this kind of game, I would completely argee. Too bad the story is super basic too. Semi-spoiler: It's just another 'unseal the forgotten evil so you can finally kill it for good' sort of story. Really nothing you haven't seen before. The world-building is alright, there's enough little side-stories that make you believe that this world is actually inhabited by people, but it's not extraordinary or anything."
76561198120416269,Not Recommended,257850,32308084,Posted: 9 June,all,Smuc Muck,"Very on the fence about this, completed this in 6 hours and beat the final boss in three tries.l if you skin the fat of this game, its a simply beautiful shallow fighter. There is no cohesive story really, the only cutscene is jawdropping. There are only four areas, excluding the town. Only get on a sale, and play this game in one sitting, lots of reviews will lead you to think this game is long."
,Not Recommended,257850,33106837,Posted: 1 July,all,Evitcartta,"Beautiful pixel art and stunning color schemes aside, this game is a giant mess. I read the info on the game and thought ""Oh, no dialogue that sounds like an interesting approach"" not knowing that there isn't a single line of text in the entirety of the game except the intro where it tells you how to check your HUD. Dropped into a game where nothing is explained, picking up random things and then given no explaination as to what they are for or what they do. This was a horrible approach. The controls using keyboard and mouse feel clunky and unfriendly for the user. Chaining together your dash (Which is essential to get to certain areas) is an unforgiving hell you're subjected to when using keyboard and mouse. To make feasible progress in the game one must find numerous hidden areas hinted to you by either little visual queues like marks on the floor or a little ring sound (not easily heard through the LOUD music) to collect these little golden ticket things to upgrade your abilities or life bar, or how much health packs you can carry. the game artificially adds hours of ""play time"" (DUBIOUS USE AT BEST) by forcing you to redo certain areas over and over to try and find the secret areas.All said, the original concept of no dialogue seemed interesting in theory but the final execution of it seemed lazy, unintuitive keyboard and mouse controls makes the game hard to immerse yourself into as you are constantly fighting against the games poor controls to get the best out of it, dozens and dozens of secret areas might be an explorers dream, but the fact that they're required for game progression rather than being used to reward players who go the extra step is absurd and obnoxious. 2/10 just because the game is visually stunning."
,Not Recommended,257850,26424807,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Fyuchanick,"This game sounds really cool in theory. Beautiful graphics, a nice ambient soundtrack, the ability to refill your pistol ammo by using your sword, and a game that seems like it would be very fast-paced and intense. However, there are two major flaws that make me not want to play it.- Controls. For the most part, the controls feel great. However, there are two main complaints I have about the controls, one for keyboard and mouse, and one for controller. For keyboard and mouse, the dashing is absolutely horrible, since you have to use the mouse to aim your dash, but the spacebar to activate it. This makes dashing nearly impossible even outside of combat, just to get over the many small gaps the game places in your path. However, you might be saying, ""Well they DO tell you to use a controller"". And the controller is just as bad, but for the pistol instead of the dash. While you can merely right click where your cursor is to shoot and aim with keyboard and mouse, controller makes you use the movement joystick while holding LMB to shoot and aim, then press RMB. This means you need to completely stop moving to aim, rendering the pistol useless in combat.- Health. Healthkits are limited, meaning if you use too many, screw you. You either have to go without health or restart. Because of how the pistol works on controller, you have to get close to enemies to hit them as well, making you have to take damage sometimes. This can make the game literally impossible to beat if you do the wrong thing at the wrong time."
,Not Recommended,257850,22319428,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,lolwhat,30 fps? no ty
76561198073459673,Not Recommended,257850,22208347,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,WallMixer( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"This game has crashed on startup Five out of Five times, on both my computers."
,Not Recommended,257850,22247296,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,LittleArsonist,"Hyper Light Drifter is a beautiful game, with somewhat decent fluid combat.However, with the lack of dialougue, a proper tutorial, and a hard to grasp upgrade/store system. It lands a solid 4/10 for me. Art style, amazing, combat could be better, but the above just kills it.If this game is reworked and gains any of the above, I'd be much happier to reccommend it and to play it. However at the time, I wandered around for 2 hours confused as all Hell.Not worth the $18 asking price. Save your money and save up, purchase Enter the Gungeon or Dark Souls 3 over this!"
,Not Recommended,257850,22207537,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Stuardx,"So, I bought this game for a little trip of mine, to burn time and have a little fun. I looked at the system requirements and my laptop should have to run it just fine (WIn10, 8gb ram, i7 and a gt610m2GB). To my surprise after I finished the ""tutorial"" I woke up to a silky smooth 5-4 fps inside the house and after playing for a bit more, I realized that every time I went indoors, the frame rate droped very drastically. Wierd because on the open world I got a steady frame rate. It's a huge problem and it completly took away the fun from the game. I want to know If this is getting fixed or if I should just refound my 20$ back. Shame this game looked like a lot of fun. I recommend the game, but only when this gets fixed or when they change the system requirements to the proper ones, of a game with such graphical demands, as crazy as that sounds like, because it looks like a retro late 80's game."
76561198055517936,Not Recommended,257850,31368939,Posted: 25 April,all,BubblesRRJ,"SPOILERS BELOW; You have been warned!If I could give this game a neutral recommendation, I would wholeheartedly do so. I'd give it a solid 5/10: The graphics are beautiful, the scenery breathtaking, and the gameplay was fresh. The art design was by far the most compelling aspect of the game.But this game isn't for everyone, especially a gamer like me. I'm not a gamer who plays on Insanity. I'm not a gamer who focuses on how satisfactory the gameplay mechanics are. I'm a gamer who looks for a good story. I look for an adventure with a rewarding premise, and I expect a positive payoff for my emotional investment. I expect the heroes to win, the villains to fall, and the prize to be won. I expect kingdoms to be rebuilt, or at least an implication that a people will be able to pick up the pieces and begin anew. But most of all, I expect the player character to live. If you are a gamer like me, and you have similar expectations from the games you play, this game is NOT for you. I enjoyed the secret-hunting elements, I enjoyed what little character development you are able to glean from the minimalist storytelling - I was even able to enjoy some of the brutally punishing boss fights presented throughout the Drifter's journey. But all of that amounts to absolutely nothing when you see the person you've been playing as, who has been fighting for his life the entire game, lying stone-cold frozen dead at the endgame. The entire point of the game is horrifically and heartwrenchingly defeated in what I would consider an ending on par with that of Final Fantasy XV. For gamers like me, I cannot in good honesty recommend that in any capacity. It was a solid find for the discounted price I paid, but in retrospect, I wouldn't have so much as touched Hyper Light Drifter. I'm not saying it's a terrible game; it's just not a game for a gamer like me."
,Not Recommended,257850,31139174,Posted: 14 April,all,yarn.hempscorn,"The first thing this game tells you is that you should be using an XBOX 360/One or PS4 controller to play it. It promises OS X compatibility and controller support.I use OS X and an XBOX One controller. It connects via Bluetooth. It's the only controller connected and it's the only thing connected at all via Bluetooth. It works in Big Picture, and it works in other games. This game refuses to recognize it.Linux users have similar problems. There have been controller issues the entire time this game has been available and there's no indication that anyone is even trying to fix them at this point. If you don't use Windows, this game is probably not playable for you if you want to use a controller. Since they've clearly designed the game around using a controller, this is pretty annoying."
76561198119076730,Not Recommended,257850,22225033,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,LCPL Teo,"This game is not worth the money. i bought this on discount and if it were a person, id hunt it and slaughter it. This game is worth maybe $5 at most its got a 10 minute opening that you cant do much with and no talking just pictures and its just not that fun. Spend your money on something good. maybe itll be good if it werent 20 bucks"
,Not Recommended,257850,22805683,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Morkys_streamland,"The Good:-Beatiful, maticulously crafted pixel art world. Every pixel feels like it was put there by hand.-Easy to learn, difficult to master controls.-Intuitive controller mechanism.-Storytelling without words or dialogue, all imagery.The Bad:-The chain-dodge mechanic is unforgiving at best.-One boss in particular gives zero ♥♥♥♥s and will kill you repeatedly, in an unfair fashion.-The map is less than intuitive.The Ugly:-There is an ridiculous amount of cut content from the game.-Kickstarter backers who paid upwards of $1000 to support the game were promised their own boss built from their ideas, but it never happened.-80% of the content that is shown in the first trailer IS NOT IN THE GAME.-The game feels incredibly short.-I was expecting metroidvania powerups to unlock secrets/progress in the game. everything can be done with a gun and dodging, which you can do from the beginning.Conclusion:-I had high hopes for this game, but its features do not hold up to its beauty.-It is not worth $20"
76561198052988801,Not Recommended,257850,32911479,Posted: 27 June,all,Nivvy,At least in Dark Souls they spawn you in where you can take a hit.  Can't play co-op with girlfriend if you get stuck in the awful situation where you spawn with one health and have used a majority of the health in the area.  I'm sure its a fun single player experience but the multiplayer feels tacked on when it shouldn't.
,Recommended,257850,22158249,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Fund,Incredible game so far. Super challenging and very tight controls.
76561198012595059,Not Recommended,257850,22247364,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Aksel Rose,"Imagine going back and playing zelda ocarina of time, but with much much much worse graphics. That is this game."
,Recommended,257850,22157686,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,KAMEN,"MAC OS - Sound bug, then game crush :C"
,Recommended,257850,22158193,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Waverly,Yepyepyep.
76561198127243490,Recommended,257850,32658704,Posted: 22 June,all,my guy,.
,Not Recommended,257850,25938321,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Aesthetic Octahedron,"Good game, but bad performance issues. I can't recrommend it in it's current state."
,Recommended,257850,24449921,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Rico2,800 ♥♥♥♥ing dashes
76561198086285769,Recommended,257850,30800161,Posted: 28 March,all,Rokket,ver noicehad to refund to pay someone back someone tho :( someone pls gift it to me <3
,Recommended,257850,22820368,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,.minty,Jontron: 10KEK
76561198044439770,Not Recommended,257850,22252184,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Kuelpe,"I have waited for this game for 2 years. I wanted it. I'm happy to have it.I love the way he looks. I love the colors, i love the level / character design, i love the way things are said with pictures, how you can do the levels in the order that you chose, i love the map, i love the hidden things, i love the money system... If i had to only watch the game, i'd be fully satisfied.But the gameplay have some flaws, witch make some fights really hard, especially boss fights.-----------------------------------------------------Three problems to me :1) No invulnerabily frames : if you're touched, especially by a boss, you're stun, or put down, but you still take damages, and the attacks keep going. So if you're touched one single time, you're probably dead.2) You're no invulnerable during a dash. You never are. Would make a great fight system, but the dash is just a way to move faster, not a dodging stuff like the rolls we have in Dark Souls. Too bad :(3) The healing time is reaaaaally too slow. Takes 2 seconds to trigger, and 2 others before your health bar is full and you can move (you will be touched during this time). This is way too long in these super speed boss fights.-----------------------------------------------------Few little bugs I forgive (also, the save system looks good to me, everybody hates it...).Plus these bugs can help you beat the game sometimes, but never blocks or bother you.I can't reccomend the game as is, because he makes me RAGE so much, i do not wish that rage to anyone. This is too hard. You can think i'm a noob. I think some deaths i had in the game were unfair.This is too bad, because the game have so many things to offer...If you love unfair challenge, and if you're not afraid to rage, try it."
76561198060468443,Not Recommended,257850,34822329,Posted: 8 September,all,Movantic Moment,too frustrating to enjoyespecially the southern zone♥♥♥♥ the southern zone
76561197982345110,Not Recommended,257850,22232843,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Lioncash,"Pros - Highly vibrant pixel graphicsCons - Everything else.Terrible control system unless using control pad.Terrible story - Very difficult to understand/follow alongTerrible NPC system which is confusing and misleading. Why create such an enigma for easily explainable features?Missing CO-OP. This game FEELS and LOOKS like it is designed for CO-OP yet I read this feature was removed, probably down to monetary cost.Price - OVER PRICED. Stardew Valley offers me 60 hours of content for nearly half the cost. Sorry but an $18 price tag for a game like this is too high, I would say the same for companies like Nintendo but Zelda offers easily 30+ hours of content too instead of this measily 6 hours...Overall, 4/10 would not play again."
,Not Recommended,257850,30867800,Posted: 31 March,all,Novaprince,No online co-op incuded :/
76561197989740730,Not Recommended,257850,31307447,Posted: 22 April,all,OWLS,"Certainly not worth the $20 asking price.  Glad I got it on sale.  Very short, very lacking in content.I like the visuals, music, and gameplay, but there just isn't enough of it to justify the price."
76561198034134159,Not Recommended,257850,30894928,Posted: 2 April,all,Wonderferkel,"Bad mechanics, stupid delay on whatever you do be it attacking, dodging or anything else, essentially you have to take hits or keep dodging for minutes at a length to wait for an opening. This is stupid. What good is a bloody dodge when the avatar needs to pause for half a second in which I could cover the same distance walking normally? Badly, badly done with horrendously stupid controls, no matter if you play mouse/keyboard or controller. If a game becomes challenging because its controls are bloody stupid, then it's a bad game, imho."
,Not Recommended,257850,33202942,Posted: 3 July,all,SarumansBeard,Steam say game supports Online Co-Op.But it doesn't.
,Not Recommended,257850,22874351,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,HADOUKEN,Game is extremely difficult. No way to make it easier either. Got my refund before it was too late. This game looks and feels amazing but the overwhelming mechanics make it difficult to enjoy when you keep dying to one of the first bosses.
,Not Recommended,257850,29550068,Posted: 28 January,all,hematosis,"Combat is fun, but just about everything else is meh. Map is pretty bad, and the game is extremely cryptic."
,Not Recommended,257850,28093422,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,DayHark,"Hydrant Limabean DickherderOr... I can put three words together for a titlethe game.One of those RPGs where you should wait for an enemythat you can't get past to start your upgrades.Or try a different area.The game centers around the idea ofmovement and combat.Exploration is secondary.++++Lots  of secretsCool art (almost an overload visually)Timing attacksDoesn't explain itself, lets the player fill in the blanks for the storyColorful art hides a dark worldGame encourages multiple playthroughsAlternate skinsDon't need to be fully upgraded to beat the game- - - -Most secrets were either hidden visually behind a tree canopy, or marked with a symbol^^^Got bland after awhile^^^Character kept getting stuck on certain surfaces due to camera angle and strangely placed objectsArbitrary wait times after death due to animationSome optional content is just plain stupid/ ridiculous to ask of the player^^^500 dashes my god... I want clever secrets, not time wasters^^^Guns don't get a lot of use in combat, it doesn't help that it pulls a resident evil and stops movement when aiming.^^^Probably just my playstyle, there is a quick fire option for all guns^^^Is a linear experience on the first playthroughEvery upgrade serves only one purpose, and some upgrades overlapDefault control scheme begs you to accidentaly hit the heal button* * * *Hyper Light Drifter is called a Legend of Zelda clone, this feels wrong to me andstrangely, it's feels closer to Bloodbourne than any other ""RPG"" on the market.The game is not focused on loot, or specific items. Just character ability.There is no level progression system.I would say this game is:Top TierGoodDecentAlrightMehBad# # # #HINTRight, Up, Left, Down"
76561198077049305,Not Recommended,257850,22215522,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,DJ BonTray,"Can't launch in my ThinkPad T440P. It shows ""not responding"" then crash. BTW, my OS is win10."
76561198046277314,Recommended,257850,22157586,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Captain_Narwhal,This Game is Fantastic!!
,Not Recommended,257850,22204746,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bruce the Shark,"Overall: While this game looks aesthetically pleasing, that is also it's greatest downfall. While the combat is satasfying, during intense battles, coupled that with a lot of unnecessary camera shakes, it can be hard discern you/danger from environments."
76561198017090939,Not Recommended,257850,25794432,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,WTVR,SOOOO Beautiful and intriguing but controls with the mouse are too clunky for it to be really playable. Beat a boss after much problems but even low level fights soon become impossible. It should let you know ahead that you need a controller.
,Not Recommended,257850,25795413,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,BlooperGman,"If the controls were similar to Enter the Gungeon, aiming & shooting the gun would be viable and it would be 10x easier to dodge as well."
76561197998275430,Not Recommended,257850,33475604,Posted: 12 July,all,Simurgh,"Great art style and soundtrack. Combat is very repetitive and the controls are sluggish. On an action game like this a total killer for me.A few annoying bugs where you fall through floors, get stuck in objects or go through walls. Enough to ruin the experience for me but ymmv."
76561198124568750,Recommended,257850,34849271,Posted: 9 September,all,Ahlerich,your mom gay lol
,Not Recommended,257850,22210116,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Pier,"The art, the world, and the atmosphere are original and pure awesomeness. Sadly the gameplay is too repetitive with some severe difficulty spikes which ruin the game."
,Not Recommended,257850,22247806,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,5 years of wasted money,"God ♥♥♥♥ing no i cant recommend this game, i wanted to love it i really did,there is zero expostion, and zero direction, where do i go? what do i do? I WOULDNT KNOW!!!the characters you meet only have these slideshows to show you for dialog that dont explain much.the controls are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and if you run out of medkits in combat gg your♥♥♥♥♥is grass, over and over and over again.im all for difficult games but this is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.the graphics are stunning the music is dreamy, thats the only plus.the interface is confusing the upgrades are confusing the game is ♥♥♥♥ing confusing.I REALLY WANTED TO LOVE THIS GAME MIGHT I ADD AGAIN.but it royally♥♥♥♥♥♥on my hopes and dreams, 4/10 because graphics and music."
76561198070471128,Not Recommended,257850,30823992,Posted: 29 March,all,Lord. Farquaad,"Good game but false marketing. It says multiplayer, and it doesnt do multiplayer :(... devs dont mess with peoples emotions like this, I bought this so me and my cuz can play online together :/ Im giving this a thumbs down until u make it online or remove those tags."
76561198095924054,Not Recommended,257850,31080315,Posted: 11 April,all,FusionJay,"I wanted to luv this game, its combat system is awesome but what completely turned me off was the navigation aspect of it. I've gotten lost so many times, circling around the entire map trying to figure where exactly do I need to go or do. I was told to continue exploring but with the map so damn confusing I couldn't progress any further especially when I encountered obstacle or road blocks that prevented me from doing so. Good luck to those who wish to give it a chance and I hope you have an easier time than I. This game rubbed me the wrong way, so I'm just going to uninstall and put this bad experience behind me, also coop is only local."
,Not Recommended,257850,27323214,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Lamppost,"It can get interesting, but for me it got awfully boring, tiring and confusing."
76561197970701643,Recommended,257850,25732480,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,Like Zelda but pretentious.
,Not Recommended,257850,28548005,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,DaGarebear,"You shoud know this is a bullet hell, not adventure, or Zelda, or a platformer, or anything else, and the footage is incredibly deceptive, astonishingly the reviews as well, if you don't like frenetic bullet hell style games you should be aware."
,Not Recommended,257850,28398429,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Whiteheadgames,"while I did injoy the game for a short while, there are some glaring problems with the game.Input stacking, while not terrible, it can be the cause of you failling to your death in the middle of combat.no I-frames, meaning that even when you spawn from a fall, you still can take damage, the dash only has I-frames for the middle of the dashenemy start up frames are inconsistant, an enemy will do a 180 and attack in the middle of a dash or, will wait to charge directly after a dash from across the room.personaly I find this to be unfair and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in some cases, however, the game is still interesting and the sound track is great. but even darksouls is fairer than this"
76561198206884053,Not Recommended,257850,29234474,Posted: 13 January,all,thelonerunner96,"This game feels like a joke sometimes, seemingly impossible to know what to do  and where to find things that you need to find because it doesn't clearly tell you. It's not a bad game but to me there's no way it's worth 20 dollars. I wish there was a better way to know where you have and haven't been. And yes I realize it's supposed to be more like the games of the 90s but with that being said every time I play this game I realize how thankful I am that the gaming community has moved past this type of gaming. How is it good if you have to watch youtube videoes just to simply progess in the game? To me there was really no option because rather than giving you clues it kicks you in the balls. I can't really say that I regret buying it but it is undoubtable that it is frustrating in a way that it shouldn't be frustrating. This game is not worth 20 bucks."
,Not Recommended,257850,28740313,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gordon Ramsay,"Upon seeing the art and cover for this game, I was attracted to it immediately. With the look and feel of a classic Zelda game, where could you go wrong? Well in many places. The gameplay is very solid and challenging, reminding me a tad bit of dark souls, and the controls are very responsive. The level design, the music, the sounds are just simply amazing. Though I had absolutely no clue whatsoever what the story was, who I was playing as, what was going on and what I was supposed to be doing. With that being said, that's why I can't play this game. So basically, it's very much like Dark Souls but at least Dark Souls actually lets you know what the hell it's about. The story might as well not even be there since there's nothing to tell you about it."
76561198025023033,Not Recommended,257850,33580111,Posted: 16 July,all,Rooster Princess,"The bosses are way too hard to be enjoyable. I'm a busy guy, I have limited time to play games, I would have really appreciated a way to make those bosses a bit easier so that I could get on with the rest of the game, which I was really enjoying. It does your 'hardcore' types no harm to include a difficulty setting. Using the keyboard and mouse, I never really felt like I was fully in control of the character - definitely requires a controller."
,Not Recommended,257850,23230175,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Bajax,"I hate games like this-- so easy to get lost in, and not in a good way.  I've spent so much time in this game not getting anywhere, searching historied corridors that, for all their polish and craftsmanship, end up all looking and feeling the same.Paths don't look like paths-- I'm not even talking about secret areas, but just ""the way to go"" is so badly communicated.  There's nothing that clearly delineates ""You can walk here"" versus ""this is an impassable barrier, or ""this is a switch"" versus ""this is a weird lantern we put here for effect.""  The camera often makes you think there are walls where there aren't, making things that should be obvious escape yourI suppose the worst thing is that the map is so extremely confusing as to be nigh on useless.  Your player icon does not reflect your actual position in the world. It's placed in the center of the ""room"" you're in, even on the overworl.  This would be fine, but the map is drawn as if it were an actual place, and there's nothing that tells you where one ""room"" ends and another begins.  Even when you understand this system, it will be no help in figuring out how to get from one place to another.  Most areas will have an ""underworld"" section, composed of tunnels and rooms beneath the main area.  There are many doors between the two, but they are not well reflected on the map.  So often, I've checked my map a few times, sure I'd finally found the way to get to some vital tunnel that had the diamond shape I had to collect, activate, or deactivate, only to find my player icon had jumped in the exact opposite direction I wanted to go-- I apparently wasn't anywhere near where I thought I was on the map.From interviews with the developers, it's apparently modeled on games like Legend of Zelda, but I'd suggest they take another look.  Zelda managed to communicate so much more than this game does-- doors look like doors, switches look like switches, and while they often took the freedom to mix things up and do artistic things,  they didn't let it overwhelm their game's visual language.  This game doesn't really have a language, other than the vague red and green highlights, which may or may not indicate something you can interact with.The combat is fun from what I've seen of it, and the world and feel of the game are awe-inspiring, but the horrible navigation just spoils it for me.  I've spent enough time retracing and retracing my steps in games since long ago.  Not something I need anymore.I'm going to have to call it quits, and not recommend this game.  Here's hoping their sophomore effort is better.Edit:After looking up video walkthroughs to get me to the *vital game-progression items*, I was missing, it only affirms my negative review.   It's a bunch of pixel-hunting shenanigans, trying every single wall to see if just maybe, this is the one that takes you to what you're looking for on the other side of the map.  This is the kind of stuff I thought game creators learned was bad in the 90s.I don't dislike clever puzzles, I don't dislike a challenge, I would have actually preferred if it didn't have so many save points, but the one thing I can't forgive a video game for is wasting my time."
76561198126395988,Not Recommended,257850,34580476,Posted: 29 August,all,RoosterMaind,"After all the good reviews this game got I am thoroughly dissapointed.-Gameplay loop is extremely simple. It uses true and tried mechanics without bringing anything interesting or refining them to the point of feeling supremely satisfying despite their simplicity;-Art is a mixed bag. The colour choice is amazing. To me it's this game's best. The visual storytelling in the cutscenes is also masterfully done. But what you're gonna be looking at for most of the game looks like polished garbage. Yes the gradients and surreal harmonies of colours are pleasing to the eyes. But take away the hues and what is left is atrocious. A Frankenstein of Pixel Art and Geometry Art that looks worse than Another World.-Despite my opinion of the art style, I'm assuming it was done to save time and for what it's worth it seems that all the effort missing from the frame by frame assets shows in the smooth animations and many small details in your characters behaviour, like sitting down or bleeding out constantly.-This game doesn't hold your hand much which is all fine and dandy for not wasting time at the begining, and core mechanics, it fails miserably when explaining or rather trying to explain more complex mechanics. I have no idea what Im collecting or why. I can never tell if I'm going into an optional challenge or a required room. If I find a secret I'm not sure wether I activated it or wether I was supposed to slash at something in the room until something happens. Whenever you interact with something whose use is not aparent you get some cryptic geometric animation which shows that you collect part of something. What those somethings are and what you do with them is never explained.-I'd really love to have the time to puzzle out every small hidden thing in this game but it doesn't even try to meet you halfway, like if you don't wanna use words that's fine, I don't need hand holding, but at least use conventional symbolism instead of your terrible vector art. Ain't nobody got time for scouting the entire map for items which might be worthless.-Story is bittersweet. The good kind. YOu'll want to see it to the end. Probably cuzit's not shoved down your throat but rather leaves you wondering.TL;DR-Sound mechanics-Confetti Text because screw the user;-God-awful pixel art;-Nice Coat of Paint-Pleasing to the Eye and Heart"
,Recommended,257850,25727603,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,LightDrifter,ᕦ[ •́ ﹏ •̀ ]⊃¤=[]::::::::>10\10
,Not Recommended,257850,25933844,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Cythek,BORING AS HELL.Finished only becouseof the money spent and my deep hope for it to become better...
,Not Recommended,257850,22204248,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Goering,"30 fps and shoddy hit detection among a laundry list of issues make this game eternally mediocre. Pretentious story ""delivery"" prevents any sort of coherent story or conclusion. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ input delay because of the 30 fps (that only incompetent developers still do on PC) holds back what is otherwise pretty good combat. Well, except for getting hit by things that look like they're not even touching you, or having the game's violent screen shaking and effects obscure the map so you can't really see. Soundtrack leaves a lot to be desired too, and to top it all off, instead of actual new content for new game+, you are locked at 2 health max, so many mobs will literally 1 shot you at the slightest error, or just the game ♥♥♥♥ing up and not directing the character as you told it because of the glorious 30 fps. This is fine if you're moderately skilled until you fight some bosses, most notably the north boss, who's every attack 1 shots you. This means you have maybe half a second to dash in the correct direction every time there are the exploding tiles near you. If you mess up just ever so slightly or get caught barely on what the game thinks is the edge of the exploding tiles(which is more likely of the two), you die. That and the screen violently shaking literally every time a tile explodes(basically the entire fight) causes an unfun, unfair, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t fight. It's objectively♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,257850,22227799,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,thisnukes4u,Not my thing
76561198137917697,Not Recommended,257850,28616599,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Krevan,"The controls are HORRID (even using 360 controller), the animations get you killed FAR more often than player error, and once you think you know the system... you don't. DON'T do it. BUY SOMETHING FUN. Refund request pending."
,Not Recommended,257850,22205330,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Dukorse,"If you like impossibly hard games, this is for you."
,Not Recommended,257850,22205244,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Tharos infinitum,"I really tried to like this game. I saw reviews comparing it to the LoZ. Please.It's really gorgeous, but it lacks a clear storyline and the gameplay is pretty boring.I hope I can at least get a refund..."
76561198117367651,Not Recommended,257850,26511740,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,joe,The controls are so hard to grasp. It's incredibly frustrating
76561198171882882,Not Recommended,257850,26021333,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Evernight,"This game is riddled with bad design choices...First of all... claiming something is part dark souls part whatever does not excuse stupid implementation choices.Here's 1 hour's worth of stuff their testers should've told them about:Graphic pallete makes height and depth perception confusing.Good luck figuring out whether something's supposed to crush you by stomping on you or moving horizontaly.Good luck figuring out whether something's a dead fall or a wall or a foreground tree or background puddle.Unskippable cutscenes (post-ressurrection, item pickup, etc.).....Picking crap up takes 5 seconds animation.Death animation + fade to black + loading + waking up .... takes ~ 10 - 15 seconds.... I've been stuck in a death loop due to lack of hp  place for 10 minutes... 7 of which i've spent watching the same redundant animation instead of PLAYING THE GAME!You have to hold down a key to see your health. ... whoever thought that one up should've been fired on the spot.Enemies can stack ... try to avoid 5 stacked ♥♥♥♥ers. get attacked... get instakilled.There's no invulnerability timer.You can pick some♥♥♥♥♥♥up ... die... then have to pick up the thing again .. wait through the animation ... die again... .TLDR: I've paid money for a game. not an 8 bit over-resolute gif."
,Not Recommended,257850,23507785,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Spencer Thayer,"Everything about thie game setup is perfect, the ambiguity and mystery of the fallen world really pulls the player into the game. As soon as you start fighting you're reminded that this is a game maker game as you die cursing 30fps gaming. The combat requirements are for an aware and precise player that simply cannot be delieverd at 30fps.Should this game ever update to 60fps I'll pick it back up because I WANT to love it. But for now it's just not an enjoyable experiance."
76561198325861220,Not Recommended,257850,25775851,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,sengathit.l,"Anybody having issues with the gamecontrollers, specifically the xbox controller.  Ive already installed the driver for the xbox controller for my mac and the controller works on another game.  I changed the controller settings to use xbox controller and it doesnt work.  The mouse works just fine.Any help resolving this issue would be nice because this game looks really good."
76561198038642818,Not Recommended,257850,30892692,Posted: 1 April,all,CygnusSphere,"Needs an easier difficulty setting. Even at the easiest setting I still found this game to be unplayable. Very unfortunate that the developers did not inclue this as it looks like a really cool, original, interesting game."
,Not Recommended,257850,22201873,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,unclejemima,its a good game but every 20 minutes it freezes my 16 gb of ram and 4gb 960m laptop and i have to restart my whole computer
,Not Recommended,257850,22205806,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ergZay,The game doesn't run on Mac OS X yet. Save your money and wait for the developers to fix the game first.
,Not Recommended,257850,26363940,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Chiamires,Way too hard. And not hard in the amusing way like Dark souls. Just frustrating without any rewards whatsoever. Don't buy.Currently stuck on an extremely difficult part. WIth only 1 HP. And I can't backtrack to get more hp because of a giant wall. Thanks game.
,Not Recommended,257850,22203987,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Saint Satan,AMAZING GAMERuined by the worst map in the history of video games.  I spent forever just wandering the same places aimlessly because the map is absolutely horrid.  A real shame because everything about the game is 10/10.
,Not Recommended,257850,26054077,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ponperipon,"Really wat to like it, but the controls are awful. You expect a fast paced game focusing on rapid movement, but it plays like you weigh a million pounds. Your sword swings come in sets of 3, and feel like you are swinging an axe. Need a 4th swing? Too bad, wait. Miss the exact key press time to execute a 4th? Too bad, wait. Did you just dash, want to attack now? Too bad, you can't. Wait. Wait. Wait. I feel like I'm playing chess more than an action game, except the levels aren't built for strategy, they're built for quick precise movement.Additionally, I've been playing for a little over an hour? I'm stuck in an area with no health and no way to backtrack, now I need to make a new game, or replay the same few rooms like 40 times? Stupid. I'm all for challenging, but if you make it hard, make it something worth mastering. All of my 30 years or gaming experience need to be thrown away in order to work this games combat mechanics, all my instincts do is get me killed. I feel like I did playing the Prince of Persia on the NES when I was like 5 years old.That's not mention other stupid things, like if you press the windows key because you want to lower the overall volume, there's no icon on the start bar. You need to go into task manager and switch to the process. Had to restart the initial cutscene halfway through because of this. Also had the controller mode disconnect and switch to keyboard when I toggled on co-op. Had to unlug the xbox controller to resolve.Overall? Great art, pretty good game, garbage controls. I bought it on sale and it still isn't worth it. I'll give the game one more chance, but in the meantime I'm going to go play some Dark Souls to cheer up."
76561198027738175,Not Recommended,257850,29264547,Posted: 14 January,all,The Goatnapper,"I gave it a shot but I'm not a huge fan. There's no context for anything. Nothing is explained. Who am I? Where am I? What am I supposed to be doing? Without any context, all of my actions feel pointless. Why is there a boss, why am I killing these enemies? The game has pretty much zero story outside of some vague pictures.Mechanically, the game is pretty tight. Combat is challenging. However, the utter lack of explanation makes the game feel unfair. I don't mean unfair as in too hard, I mean unfair as in sometimes the game will punish you for things you had know way of knowing about.The art style is nice, but it tries to be isometric without clearly defining where boundaries are which is incredibly frustrating. At times it feels as though figuring out what kills you and what is safe to walk on is just trial-and-error, which is not fun gameplay. Sometimes you can walk off edges and fall to your death. Sometimes there is an invisible wall on edges. Sometimes you can dash to distant objects and stand on them. Sometimes it merely appears as though you can stand there but it's actually just a set piece and you fall to your death.  Sometimes a certain color area is a path you can walk on. Other times it's a wall and you can't go past it. It's also not obvious what objects are interactable and what aren't. Normally you expect some kind of glow or indicator to let you know you can interact with something, right? Here, you walk right past something you were supposed to collect, and then go up to something to try to interact and it's just part of the background. In other pixel art game I have played, it is clear what is what. Here it is guesswork. I would appreciate better contrast.The music is also nice, but it feels out of place. It has you listening to this boring ambient piano music and grinding, slow single note synths while you're in the middle of really frantic and intense combat. When you're out of combat and just exploring, it adds a nice vibe, but I honestly would have preferred some generic electronic music or something during fight scenes, at least.Another issue I had is that it doesn't feel like there is any progression in the game. It's hard to tell what places you have explored and what is new. It seems as though there are a few upgrades to unlock (well, 6, to be specific), and the annoying thing is that they strike me as things that you should just have by default, like the ability to use your dash to dodge through projectiles, or charge up for a stronger attack. I died a few times in the beginning because I'm used to getting i-frames when dashing, but here that's merely an upgrade. And these upgrades also take ages to unlock, it took me an hour of playtime to get 1/3 of the way to unlocking a single upgrade. And without any upgrades, your abilities in combat are very limited. You get a basic slash, a dash, and a generic gun which is very innacurate, boring, and has extremely restricted ammo. It also seems as though there are a handful of other guns to unlock, but I haven't seen any yet. If I play a game for an hour and the game doesn't give me ANY new toys to play with beyond 3 very basic ones at the beginning the combat gets repetitive very quickly.My last nitpick is that it seems as though this game is meant for playing only with a controller. I don't own a controller and I don't really like them, I'm a KB+M guy. So I have to deal with terrible keyboard-only menu controls and UI? There's no reason the game can't work well with both a controller AND KB+M. Don't be lazy.I really wanted to like the game, because it got such great reviews, but if I'm being honest, I didn't like it at all, I felt like I was forcing myself along.  That being said, take this with a grain of salt, because the game has a lot of potential and I can see someone with different tastes really enjoying it. Just not me."
,Not Recommended,257850,30015710,Posted: 18 February,all,matt.blubaugh,Good game marred by infuriatingly imprecise controls. Sections of the game that require continuous dashing are just exercises in frustration. The timing for the button presses is inconsistent. Sometimes you'll get up to 25 dashes in a row and others you'll clearly be off in the timing but it'll prolong the dashing anyways. Played with wired steamlink.
76561198214825885,Not Recommended,257850,33003853,Posted: 29 June,all,Szake,"I got this game thinking it would have online co-op, since there's two tags for co-op, local and co-op. Turns out, it is only local. I'm sure it's a great game, and it definitely is beautiful, both in graphics and soundtrack, but the lack of online co-op was a turn-off."
,Not Recommended,257850,26466271,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,the guy who killed you,"its a fine game but dont be confused..... it does not supoort multiplayer between systems, only if your on the same device with controllers, wich is dispicable as i would have to buy 2 controllers just to play with my friend! its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and so if u want to play with ur friend and u dont have 2 controllers that can connect to the same computer.  if u want to play single player then get it but if not i would not suggest it."
76561198052594884,Not Recommended,257850,31129638,Posted: 13 April,all,[Big Chig] Ben Carson,"Awful, spent more than half my time just wandering trying to find where to go. And the combat is OK, but annoying to control."
,Not Recommended,257850,22265252,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,nakedSunOo,"Timingbased, unnatural, unhuman only for machines!"
76561198031044372,Not Recommended,257850,28773554,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Leragie,"The graphics style are the main draw of this game.  If they had gone for any other retro style, this game would not have been held in high praise like it is now.The map is pointless and makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense.  Many areas look like a cluster-♥♥♥♥ of the same pink, blues, and greys.  You can't make out what the dialog pics are even supposed to be half of the time.Half of the game is more of an annoyance than fun gameplay.The music is good for the atmosphere, but there is not a single memorable track in this entire game.  Barely any of the music can actually even be called a song.  Just stuff that fits the atmosphere with an instrument beeping out a note here and there.The action is fast paced, but unfortunately interrupted by clutter most of the time.The devs just went a little overboard with everything.  I don't think they took a step back to view this from the perspective of a gamer.  They focused too much on keeping a fancy look.  Most of the areas of the game look like all the other areas.  Most of the time I'm not sure if I'm in a new place or not.Overall, the game is just a blur of colors that aren't memorable.  The music isn't memorable.  The gameplay borders on annoying.  Most of the UI is pointless and offers no assistance.  Too much work was put into the look and not into the mechanics of the game."
76561198088752220,Not Recommended,257850,22283722,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Mike Oxlong,"EDIT: Recommended during a sale due to the removal of an FPS lock. All other criticisms stand.This game is not only overpriced hipster trash, it's overpriced console-tier hipster trash.It obviously looks pretty, which is its strongest attribute. The music is lovely as well, although the synth score by Disasterpiece is too-frequently undermined by a piano piece which makes the film-school tier symbolism at work in the scenes it plays over all the more cringe-inducing. Superficially it has similarities to Another World, both in terms of the pixellated look of the graphics and the minimalism and starkness of the world it takes place in. The primary difference being that Another World was the work of one man, and managed to much more elegantly and affectingly tell the story of the friendship between two characters and how they overcome the odds against them. It also did 'textless' story-telling much better. On the other hand, this game opts for metatextual ♥♥♥♥♥♥y and 'find your own meaning in your struggle' dreck that I would expect of hipsters. And the pixellated graphics in Another World were limitations of the time, rather than the convenient excuse for not doing more complicated things that they're beginning to feel like in modern games.I understand this is a kickstarter game developed by a small team, but for the asking price and given the simplistic nature of the design, I was expecting a much more substantial and challenging adventure. A few of the bosses held my attention for more than a few minutes, but despite aspirations to From Software games the best strategy to beating the vast majority of them seems to simply be to attack them fast and hard before they can lay down too much damage. By and large, the gameplay was far too repetitive and the 'shop' mechanic would probably have been better if replaced by item pickups that actually altered the core mechanics in any way, as they should in a vaguely Metroidvania game such as this.All these problems aside, I could still give the game some sort of qualified recommendation. So let's talk about the really glaring flaw; the multi-platform nature of this release. If you're a PC gamer, you'll quickly pick up those 'multi-platform' cues we all know and loathe. The checkpoint save system is an issue which, now that I've completed the game, I think is keeping me from seeing a few optional parts of it. I don't intend to go through the whole game again just for that. Uncustomizable controls are also a multi-platform standard.And of course, the most compelling reason you shouldn't spend your money on this; the 30fps lock. It's basically inconceivable to lock any game, especially a PC release, at anything less than 60fps, especially one this primitive which can run on any potato you throw at it. Of course, console users are used to it, and I've got a kind of wide open Christian sympathy for that. But it's unacceptable on the PC. For a game 'in the vein of the best 16 bit classics' it certainly is amusing that the developers don't seem to understand that those virtually all ran in a stable 60fps. I'm guessing most of them are actually players of fairly more recent consoles. I'm also not sure what they can be referring to apart from the Mana games or their (in my opinion superior) cousin Secret of Evermore, or possibly the Fushigi no Dungeon games, none of which were really much like HLD.Hyper Light Drifter is basically another 'retro' indie title that defends its shoddiness with 'stylistic choice' deflections. Certain elements of it would make it just excusable enough to recommend at a discount, if it weren't for the fatal flaws that make it almost unbearable on the PC. Stay away unless it's fixed in the future."
,Not Recommended,257850,25764827,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mumra,"Edit: Below I mention the 30 FPS cap. I just noticed a post from the developer that a 60 FPS update is actually coming soon. I might revisit the game and update the review after this, but the rest of my points still stand.This game looked so gorgeous, and it had been a long while since I played a really good game like this (top down open world adventure), so I tried it out.To its credit, the visual aesthetic is stunning. It features a really unique style of pixel art, with incredibly striking use of colour, a lovely art style, and really nice animations. The audio design and soundtrack are also pretty much perfect.I also enjoyed the intro segment of the game, and at first thought the combat system was really neat.However.The game quickly became annoying and basically unplayable for me. I quit after two hours and am not inclined to go back and finish it. Even at the current discount, I would not recommend this.The problems are numerous:* The visual style makes it really hard to parse what is solid and what is not in the level. You cannot work out where you are allowed to go or not. A lot of items are hidden behind things, meaning you constantly have to try and walk into walls that look identical to every other wall and/or floor tile to see if there is a way through* There is water everywhere, and the unreliable dash mechanic frequently drops you right in the drink, this is a constant drain on health. Combined with the above (trying to find hidden objects) makes this even worse.* The controls are just terrible. First I should say I do not have a gamepad, and the game does right at the beginning tell you that mouse & keyboard is not recommended. Frankly this is unacceptable for a PC release, every effort should be made to improve the experience with mouse & keyboard, and they have not tried. It could be so much beffer. Slightly less awkward default keybindings would be one improvement, but even with better bindings the aiming reticule could behave better (also see next point).* The game only runs at 30 FPS. This is a load of crap. And this is why mouse control is horrible. I could play absolutely fine if my cursor updated at 60 FPS, the only reason mouse control is at all difficult is because of the laggy 30 FPS movement of everything.* Combat quickly becomes tiresome. There is way too much going on the screen all at once. Healing mid-combat makes your character stand still for an age, usually meaning you get swarmed and die anyway before/during healing. Collision detection seems clunky too, it's really hard to avoid any of the stuff flying around the screen. Dash also has a small delay involved making it horrible for avoiding things in combat.* Checkpoints are terrible. Since you die over and over in the busier fights, you would expect a checkpoint right before the fight. No. Checkpoints are usually way back meaning you have to repeat stuff over and over again, only to die once more in the fight.* Sprawling and convoluted level/world design. Worse than Fez. The map is an obnoxious spaghetti mess of impenetrable symbols and next to useless. I have no idea how I am going to go back and find areas that I missed, since every area looks like the same technicolour vomit / Jackson Pollock painting, and everything respawns when I go back to places that I've cleared.* The lack of any text whatsoever initially seemed like an interesting idea, but in practise it means even less idea what is going on or what anything does. Dialogue is conveyed as a series of pictorials that generally can be interpreted to mean absolutely anything.In short: it's a real shame this game didn't live up to its beautiful art style. Really no idea why this is so acclaimed."
,Not Recommended,257850,26547767,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Atlas1205,too vauge. 10/10 negative.
76561198027778795,Not Recommended,257850,23979855,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,marks.q3,"This game would be tons of fun, but the 30fps limitation gives me a headache after 30min.The intention might be truly retro, but the programmers were grievously mistaken, they unfortunately delivered a total waste of money."
76561198117806970,Not Recommended,257850,27997767,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,mccafferty.max,"Everyone says it's a great game, but honestly, it's not.....I like the combat and the powers, but the game too much reflects a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ platformerand that's all it really is.Honestly, the traps are made, 1000% op, I don't know why..... on beginning levels.... This game, just tries insanely vigoursly to kill you, and with that in mind, it just really sucksI'm currently stuck on a trap level, that is my guess, very poorly designed - ie, it's entirely based on luck and not even patterns"
,Not Recommended,257850,28550661,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Bantarific,"//Edit: Wow that's a lot of downvotes! Just tried to relay my honest impressions to any new buyers. Again the game's not bad, it's just not ""overwhelmingly positive GOTY 10/10."" I didn't speedrun or deliberately ignore anything that I found and the game was only 5 hours long. Sure game duration isn't everything, but it's not like that 5 hours was extremely innovative or impressive in such a way as to make up for it's short run length. IIRC the bosses only had maybe 2 or 3 moves each and they were extremely telegraphed and easy to learn. I never used bombs at any point during the game. One basic upgrade makes you OP as all hell, (it allows you to dodge INTO enemy gunfire and not only take no damage but absorb the energy you use as ammo for your ranged weapon,) which, against later enemies that shoot a bullet-hell level of projectiles at you made them laughably easy since all you had to do was shoot them with all your ammo then dodge left and right over and over and absorb all their shots until you're back to full ammo and proceed to shoot them again. The final bossfight in particular was weak to this strategy since his most dangerous ability seems to be when he fills the screen with projectiles that would be difficult to deal with normally but with this ability is trivialized. A lot of negative reviews and positive reviews say this game is like tough like dark souls. I question the comparison, since dark souls actually can be tough in some areas, whereas this game is, as I've said, a cakewalk.Lastly the story. Look, I can appreciate a mysterious story, but there's a difference between being intruigingly mysterious and irritatingly lacking in actual substance. This game falls under the ""lacking"" category for a major reason. There is never any explanation given for anything. Ever. People compared this game to dark souls. Do you remember that big long several minute intro that dark souls had explaining quite a bit of the backstory? Sure there was still a ton we didn't know, but they gave us enough to make you understand at least at a basic level where you are, who you are, why are there zombies everywhere, etc... Maybe this game has lore explanations on the website or in some secret that you can find in the game somewhere, but I really can't be bothered to go explore every secret in the game in the hopes that one of them is a plot."
,Not Recommended,257850,30299213,Posted: 3 March,all,Tanksy,"Game claims to have ""Multiplayer"" aside from ""Local Multiplayer"", ""Co-Op"" aside from ""Local Co-Op"", but this is lies. The overly large scale pixels make things difficult to see from anything bigger than a laptop screen, but aside from that the story is interesting and the gameplay is pretty neat. But because of the incorrect description, and the fact that it was pushed for sales through the GDC awards and other kikery, I can't recommend it."
76561198158089238,Recommended,257850,25732611,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Mr.Águia,poot
,Not Recommended,257850,29789733,Posted: 8 February,all,Caucasian Invasion,"The graphics are great, but the gameplay and story are very lacking, certain functions in the game, like keys and locked doors force you to search the internet because the game gives no insight."
,Not Recommended,257850,30850790,Posted: 31 March,all,Raido,It's a good game. Like Dark Souls but with pixel graphics.3/10Would be 9/10 if the game would tell you how things work. Chain dashing is almost impossible.
76561198068671999,Not Recommended,257850,27880147,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sikenzu,ITS NOT ONLINE MULTIPLAYER - FALSE ADVERTISING. NOW MY ♥♥♥♥ING GIRLFRIEND IS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AT ME AND I'M NOT ALLOWED TO MAKE DISCISSION ANYMORE.
,Not Recommended,257850,28858192,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ThuggyWuggy,"The developers couldn't figure out how to get the difficulty right so the environment insta-kills you ALL THE TIME. The combat is fun, the environment is great, but the slow grind to kill some enemies followed by an instant death for a minute mistake is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Ruins the game for me. I have tried on multiple occasions to play this game, but I never play for more than 5 minutes after remembering how horrible and cheap the game mechanics are."
,Not Recommended,257850,24050005,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MaleSensitivity,"This game is too pixelated and ""artsy"" for its own good.  Plus the lack of text became an issue early  on.  I'm not saying it is a bad game (I only played it for about 20 minutes).  But, I need something a little more polished."
76561198042211886,Not Recommended,257850,31964461,Posted: 25 May,all,shamgar001,"The action part of the gameplay, when it happens, is fun and challenging. The problem is that the fun parts come in small doses, in between long stretches of walking around the environment, indecipherable story content, and confusing, unintuitive inteface. I spent several hours wandering around the area north of the town, and I still don't understand what my objective is in doing so. The scenery is very pretty and the music is great, but the overall experience was just frustrating."
,Not Recommended,257850,25743635,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,WinnieTheKarl,"The only reason I do not thumb up this amazing game is because it only tells you (in game, after the fact) that a xbox controller is recommended (it should be mandatory). I have been waiting for a new adventure game to get into, this seemed perfect (was perfect), until I got to the more technical puzzle challenges which required my character to use pinpoint percision to dash between deathly obstacles. You're thinking so the ♥♥♥♥ what you can't aim your cursor properly, ah, but the game does not let you. There are certain points of the screen where your cursor cannot travel. So if you don't dash perfectly straight (thanks to the cursor this is near impossible as your trajectory is always slightly off course more often then naught), you will die. Again, and again, and again, and again (which honestly is also another aspect of the game, not knocking it for it if I was able to controller my character's dashes properly). You will get farther, and better at the game no doubt, but I feel that without the controller I am missing a vital part of the games experience and I wish that the steam store ad for this game was more upfront about that aspect."
,Not Recommended,257850,31329452,Posted: 23 April,all,Prestige,the game is suprisingly  glitchy and really slow. the game look polish but that is its downfall because of lag and the lag is the thing that will kill you the most
,Not Recommended,257850,31652293,Posted: 9 May,all,YOLO dive,"good game (GG) ... i feel like this game with its music is very relaxing and calmBUT(1) this game is way over priced.... i feel like i didnt get enough Bang for the buck . This game is worth £14.99 and the Soundtrack Edition is £18.99 -_-"" and dont 4 get 20% vat so your paying £22.788 W*F this game is not worth this much money i payed £9.49 and i stil dont think its worth it(2)this game is soooo over hyped the ppl on youtube can sure hype things up way out of proportion and on top of that u go to see the review on this game and endup knowing all about its creator and how your guilted into buying this game XD lol ...(3) THis game is short so it kinda tries to make u keep playing it longer by giveing u a map that is confusing and making u to go in circles . problem with that is after r few hours it gets BORING AFIf i could play this game for 4-5 hrs and then decide if i should get it .... probably not have bought it"
76561198271105938,Not Recommended,257850,29536919,Posted: 28 January,all,Unluckymonster,"I tought this was Zelda-style adventure game but no.It's ""♥♥♥♥ing Bloodborne Git Gud"" indie versio.Some people like it. I don't."
76561197996504971,Not Recommended,257850,30404203,Posted: 8 March,all,Nero,"The art style is very appealing, but it doesn't make up for poor controls and weak level design.I bought the game based on the aesthetic and the promise of having a responsive zelda-like experience. The game delivers somewhat on the aesthetic, but due to major backtracking issues caused by zelda-like lack of clear direction, the few screens grow tired fast.The combat in the game is frustrating and completely fails at delivering a rewarding player experience. Taking actions, like shooting, slashing, or diving, prevents the player from puting in any other inputs for what feels like an eternity. It doesn't make me feel like I'm playing a space ninja. Oddly enough, the bears and other monsters you meet don't suffer the same chronic slowness that is imposed upon the player.There is no subtlty to any of the actions. Diving goes a preset distance. Slashing is the same every time you click. For a game that seems to want to encourage finess, there is not much that I can see to reward skillful play.The biggest flaw of the game is likely the slowness. Every time I saw an elevator I would consider quitting the game rather than go through the 10 second pointless repetitive animation during which I couldn't do so much as move the character. Back tracking through areas with many elevators to try to find the secret area is maddening.Also, the map cursor looks identical to the objective markers, which makes absolutely no sense.This game is definitely a pass. Don't get it full price, don't get it on sale."
76561198041962189,Not Recommended,257850,23383350,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,stienozo,I have played about an hour of the game... i have done half of the north dungeon... this game is very clunky and extremely unfair I do NOT recommend this game
76561198009130713,Not Recommended,257850,31696936,Posted: 12 May,all,Kennizard,"The game accomplishes what it sets out to do; recreate the feeling of a dated pixel adventure game. It's like vaporwave but in game form, complete with far more magenta than you would otherwise see in your lifetime.Pros: Good art, lack of exposition is neat.Cons: Like old games, areas feel arbitrarily more difficult than they need, and the crow boss is like a bad bullet hell game."
,Not Recommended,257850,34195708,Posted: 12 August,all,Nopsajalka,"I don't know what to do, I'm stuck all the time, I'm not having fun. Even the map is too weird. Don't buy this game."
76561197974872538,Not Recommended,257850,28738575,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,leebruk,"beauty is in the eye of the beholder, maybe its a good game, and everyone says its gorgeous, but i cant stand the graphics. refund pending."
76561198039440933,Not Recommended,257850,28210851,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,B1g_B3ar_8alls,WHATS WITH THE ♥♥♥♥ING CONTROLS WITH THIS GAME. THE BUTTON MASHING AND THE DIRECTIONAL CONTROLS IS BROKEN. THIS GAME HERE IS A GOOD GAME BUT THE CONTROLS SUCK. I WAS FIGHTING A BOSS USING A SHOTGUN BUT THE DAMN GAME RECOGNIZED IT AS A LASER GUN AND WHEN IM SLASHING THERE IS NO SWORD THE SOUND OF THE SWORD IS THERE BUT NO SWORD. THERE IS ALSO A FEW PARTS WHERE IM DASHING CONTINOUSELY BUT THE CHACTER JUST STOPS FOR NO ♥♥♥♥ING REASON AND WHY IS THERE INVISIBLES WALLS IN THE OPEN AREAS? THE INVISIBLE WALLS HAPPEN A LOT ILL BE FIGHTING 4 OR 7 ENEMIES AND ILL TRY TO ESCAPES IN ONE DIRECTION BUT FOR SOME REASON THERE'LL BE A INVISIBLE WALL TO STOP ME. IF YOU GUYS ARE GONNA DO ANOTHER UPDATE FIX THE DAMN CONTORLS AND INVISIBLE WALLS IN THE OPEN AREAS FOR THE GAME. THE GAME IS GOOD BUT THE CONTROLLS THEY NEVER REACT PROPERLY AND THE INVISIBLE WALLS ARE A PROBLEM.
,Not Recommended,257850,30493544,Posted: 13 March,all,danly,"This is a wonderful game with a strong visual appeal. Areas feel full and populated, even though they may lack NPCs, due to the care put into the aesthetic. Gameplay is zelda-ish with a touch of bullet-dodging and a relative absence of puzzles.I cannot recommend it due to the console-style save system. Save points are scattered sparingly throughout the level, punishing players who cannot guarantee themselves consistent play time or who want to take risks and experiment."
,Not Recommended,257850,30301510,Posted: 3 March,all,dusty84,Don't bother with this game if you don't have a controller. The controls for keyboard and mouse are useless. I wish someone had bothered to put that in a review before I wasted my money on it.
,Not Recommended,257850,22190993,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,bk,Game is bad.
,Not Recommended,257850,24034871,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Key,I highly do not reccomend this gameI will explain how this game feels. You spawn in after watching and hour and a half long cutscene than you are thrown into this massive eye♥♥♥♥♥♥of a world not knowing anything including controls bye the way. Then you eventually find yourself at i giant intersection not knowing anyting so eventually you pic one of the intersection directions and you spend the rest of that time trying to beat the little ♥♥♥♥ign charachters looking closely at your time played because you want to make shure you dont go over more than two hours so you can refund this trash .not funeye♥♥♥♥♥♥worse music than kazoo kid
,Not Recommended,257850,23463255,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,toothpjcks1,i didnt like it
,Not Recommended,257850,25938111,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Goyo,I will make it short:1) Lack of explanation of anything.2) Lack of characterization.3) Slow down depressing soundtracks.Overall: Overdramatic for the lack of content.
,Not Recommended,257850,22165903,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,elderq.firestorm713,"Not Recommended but with like five asterisks.The biggest caveat, I used a steam controller. Maybe that was the worst controller for the game, but I currently don't have any other controllers to really confirm that this was the problem.I didn't hate the game, but early on, I realized how difficult it was going to be, which was not what I was led to expect (I realize now that this is mostly my fault). It's absolutely gorgeous, the sound and music are incredible, the gameplay is solid, but it is very difficult. Twitchy difficult. Like you have to combine luck and perfect execution for bosses difficult. This would be fine if death were well designed. You have a slow death animation, and a slow revive animation, and it uses a checkpoint system; so if you were screwed before getting into a boss fight, you're still screwed. I quit and returned the game after the fourth time dying in a room of enemies I'd seen before being able to hit me off screen or insta-kill me the moment I dropped in. This is a solved game design problem. There are better systems than this.I was really excited and hyped for this game, and I am absolutely crushed that I won't be able to enjoy it. If you're into twitchy difficult games, you'll love this one, but I cannot recommend it for filthy casuals like myself.Edited for clarity, and added some more details on why I actually find this difficulty bs while not finding Souls difficulty bs."
,Not Recommended,257850,27944412,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Killerspinach,Boring. Puts me to sleep. Overrated. Returned.
76561198037680270,Not Recommended,257850,30837609,Posted: 30 March,all,Gixkung,Multi-player > Local multi-PlayerCo-op > Local Co-opBig Liar.
76561198088777022,Not Recommended,257850,30475816,Posted: 12 March,all,Final Freefall,"The controls are horrible, which is odd, because the game's so good in most other aspects.  Still, I can't reccommend a high-skill game with wonky reactions to player input."
,Not Recommended,257850,22172842,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Factualvermin,"Please for the love of gaming; if you are going to make a fast paced precice action game do not, and I repeat DO NOT use a game engine that ties game logic to frame rate or have that frame rate locked at 30. Hell even Stardew Valley runs at 60 and it looks (motion without stutter in the pixel graphics) and feels so much better on a base fundamental level. How have these devs not learned from their dark souls inspiration? I really wanted to like this one."
76561198047390913,Not Recommended,257850,31789743,Posted: 16 May,all,GEO Dude,Score game sucks
,Not Recommended,257850,31796535,Posted: 16 May,all,mikeymonkeyman,"I hope you can understand a game without a single dialog box, because thats what your about to get yourself into, that and the spammy unforgiving combat without save point or health packs for miles. Basically the poor mans dark souls."
76561198274202959,Not Recommended,257850,32656160,Posted: 22 June,all,Hi its baby bubu,"This game is a great game and I did like some parts of it. However, I'd wish the game had an objective list or something like that because even with the 2 hours I have played with this game, half of the time was spent walking or going somewhere. I liked some of the controls but the other controls were confusing and I stopped playing the game. I did like the game design and the music fit well with the game and I had high hopes for this game, but I was consued at what I was supposed to do and I spent a lot of my time wandering places. I love this game but I don't think it is worth 20 dollars. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,257850,22190663,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,candyShark,The art is nice but that's all the good I have to say about it really
,Not Recommended,257850,25739717,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Stikas,One of the best artstyles I've ever seen let down by boring and repetitive combat.
76561197998764178,Not Recommended,257850,25761820,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Frog Man,YOU BETTER BE PLAYING THIS ♥♥♥♥♥ WITH A GAMEPAD! DONT DARE PLAY IT WITH MOUSE AND KEYBOARD.♥♥♥♥♥♥IS ♥♥♥♥ING RAGE INDUCING
,Not Recommended,257850,30311945,Posted: 4 March,all,yumitsui,Dashing controls are absolute garbage.
76561198027059793,Not Recommended,257850,30331206,Posted: 4 March,all,Drakhun,"This game does two things right.  Look pretty and sound amazing.  I'd buy it if it was an album and album art.  What it doesn't do is function as a game.  Nothing is comunicated, rather being a series of unexplained pictures, and the occassional instructions of a button for an action.  And you flip switches by hitting them with your sword, rather than interacting with them, because that makes sense and is totally explained well.  Oh, and an 'achievement' for dying during your poorly explained intro?  Thanks game, thank you for insulting me for my mistakes failing to figure out your poorly explained interface and purchasing you.If you want to buy this game, get the sound track version, and let the game itself rot on your hard drive untouched, because it's really not worth it."
,Not Recommended,257850,22182017,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,CyberDeath,Just bought this and it looks so good...but it keeps crashing on launch>_>
,Not Recommended,257850,30364638,Posted: 6 March,all,Startled Penguin,"Ok, let's get this out of the way.  The game is gorgeous.  The landscaping is beautiful.  The aesthetic is good.  The controls are rock solid.  But in no way do I see this game being worth even $10.Of all the games in my steam library, this is the one I want my money back on the most.-- There is not one single piece of language in the game.  You are not told in any way how the game works.-- The unlockables in this game aren't mentioned.  I didn't know I got an upgrade until I lucked into one.  I've activated a few other things too.  What do they do? Damned if I know.  You don't even get an illustration on the map-- The map is indecipherable.  The way the map works isn't explained to you, the guides for it online seem labrinthine.-- The gameplay isn't even remotely fun.  You can only press X X A X RT RT RT A A LB X into so many rooms before it becomes an utter tedium.I'm five hours in, I've completed two areas and fought two bosses.  I don't look forward to playing this game at all.  I regret spending this much time on it.  I think this game is extremely poorly designed and the lack of instruction to the game, and the lack of map is absolute laziness passed off as innovation.  Would it have taken the studio anything to give you a manual or a help to explain how to at least use the minimap?  Would a ""Not yet!"" indicator on a door really hurt anyone?   This might be an indie game, but there's no justification for failing to give even the most basic instructions on how to enjoy the product.I wouldn't recommend.  There's ultimately nothing here beyond a few cool screenshots."
76561197975230730,Not Recommended,257850,28640992,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[TGS] Captain Punishment,"Clunky movement, annoying difficulty spikes and worthless level design. Exposition is no-where, graphics are confusingly simplified and music is just a lot of ambient non-sense . Sorry, but it's not worth it :-/ what a shait title."
76561197960912290,Not Recommended,257850,30819382,Posted: 29 March,all,Vividnightmare,"Nope. It presents pretty interestingly, at first. But by 15 minutes in, I was just aggravated. What's going on? why is there an anubis thing? Why does my character have lung cancer and keep coughing up blood? Who am I? What do I do? Where do I go? How do I make sense of this gigantic map? While I get some 'mystery' is a strong story telling mechanic, like say with games like Journey, but this game abuses the concept and makes its self a mess by explaining virtually nothing in a game that is dozens of times more complex and intricate than Journey, while obviously pulling a lot of style from Journey and games like it. I get it won awards, got good reviews. That's great. Personally it just feels like a mess. The art is awesome. The soundtrack is flipping brilliant. Past that though, I can't figure out much. The controls seem simple, but the games outright refusal to have dialogue or even text, leaves you directionless. You come across things that you can interact with, with NO explanation as to what they are or even how to interact with them. Which is frustrating because you never know if you're supposed to do something with the thing or if it is just a matter of ""Not right now, we're just showing you this so you know about it for later"" or if it's just extra content to interact with for the sake of it, like turning on a tv in a game or reading a flier on a window. Who knows? I'd love to try this out more to really get a grasp of it, but Steam bogus return policy means I either make a opinion on it instantly OR get stuck with a product I may not like. 20 minutes in I decided, while other people may like this, I wanted something other than what I 'think' I got."
,Not Recommended,257850,29049641,Posted: 5 January,all,Lemonade,"great graphics, pretty good and addictive gameplay, interesting approach to story telling, 3/10"
,Not Recommended,257850,22185937,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Cancer,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing BEAUTIFUL. The music is amazing, the graphics are nice to look at. But when you start playing, you don't necessarily know what to do. This game, while not telling you how to play, does a ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic job on showing you how to DIE. I've died so many times in this game because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ things, I could no longer played it. I have absolutely no problem understanding a game who TELLS me what is going on, but this isn't clever, trying to use pictures and silence to tell you a story. While, again, it's beautiful, it's hard as hell, very frustrating, and not worth 18 dollars of having to look at forced perspective all the time."
,Not Recommended,257850,25611849,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,rootB34R,"The game looks really cool and is very fun to play; however, it is just too hard. It's an easy fix and the devs should do it. I like a challenge if its an option but I really want to see the rest of the game."
,Not Recommended,257850,32670987,Posted: 23 June,all,Black Tongue,"Buying this was a mistake.I don't usually go in for the whole Dark Souls-esque bash your head against a ♥♥♥♥ing wall until you get every fight 100% correct thing and that's exactly what this is. There are several key design choices that make even talking about particulars in the game difficult -- there's no written language of any kind that I've found, so even trying to describe trouble spots is difficult if not outright incoherent. Like, I can't even tell you what the purpose is. The goal. I just know there's a pink Triforce rip-off you have to collect to do... something. Or go somewhere. Or maybe so you can die? I honestly don't know and neither will you. And you'll have a hell of a time trying to figure out what to do because there is zero guidance. Zero. Just wander around dying in two (2) hits, collecting med kits galore when there's no danger of any kind nearby but when you have to reload for the 17th time, ♥♥♥♥ you, you shouldn't be taking damage, moron. Oh, and don't forget that you have to stop in one place to use those medkits - and this is a game built around moving constantly because the three dozen mobs you need to kill are still dancing around stabbing you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥while you try to heal.Buying this was a mistake. I would've been better served just watching a playthrough on YouTube because it is lovely to look at and it sounds great. It's just everything else that's a chore."
76561198056685320,Not Recommended,257850,33472557,Posted: 11 July,all,Akhmad Mustafa,wasted my money on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥  DON'T BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,257850,22156925,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Xion,"Best game 2016. Thanks for all the hardwork guys, best of wishes."
76561197970961690,Not Recommended,257850,30190780,Posted: 26 February,all,pösmunk,Xbox360 and Steam controller not working on linux-steam.
,Not Recommended,257850,25744491,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Zev,Lied about co-op and multiplayer being online. No such feature exists.
76561197987146273,Not Recommended,257850,28024574,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,sandcracka,"What sold me on this game is a comment that said it is similar to dark souls.IT IS IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING CONCEPT AND EVEN SOME OF THE MISSIONS. (ESPECIALLY THE PART WHERE U GO BACK TO STARTING POINT - TOTAL RIPOFF FROM DARK SOULS)Sure the game feels like indie dark souls, but thats all it is, someone who had some free♥♥♥♥♥time and decided to make an indie dark souls rip off.The game starts off as good with awesome graphics and amazing soundtrack. But after a while the game becomes repeatative and you become aware of where things will be as well as some of the missions are PURE LACK OF ART.Like in one mission i think the main creator was bored out of his mind and wanted to jer k a fast one. So he decided to make this WHOLE level made of these ice traps that you step on and die...THE PATH is obvious, its just A TEDIOUS MISSION THAT HAS NO POINT BECAUSE THIS WHI TE PRIVILGED CREATOR FELT HE DONE GOOD ENOUGH IN THE WORLD WHEN HE RIPPED OFF DARK SOULS"
76561198216964823,Not Recommended,257850,28720446,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SONIC SPEED,"I have recieved my refund for this game and I am glad that I asked for one.--------------------------------------------------------------------------My experience with this game was absolutely horrible.Pros and Cons:+Graphics are great+Music isnt too bad-THERE IS NO STORY-Game is hard to progress because you have no hints at where to go because there is no dialogue-Combat has some issues-Not invincible while dashing-90% of my little time spent playing this game was me looking for where to go because did I mention THAT THERE IS NO STORY AND THE GAME GIVES NO HINTS ON HOW TO DO THINGS OR GO PLACES WHATSOEVER?I cant even think of all the cons. Im just gonna stop the review now because Its unexplainable how much of a dissappointment this game was to me. I would not reccomend this game to anyone unless you want to waste your money. If you are looking for a good top down combat/rpg kind of game, then do not buy this one. DO NOT BUY THIS ONE. Buy Transistor instead. That game is great."
,Not Recommended,257850,22158956,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,[Zot] Sels McWillar,"I'd been waiting for Hyper Light Drifter for quite a while, mostly because of the graphical style and the Disasterpeace soundtrack.The game does look visually very good, and the music helps create a great atmosphere, as could be deduced from the trailer and preview pics. The setting in general is intriguing. It's a bit like a mixture of Fez and Bastion, with aesthetic elements from Transistor.All the good stuff is hamstrung by the fact that it's a Gamemaker game and locked at 30 FPS (though not an intrinsic feature of all Gamemaker games). This makes it look jerky and feel laggy.It's worth noting that not everyone is bothered by this, so your mileage may vary. If you had no problem with, say, Nuclear Throne, then you'll likely have no issues of that kind here either."
76561197992711083,Not Recommended,257850,32854304,Posted: 27 June,all,Joelius,"I'm glad a bunch of hipsters came together and learned how to use Dazzle Draw, but I don't feel like spending a bunch of time trying to ascertain if the big purple rectangle I'm about to jump to is a background purple rectangle, a purple rectangle I can leap onto, or a purple rectangle looking enemy. The art style is deliberately vague and unpolished. And while this flies as ""style"" for some people, I find it uninforming and aggravating. Prepare to play a game that is both difficult because it is made to be challenging, and difficult because your character doesn't respond particularly well. Almost no information is given to you to divine what the hell is going on with things like maps, odd  shapes made to appear ceremoniously important, and  old looking rectangles that might fill up your life, but also might just be a filing cabinet. I don't care to invest the hours to find out, and if I want to find out what happens to the main character, I can twitch stream this bore."
,Not Recommended,257850,22170066,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Iste,"Sluggish controls and locked at 30fps, avoid"
,Not Recommended,257850,32674174,Posted: 23 June,all,HyphenSam,"I understand this will be an unpopular opinion, so please fully-read my review before hitting ""not helpful"".When I play an action game, I go in expecting a fun brainless experience. I don't waste my mental energy absorbing and remembering the lore, as I'll just forget and lose track of the story.Hyper Light Drifter apparently has an ambiguous story told through no dialogue. Not a fan of this style of storytelling, but I don't care as I just want to kill♥♥♥♥♥♥. Unfortunately I can't enjoy killing if it controls poorly.Initially I played with a keyboard and mouse despite the game saying it's intended for controllers. Didn't have a good time as dashing with the mouse is incredibly infuriating.I've played a bit of CrossCode before playing HLD and that game controls beautifully with keyboard and mouse IMO. You dash by holding the right-mouse button and any of the WASD keys, which works a lot better than worrying where your mouse is before pressing space.This issue would be fixed if HLD adopted this control scheme, though you'd need to figure out which button to assign the gun ability.So I switched to controller, and it controlled a lot better. Unfortunately I still felt infuriated with the controls.The game expects you to dodge everything with the dash ability, so naturally you use it to dodge all attacks. This becomes a problem when there are a lot of bullets in the screen AND ravines limiting your mobility. When I'm focused on trying to kill one enemy whilst dodging it's attacks, I often find myself running into bullets, other enemies, and falling off cliffs.This seems like a level and game design issue, with ""the controls don't feel good"" as the symptom. You're constantly overwhelmed by enemies in cramped areas with ravines you can easily fall into. This could be fixed by having a bigger fighting areas with little to no ravines, less enemies attacking at a time, and only have a group of enemies crowding into one particular area, so the player can dash away without running into enemies.I'm a pretty ameteur game developer with not a lot of experience, but from my perspective I think every action game should prioritise its controls to feel responsive, predictable, and fair to the player. Your game falls flat if the player doesn't feel in control, and it's considered lazy if this is your idea of difficulty.I went into this game to learn it's combat, as I've heard everyone praising that particular element of this game. Now I know how not to design a combat system.Wish this game has a demo as I don't like refunding through Steam.TL;DR:Controls poorly. Try the demo for CrossCode and buy it once it's out of early access. Aside from the visuals, it's pretty similar to HLD only with vastly better controls and an actual story.If you've read this far then please keep the discussion civil."
,Not Recommended,257850,33245822,Posted: 4 July,all,Vinczetti,"This game sucks donkey♥♥♥♥♥♥I loaded this game up and I'm just wandering around not doing anything, moving from one end of the screen to the next section. I went down a platform-elevator (???) dashed through the zone then went back towards the forestThen I walked some more and it skipped to a cutscene and I started vomiting blood or some♥♥♥♥♥♥The game just won't get to the combat, or whatever fun part it has.I probably didn't miss any next level or fun mechanic by quitting when I got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the 100th time I was stopped by the terrain.The movement doesn't even feel good. The tree terrain blocks your way.The only thing well designed are the graphics, but they don't really enhance the gameplay that much if they get in the way, now do they.Not sure how this game got so many good reviews."
,Not Recommended,257850,32093678,Posted: 31 May,all,henrycats4life,This game is not worth the 20 dollars
,Not Recommended,257850,22169278,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Conceited Guy,kinda boring
76561198062548924,Not Recommended,257850,25762204,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,COONCE,"I was led to believe this had online co-opit does notI'm not salty, I just want to make sure people know. Usually when it is local co-op only, it will list ""Local Co-Op"" and not ""Co-op."" Same goes for the multiplayer. Im sure it is a great game.  Look at store page for Arma 3 for example."
,Not Recommended,257850,28894815,Posted: 1 January,all,Dusty,I am not sure this game is good or bad because i played only for 30 mins. The reaso i bought this game is to play coop with friend but it support onlu local coop and i thought it was online coop as well. so the stroe page is a lie and should be accurate. Again i dont know how good the game is but fals info on the store page
76561198084807376,Not Recommended,257850,32707780,Posted: 23 June,all,Tyderf,Worst game I've ever played.  Hey how can we make our crappy combat system seem difficult?  I know lets make a guy that kills you almost instantly then put 20 of them in the same room that you have to fight all at once.  Hey lets make wierd controls then make it so you can't change them.
,Not Recommended,257850,22163114,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Soupie,Controls with mouse and keyboard aren't great. Recommend using a pad for this game as dashing with the mouse and keyboard feels unresponsive.
76561198046538204,Not Recommended,257850,22157850,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Stellwing👻,"To me the animations are very unresponsive. A very poor decision to make it locked at 30 FPS because there is just so much detail in the animation departement. In fact there is so much detail in the sprites the they don't really cope with the rest of the game.Imo it would have been great if everything other than the main sprites would have been 60 FPS then the overall experience would have been much more acceptableAMAZING art direction altough♥♥♥♥♥♥poor executionI am only 20 mins into the game so take this ""Review"" with a grain of salt"
,Not Recommended,257850,30823294,Posted: 29 March,all,Fat Man,♥♥♥♥ You
,Not Recommended,257850,30295227,Posted: 3 March,all,chicken,where is multiplayer??
76561198079021915,Not Recommended,257850,30668141,Posted: 22 March,all,Andrey Tsiolkovsky,Can't skip the opening cinematics. Don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about them. The story is interpretive anyway so who the ♥♥♥♥ cares about five minutes of fancy looking crap. 0/10 stars. Cannot rate lower. Do not get this game unless you're a tool and hate convenience.
,Not Recommended,257850,22163424,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,sblsbl,30fps cap
76561198201772738,Recommended,257850,30405965,Posted: 9 March,all,Bald Demon,"I love this game. If you have a controller, is worth playing it. I wont say what I like about it, since I like pretty much everything....EXCEPT!That x800 chain dash achievement. The only thing I hate about this game is that achievement.And without doing those 800 dashes, you can't finish the game 100% (talking about the costumes).But it is worth picking up~"
76561198338444518,Recommended,257850,30415069,Posted: 9 March,all,Fayble,"Awesome game so far. Combat and movement are smooth and fast, exploration is fun, but also entirely optional, and the game sounds as great as it looks. It plays a lot like a top-down zelda game, but requires less puzzle solving, and more mechanical skill to progress. Overall, Hyper Light Drifter presents a fun and challenging, yet very fair, experience that I would highly recommend."
,Recommended,257850,30411618,Posted: 9 March,all,Mikonai,"This game is beautiful, difficult, and generally amazing. Hyper Light Drifter's story feels deeply mysterious and ambiguous throughout, but every aspect of the world---from the actions of the main character to the little hints in the details of every screen---speaks to an expansive backstory in a world you cannot truly begin to understand the history of.The gameplay feels like Zelda, but overall I find this game to be less of a Metroidvania game, mostly due to the fact that there is not that much gear to find, and it is never essential to the story, and rarely helpful to finding the many optional secrets. But there's little to no handholding in the game; it's left to the player to figure out where to go next and how to defeat each enemy.My only complaint is one of performance: there are strange framerate drops, and the game appears to have a memory leak, as it gets worse the longer it runs. In a game like this those framerate drops get you killed very quickly. I had heard that this was fixed in a recent patch, but they still happen frequently on my system.Overall, however, this game ranks among my favorites for a deep but very tight storytelling experience and engaging pixel-art combat gameplay."
76561198007409592,Recommended,257850,30411685,Posted: 9 March,all,Ulfgar Ardo,The hype is strong with this one. And rightly so. This game is amazing in so many ways. For me the most interesting leyer to Hyper Light Drifter is the audio visual. It is stunnig how the art tells the story and conveys the hisotry. Not a signle word was spoken or written here and yet the whole world is vivid. The combat is frustrating as hell but even I managed to beat the game in 10h so I think anyone can do it.
,Recommended,257850,30419093,Posted: 9 March,all,Not Froge,"Holy crap, do i have a love-hate relationship with this game.It's very pretty, but you'll hardly have enough time to gaze at the scenery when there's FREAKIN' FROGS ATTACKING YOU FROM ALL ANGLES OH GOD HELPThe game makes you want to continue playing it, but it's so infuriatingly hard that you want to stop.I really like this game, if you couldn't tell.I really don't like this game, if you couldn't tell.Buy it anyways."
,Recommended,257850,30393558,Posted: 8 March,all,Venom Snake,awsome would buy again
76561198315700394,Recommended,257850,30461437,Posted: 11 March,all,ALPHADERP,"A very refined game, if you enjoy an immersive atmosphere, story-rich, outstanding pixel graphics, and soundtracks - this game is for you.The game can be somewhat confusing at first, but it's pretty easy after half-an hour (would recommend reading lots of guides though, don't spoil yourself though).The difficulty isn't hard unless you are playing it at hard mode or something, it was my first time playing and I chose normal - it's not impposibleThe bosses are pretty great in my experience - not too easy but definitely not too hard (unless hard mode), either way, you will die more than 10 times (well I did) but that what makes it motivating and exiciting. Each boss requires different strategies and you will need more equipment and skills to improve your chances of defeating them easier.Personally, I found this game to have a really great enviroment, there are hidden items you need to find in order to unlock more gear and it's very self-satisfying once you find them all.Overall the game itself is a very great experience, it's oen of those games that leave you thinking in the end. I would defintely recommend it to anyone.Tl, dr: Get the game, you won't regret it-Pros^Well refined^Good execution^8/10 atmosphere^ Immersive^ Great combat, variety of weapons (but not a lot but all have good purposes)^Challenging bosses and variety of enemies, - each require different strategies or different skills/weapons to counter^Fair challenges for gears and items - they aren't too hard once  you master chain-dash (a skill you absolutely need for a less rage quit life). Some areas have challenges so don't expect to have it on the table easy.^ Great soundtrack^ Great enviroments, each region with different settings so get exploring-Cons^No text, so you'll be confused a bit (most stories are kind of self-explanatory though)^ Looking at the map can be quite a pain, you don't have an exact location but it will do^ A game where you understand kind of don't understand  so look at the wikipedia for info."
,Recommended,257850,30458140,Posted: 11 March,all,Stripper Factory,One of the best games I've ever played.
76561198119594750,Recommended,257850,30481050,Posted: 12 March,all,elllrazor,god
76561198075631247,Recommended,257850,30525650,Posted: 15 March,all,Well-timed meme,"Holy hell. If you like games at all, you have to have played this one. This game NAILED everything. More beautiful and artistic than most games, despite it´s pixel-style graphics, the lighting and colors are done especially well. Refreshing dungeon-crawlerish gameplay, with unique controls. Outstanding story, amazing soundtrack and sound-design and the one thing that makes this game a masterpiece - atmosphere. The story even brought me to tears at the end, somehow it was just built up reall well and it nailed the dystopian scifi-fantasy setting. 10/10 will play again."
,Recommended,257850,30526206,Posted: 15 March,all,LONIX,"I reccomend this game cuz, its amazing, have a good storyline (story without words) and awesome gameplay, totally worth your money and worth your time cuz i olny need like 7 hours of playing to finish this game 9/10"
,Recommended,257850,30537659,Posted: 16 March,all,66 65 63 65 73,some gool ol pastrami on rye wil help u beat this game
76561198357910600,Recommended,257850,30534483,Posted: 15 March,all,M.B,"I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME. ive seen it before and thought it looked cool but never really bought it but recently i had some extra cash and i can only say one thing I WANT MORE. i beat the game by itself on normal it took me 13 to finish the main storyline a little small but damm it was worth it the art is amazing the soundtrack god like ""though some of the boss fights i had played my own music"" and now im starting a new game+ save and a coop playthrough with a friend. kinda wish i was i wasent late for the party and signed up for the kickstarter becuse that alt drifter looks great i hope they release him to the public as dlc."
76561197979201325,Recommended,257850,30515591,Posted: 14 March,all,Pistol,"Gameplay:Borrows heavily from ""Zelda: A Link to the Past"". If you like that classic then Hyper Light Drifter is a must play. Combat is fun and mostly consists of dashing and slashing. There are guns as well, but you need to slash enemies to charge them up. This encourages players to use a mix of both swords and guns. Boss battles are excellent. A plethora of hidden rooms/items. I enjoyed searching for them as I made my way through the game.Graphics:Gorgeous pixel-art graphics. Think ""Sword & Sworcery"" meets ""Transistor"".Sound:Great music and sound-effects throughout the game.Story:Told through beautiful pixel-art cut-scenes and NPC's that show still-scenes of their past. Don't expect ""Bastion"" level story-telling. It's one of those games that doesn't need a strong focus on story to be enjoyable though. Good for its game type.Bottom-line:Zeltroidvania.Score: 09/10"
,Recommended,257850,30560462,Posted: 16 March,all,scrot,"Looks beautiful, incredibly atmospheric sountrack, intense gameplay. Very tough at times but I like that. Couldn't recommend this more, one of the best Indie games I've played in the past year."
,Recommended,257850,26021055,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Strides,"Let me just quickly explain some things because although it's cool how it tells you it's story using pictures and not words, the reason many people put it down because they have absolutely no idea what they are doing after the introYour goal is to go to the north, south, east and west and explore the areas and dungeons for 'modules' (pink diamonds/triangles) to access new areas make your way to the bosses who seem to be the 'henchmen' of the final boss.The game has secrets, which most secret rooms or invisible pathways (which you hold the pick up button to reveal briefly) have a small symbol on the ground next to them. secrets normally have 'gearbits' (Yellow glowy things) within them, which you use to get more upgrades by buying them at the shops in the town.Also selecting options on keyboard is a bit wonky since the game is designed to be played with a controller, just make sure whenever you have trouble selecting stuff in the main menu, try:.Pressing E.Pressing Enter.Clicking The Option"
,Recommended,257850,30669691,Posted: 22 March,all,Vincent,"Do you like the old Zelda games - like Zelda, A Link to the Past and Link's Awakening?This is like those games, except with high speed dodging, more use of guns and a steep learning curve. Make things easier for yourself - grab the serial dodge upgrade early and go for the eastern boss first."
,Recommended,257850,30646763,Posted: 20 March,all,Cyril,"First off; presentation-wise this is one of the best games I've ever seen. Gorgeous pixel art and animation, fantastic chill soundtrack. It's all great and I love it.Gameplay-wise... well, it's hard to match that, but the game is still pretty great. I especially love the aspects of exploration and secret-hunting, because no matter how deep you wanna go into it you're gonna have to do some learning as to how the game hides its secrets, and it's really quite clever most of the time. Sure, a few things I stumbled upon that I felt were a little sketchy but in general it's good stuff. And exploring a world this gorgeous... yeah. Mmm. That's the good stuff.The combat... well, it's a bit mixed. The various guns all feel nice and well, and the sword combat can be good to a point. I guess my biggest gripe is the dash, which is just really finicky and stiff, even with the upgrade. It's easy to get the rhythm down with no stress but in combat situations it's a bit too picky and often screws you up more than it helps. As well the game has a nasty habit of getting you stuck in stunlocks, and when you already have so little health to begin with, it feels a bit unfair at times. On the whole though the combat is fine, though not why I played this game.I'd definitely recommend checking this one out though, there's a fair bit of content and it's quite replayable, and it's really a joy to look at and explore the game world. And there's just so much to find everywhere. I love that. The combat, not as much, but I don't mind it. But it balances out to an enjoyable experience in the end."
,Recommended,257850,30661870,Posted: 21 March,all,Really Humble Guy,Great game. Reminded me of Furi with multiple enemies and didn't slack there. Haven't played new game + but will probably come back at some point to do so. Wasn't the longest game but was worth the price and more importantly was fun.
,Recommended,257850,22631589,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,don't_panda,Great game.Nothing more to say!
,Recommended,257850,30660424,Posted: 21 March,all,Sp1C3y B01,This is a masterpiece of a game. Take a world such as the original Legend of Zelda full of secrets and give it a combat system as hard and fun as Dark Souls. The game if I had to put it would be short and sweet. To get every achievement it took around 42 hours for me. It took around 15 to beat the game originally. With a great soudtrack and a beautiful art style this made the game my second favorite of 2016 and one of my favorite games of all time.
76561198162689843,Recommended,257850,22246182,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,"Hi, I'm Josh","This game is the perfect blend of Legend of Zelda, Dark Souls, and a dash of Shadow of the Colossus. The art style is great. Gameplay is fun and difficult but very rewarding. My only gripe, is that I want to play this game again, but I don't think I'm emotionally prepared to fight the northern boss again! (top tip: DO NOT GO NORTH FIRST... EVER!!!)10/10 would cough up pixelated blood again!"
76561198164443565,Recommended,257850,30606937,Posted: 18 March,all,D0CT0RM4TR1X,"Cool game, Great graphic, Has a very strange and beautiful sountrack, Got itself a Dark Souls kind of difficulity, A unique Wordless Story but overall a pretty Funtastic and Challenging game!"
,Recommended,257850,30583148,Posted: 17 March,all,judges119,"Hyper Light Drifter is one of the most gorgeous, aesthetically pleasing games I've played. A great reminder that ""good graphics"" doesn't have to mean cutting edge technology, just something that is enjoyable to watch.The eye candy is backed up by smooth controls, flowing combat, and sublime ambient music. The lack of dialogue when interacting with NPCs isn't a problem, they explain their stories and worries through short montages of pictures that can help pull you closer to their troubles.Getting stuck in walls or nooks can get a bit frustrating and breaks the flow of the game as you have to maneuvre out between branches of trees but that's a small nitpick in an otherwise great adventure."
,Recommended,257850,30564980,Posted: 17 March,all,Stranger Siren,"This game has beyond excellent art and visuals, along with smooth gameplay and an amazing soundtrack."
,Recommended,257850,30565764,Posted: 17 March,all,Vagabond,"A game with a unique form of pixel art that is very nice to look at with a great soundtrack, and sound design make for a really immeresive world. Story is never told, only shown. As for the story, it has quite the depressing feel on it. It really captures this constant sense of despair.Overall, great game. Combat is tight and difficult. Bosses are fun. World exploration is great. I'd highly recommend if you like a challenge with great visuals and music as a side."
76561198022299222,Recommended,257850,30416915,Posted: 9 March,all,Golem,"Very interesting game with a unique world, challenging combat and engaging-ish story. Certainly not the legend of zelda meets dark souls all these other reviewers proclaim it as, but a good game nonetheless. Wait for it to go on sale."
76561198127692561,Recommended,257850,30446497,Posted: 11 March,all,Hatler,"i know everyone in the review is saying this is a indie darksoul, but no, it's not. if you're looking for a indie darksoul, ""Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight"" is the game you are looking for.but it doesn't make this game any worse. it got it's unique style, form art to playstyle, it got it's own neet feeling.and it's quite challenging, i guess that's why people keep calling it darksoul but no, it's not darksoul, it's 15% darksoul at most. it ain't that hard either, just challenging, most bosses can be beaten in 2 or 3 tries, at least that's how i beat it.don't expect to get every achievement. i won't say it's impossible, but it will take you at least 50 hours even with guides, and as you see, it can be finished in around 10 to 15 hoursover all, it's a good game, if Samurai Jack S5 is a game, this is what it will look like"
,Recommended,257850,30433079,Posted: 10 March,all,*Ambiguously Ironic Username*,"Pros:-Fun and challenging gameplay-Amazing art style and soundtrack-Secret finding initially frustrating, but eventually became very satisfying-ASMR whenever you find a moduleCons:-The cutscenes are deafening-While the story isn't too difficult to figure out, it would have been nice if it wasn't as cryptic-Definitely not for someone who can't handle a challenge"
76561198026882159,Recommended,257850,30455265,Posted: 11 March,all,bourbonowns,"This game is a rare gem in an era of handholding, on-rails, cinematic hollywood games. Hyper Light Drifter is very similar to Metroid, Zelda, and Ecco the Dolphin in the best of ways. It is rife with secrets, challenging bosses, and incredibly satisfying combat. Your reactions and strategy can make a tough fight end in quick disaster, or an amazing dance of blades and energy weapons that ends in you surrounded by piles of defeated enemies. Not only this but the world is a beautiful place that you want to explore and get lost in. Few games properly blend gameplay, atmosphere and level design properly and Hyper Light Drifter manages to succeed.If you are a gamer that misses being lost, challenged and confused, a gamer that knows the thrill of a conquered boss fight, or learning of a new secret path or area, you must buy this game."
76561197997808749,Recommended,257850,22161219,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Sixthwind,"Gritty, post apocalyptic, atmospheric world? Check.Clean, responsive, finely tuned combat? Check.A fine mix of background tunes which suit each environment? Check.Amazing boss fights? Only fought one so far, but check check check check.If you're a fan of Bastion or the 2D Zeldas, you owe yourself this game. $10 dollars for a game of this calibre is great value, and from what I understand of the developers we are lucky that this game exists.Disclaimer: I've only played through one zone and halfway through two others. I'm reviewing to encourage early sales of what has been an amazing game."
76561198084505745,Recommended,257850,22195555,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,End of the Century Emperor,"You play as the child verson of the final boss in Risk of Rain, dashing around and doing puzzles.feels like Dungeon of Endless, legend of Zelda and risk of rain put together in this 2D/3D adventure.really good, enjoyable, frustrating game."
,Recommended,257850,22195752,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Chaotic134,I've been explaining it to everyone the same way. It's like if Bastion and Titan Souls had a baby and the music from Fez delivered it. If you like any of those games then you should buy this one.
,Recommended,257850,22196194,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Organic Matter,"This game is stunning, BUT ITS SO HARD. i only just beat the first boss, but it took me a LONG time just to get there.If you like Action/Adventure games you will like this. If you like a hard game, then you LOVE this game. Give this game a try and you will see what im talking about."
,Recommended,257850,22185441,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,kosta,"challenging but fair.  doesn't hold your hand.  brilliant soundtrack; gorgeous art (if you're into pixel art).  simple, but complicated.  needs co-op multiplayer and challenge modes pretty badly, but I think those are coming (TM).  soulsborne-esque."
,Recommended,257850,22173032,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Neoiel,"The minimalist pixel graphics are drop dead gorgeous, the OST has an amazing alien-esque Isao Tomita vibe, the gameplay is solid and obviously inspired by both Zelda and Dark Souls.  it's just astounding the heart that went into this game.  It truly shows and it's an incredible labor of love.  The only thing that might be off putting to today's gamer is the old school level of challenge.  Couple that with the fact that the game doesn't hold your hand and literally explains nothing to you and you have a recipe for a love it or hate it experience.Personally the challenge and minimal dialogue/explanations leaves this gem with a sense of mystery and intrigue, it's plucking at heartstrings that haven't been plucked in ages.  The feels man, haven't felt like this since games like Secret of Mana and other great legendary SNES rpg/adventure games ruled the roost.  Alex Preston and Heart Machine nailed it.  As a fellow artist, I've been inspired, this is truly art in game form."
,Recommended,257850,22186016,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,shimmy_skywalker,Amazing graphics and music
,Recommended,257850,22186440,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,takemepapatrump,"Fantastic game. Plays like a zelda/diablo-esque game with some dark souls difficulty and worldbuilding thrown in. The game is very, very challenging, but rewarding when you get the combat figured out.The art direction is absolutely stunning, and the music has an ethereal quality that fits the world well. Its absolutely dripping in atmosphere, and I regularly stopped moving to admire the scenery.If you can get over the difficulty, it's absolutely worth the money."
,Recommended,257850,22186625,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Emperor SUCCatine,A beautiful game with the difficulty of dark souls and great combat.
,Recommended,257850,22194397,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DurandalCorp,"This is a great piece of gaming and art. The play style is just to my liking. If you like exploration and action based fighting, you'll love this game. I love the skill system and how it all works together to make you feel strong, but not overpowered. Loved all the boss fights. Took a couple tries, but managable. I recommend this to everyone."
76561198044873794,Recommended,257850,22194665,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Uranus Is A Gas Giant,Wonderful!
,Recommended,257850,22194677,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Sammich,"Hyper Light Drifter, although easy to love, and excellent in many ways, is a game the requires patience. The blood lust and pain can get very real- But, I assure you the shotgun brings them all to their knees."
,Recommended,257850,27763040,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,notlucky13,"zelda 1 meets dark souls + modern game design.   The gameplay is solid and fun, the world is interesting and full of secrets, the pixel art is absolutely beautiful, and the music is perfectly fitting as well.  The game can be frustratingly difficult at times, but overall is very enjoyable."
76561198272071960,Recommended,257850,22715479,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Americanfawaffle,"I love the game, and I have almost collected all the extra goddies and have started NG+ and I couldn't be happier. The visuals and music set up the atmostfear and story (however vauge it may be) that makes the game seem complex and stunning. Many compare it to Zelda and other popular titles but I have found that the story goes much deeper and that the combat may be similar, the games are very different. The titans and small details portray a story that doesn't need words, only the gamers imagination. Art and music that show the calm after the war or the absence of people."
,Recommended,257850,22178830,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Rydyell,"I've only spent an hour, but this game is great! The atmosphere created by the music, art style and lack of text interaction with NPC's is incredible. I'm genuinely curious about the world and searching for clues in the levels. Very interesting concepts, very excited to finish it."
76561198102616732,Recommended,257850,22179647,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Thane_of_the_North,"Hyper Light Drifter is one of those games you chew on as you go along.I've only played 39 minutes, died eight times (twice from falling by dashing too short), and yet I can already tell that THIS GAME GON' BE GOOOOOOOD.I would recommend playing with a controller. The keyboard and mouse controls are ok, but the game intends for you to play with a controller.Beautiful music, beautiful atmosphere, and a world that makes my imagination soar (and then get killed by 15+ enemies).10/10 would get massacred thanks to stupidity again."
,Recommended,257850,22179740,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,piedol,"Dark Souls 3 is still a week away. This'll do just fine as a hold-over for those of you who enjoy punishing skill-based gameplay. Fantastic atmosphere, graphics, and sound. Definitely worth the asking price."
,Recommended,257850,22182691,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Ice Rhymers,"It's like a Dark Souls and A link to the past.Pros:-Fun combat-Good art-Challenging gameplay but not impossible-Nice Music, Complements the games atmosphere-Controls are simple and easy to remember-Simple user interface, can access anything with 2 or 3 button pressesCons:-30 frames per second lock, little hard on my eyes but does not take away from gameplay-Had a hard time getting the game to start, make sure you're not using intergrated graphics or it will just crash instantly.Fun/10 - I died again"
76561198048555474,Recommended,257850,22183865,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,FrozenFalcon,"First impressions: Absolutely love the graphical style. Gameplay is simple, intuitive yet punishing: you will die a lot, but you will know why. Requires keen yet for hidden stuff, but nothing I've found has been hidden too well (look at that sampling bias). No complaints at this point; movement and combat flow well, without being too easy, the world is very immersive (if you like the graphical style), and overall the game does the non-linear exploration really well: It's like someone picked the best stuff from Zeldas and Super Metroid and made the combat better. Absolutely brilliant."
76561198022588184,Recommended,257850,22180792,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,TheArtofRawr,A great victory for humans!
,Recommended,257850,22184930,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Mike Hunt,not for filthy casuals
76561198032871231,Recommended,257850,22184075,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Basile,"A masterpiece, a true hommage, a work of passionate people and true artist.Thank you guys !"
,Recommended,257850,22179195,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ApocalypseMaow,I don't have to wait for DSIII to torture myself!!!
76561198067403148,Recommended,257850,22184424,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Commissar Penrose,♥♥♥♥♥rip simulator the game.
,Recommended,257850,22162883,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,CodeBang,IT'S AMAAAAAAAAAZIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING!!!  :DCan't stop. Won't stop. It's like Zelda and Dark Souls and there's guns and it's all sci-fi and there's like Titans and junk. STOP READING WHY AREN'T YOU PLAYING YET.
,Recommended,257850,22188854,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Unseen Tuba,"Ok so I picked this game up because it looked rather interesting. It is really worth it so far.The visual style is beautiful, and distinct. Frankly this game has some of the nicest pixel art I have seen in a long while. it is colorful and vivid while also being somewhat somber and imposing in places.The sound in the game is quite effective. There has not been any instances of music that doesn't fade into the background yet, but i have only played for an hour and a bit. The music is weird and alien but also sort of relaxing. All of the sound effects, from the soft footstep of your charecter to the meaty whoosh of your sword are just lovely to hear.The story is interesting enough, the world ended somehow and you are trying to fix it I think? It can be vague at times because there is no text based exposition only (admitedly gorgeous) vingettes. Over all it is interesting but vague, and I suspect this was the point.The combat is where the game really got me. This game is hard, but in the same vein as dark souls, death is not a huge thing. You will die alot, however death just starts you again at the start of the room. As a result you need to complete the whole room in one go. So you get desperate near the end of the room. But something just kept me trying. The combat feels nice; your sword makes a nice impact and you can zip around the room with a boost ability to keep things moving fast. You have little health but so do the enemies. As a result you need to think on your feet and be precise with your attacks because you can't spam them.The main problem I have is that the game is locked at 30 fps and this can be a little jenky when the screen scrolls but it is not a huge problem; at least for me.Well this ended up being a wall of text, my bad. TL;DR: looks great, sounds great, very difficult but satisfying, fps locked at 30, story a bit vague. 8/10 if you want a challenge then give this a try."
,Recommended,257850,22188860,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,thunderleg,Drifter Souls.
,Recommended,257850,22188862,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,LordTacodip,Beautiful atmosphere. Incredible soundtrack. It's amazing that this game captured the awe and wonder I felt when I was a little baby Asian boy playing games like Legend of Zelda.10/10 am willing to salt my fries with the tears of my frustration of dying over and over.
,Recommended,257850,22188973,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,VorlundCrow,"Obtain double-dashDash into inanimate objectsLaugh so hard I almost hyperventilateContinue dashing into walls, trees, guards etc.Make no further progress in the game.10/10 goty."
,Recommended,257850,22189195,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Heliolisk,"Absolutely gorgeous sprites in a languageless game battle it out for survival. No words, no commentary provided. Just battle and survive in a world that you're trying to find answers in.Absolutely stunning premise and one of the more engaging experiences I've ever had, it's not exceedingly long as I'm almost done but expect to spend some extra time or to gain time depending on your skill level."
76561198021839074,Recommended,257850,22171257,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Vohl,"The Pixel Art alone should be enough for you to get this gameand... the rest is awesome! Dont waste your time reading, buythis game!"
,Recommended,257850,22190100,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,blublublub,ITS FUN N HARD. THE MUSIC IS TIGHT. PIXELS ARE TIGHT
,Recommended,257850,22190142,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Alpha_liam,"Simply put, this game is amzing. Even if you don't think you would like this game, buy it anyway because the first half hour will pretty much tell you if you like it. If you dont then refund it. In my opinion this game's price is a steal for the quality of the game itself."
,Recommended,257850,22190223,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Biotic Grandma,"After playing this game for three hours, I can already tell you that I am in love with this game. Its like Dark Souls, The Legend of Zelda, and Metroid had a baby. The music is top notch, the visuals are staggeringly impressive, and the controls are fluid and easy to get used to. I will come back and write a full spoiler free review when I've completed the game. Until then, I can almost assure you that this is a game you will not regret buying."
76561198072191023,Recommended,257850,22190261,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,LΣΣ⌠Φ¥ ⌡£∩K▌ⁿs,"Wow. Definitely gonna be in my top 10 games of the year.This game is... amazing.The artThe musicThe cryptic, awe inspiring atmosphere and vague storyWOW.Don't bother looking at lets plays or whatever for this gameBuy it.In only the hour or so I've played at the time of writing this review, this game has already surpassed all of my expectations.Hell, I was impressed within a couple seconds of the opening cutscene.Man, I'll be sure to be paying attention to whatever studio made this (I can't seem to remember at this point in time). If they make more stuff like this... whew.92 (million)/10."
,Recommended,257850,22190338,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Big Mubble,"Beautiful game, but pretty difficult fights. Guaranteed to make you want to kill yourself."
76561198120365698,Recommended,257850,22190372,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Rim job master,"you play as space elf, you get ♥♥♥♥♥, the end"
,Recommended,257850,22190378,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,BrightOrangePants,"A couple hours in, it's already exceeded my expectations.  Gorgeous pixel art and fun exploration.  Also a thrumming, haunting soundtrack.  Very reminiscent of the world building Fez achieved."
76561198059919166,Recommended,257850,22190249,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,เด่นดี,Pretty cool
76561198032446780,Recommended,257850,22190433,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Ghets,"Awesome surrealistic sci-fi game full of fun action. Can be hard at times, but is manageable."
,Recommended,257850,22190468,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Salamandrew,"Hyper light drifter is a game I was waiting for, and it finally came. And I feel, given the size/playtime of the game, the cost is justified. It is a very challenging, fun game, like a less tanky bullet hell. Something you have to keep in mind, however, is that unless you use a gamepad (xbox 0ne/360, ps4) the game is not nearly as fun."
,Recommended,257850,22190481,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,BilboSwaggins,"The best game I have played in Years. A beautiful mixture of atmosphere and environment, an incredible soundtrack, extremely solid and challenging combat, beautifully balanced difficulty, secret passages and a fun upgrade system. completing the game is no simple task, and finding all the hidden goodies is another story entirely.Hyper light Drifter earns a 9.5/10"
76561198089494916,Recommended,257850,22190579,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,dannykenpachi (丹尼·肯帕奇,I love this game but I wish it was longer and had more guns and swords and costumes ect
76561198048692864,Recommended,257850,22190583,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Fox Fire,"Really fun game, the audio and visuals are amazing.Challenging combat with a sort of Legend of Zelda and Metroidvania feel.Tons of secrets and collectables are hidden throughout the world for you to find.I just wish that the game was longer."
,Recommended,257850,22190858,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Dragon Wagon,Good graphics. Good music. Good gameplay. Good atmosphere. Good Game!
76561198250784110,Recommended,257850,22187390,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,nathanmeunier,Super gorgeous. Super tough. One of the best games I've played all year. Loving ever minute of it.
,Recommended,257850,22187484,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Luc Ienn,"It's been a tough road to the end. Not necessarily completion...just the end. And what a journey it was. I faced against ninja frogs, cultist birds and bands of canine warriors fighting a pointless battle. The world around me was in ruins, crumbling from a history that nobody even knew anymore; all they could see it as was just the natural environment. All I had was a small little hovering robot that followed me like a lost child, an etheral sword that I could pull out in a flash, and one HECK of a wicked warp-dash.Seriously. Covet the warp-dash.Hyper Light Drifter only explicitly tells you a maximum of six or seven things, and it's just how to use the controls. NPCs only speak in (surprisingly detailed) pictures and little grunts and whispers. The game doesn't want to tell you anything else, and that's okay. Once you have the basics down, it's time for you to really use them. And seriously, this is coming from a person who died against the first enemy at full health...this game isn't going to go easy on you.So that means you shouldn't go easy on it.Once you beat your first boss (one of three at the start, the fourth locked off until later), you're going to wonder how you did it. You'll put the controller down carefully, take a breather, and you'll look at your one pip of health left HOPING that there isn't some small creature around the corner about to gobble you up. But once you reach the second boss, you'll have begun to understand a bit about what you can do, and what your opponent can do. You'll have picked up some equipment that will help you beat this opponent and all of their abilities. Or...you'll give up on the second one. Maybe.What's excellent is that you CAN give up, at least on the boss. Take a breather! Go find a different area to explore, go practice your skills, hunt for gold, do what you want until you feel ready again. The game's open structure isn't necessarily open-world, but you'll be able to pop in and out of any zone whenever you want, even in the deepest dungeons. The only real downside is you'll have to re-kill the smaller baddies on the way back to the boss later.By the time I had faced all the obstacles before I could face the game's climax, I felt like a bonafide pro. Even in the last boss fight, as difficult as it was, I felt like a hardened veteran who could figure out the perfect moments to strike, and the most efficient way to stay out of harm's reach. Needless to say, this game does incredible things to your self esteem should you succeed.Now, I'm faced with a New Game+ option, but I don't even think I have seen all the game has to offer yet! There are areas on the map I haven't even figured out how to get to yet, and I'm still missing so many items that it's a wonder I was ready to face the final boss so soon...I'm not even sure if it was the real final boss! Once I feel like I can take on it again, I'm diving back in again to see if my knowledge of the game will get me to the right places I need to be.And that reminds me: explore EVERYTHING. Just as a personal tip. If even one pixel looks suspicious, take that risk and check it out. It could just be a bottomless pit. It could just be your imagination. But check anyways. You'll always be rewarded for perseverance.Final Thoughts:This game is very similar to another game, which happens to be a source of major inspiration to it. From both the art direction to the music (both games' soundtracks by Disasterpeace, if you missed that), Hyper Light Drifter is the Fez of action games. It's convoluted at times, incredibly difficult to wrap your head around, and never has anything coherent to tell you...but it's a journey that's worth taking to the end. Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go and take it beyond the end, and figure out where the heck some of these missing items are!"
76561198209376264,Recommended,257850,22187638,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,spazgasm,absolutely excellent game love it! thanks everyone at Heart Machine =]
,Recommended,257850,22187785,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Artificially,"For going in blind it is a wonderful surprise. The art is really good but don't let that fool you. Charish your medpacks and be prepared to die a lot. This game is as hard as it is beautiful. If you have a short temper, you should probably stay away, but for everyone else, you should check it out yourself."
76561198079945544,Recommended,257850,22187870,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Woodzy,NG+ is really hard
76561198034822646,Recommended,257850,22188080,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Barrick,The charming game world and visual feast will leave you wanting more.
76561198071931693,Recommended,257850,22168017,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ah haa!,"At the time of writing this I have almost beaten the western area, done about half of the Northen and a quarter of the eastern area.Aesthetically the game is beautiful, colourful and full of character. enemy design is unique so far (including ninja frogs!) and the sound design is beyond incredible. All of these things combined makes a fully immersive and interesting world that is suprisingly grim.Combat is fluid and very fun, as well as really bloomin' difficult. Actually if a really tough challenge isn't your cup of tea you will probably end up smashing your head into your desk. That being said when i (finally) beat the first boss I cannot describe the feeling I had. Much alike in a souls game the boss fight was a continuous learning curve until i had a solution for each attack and phase, there is no way that anyone will beat that guy on there first attempt i'm telling you.I am slightly worried that the game will be too short, having not finished it yet, but there are still around 20 upgrades left to get and i have only had 2 in the 3-4 hours i've played so i'm sure it'll be fine.It's absolutely worth picking up though, hands down the best time i have had in a looooong time."
,Recommended,257850,22166867,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,FilfyCasul,"This game is awesome albeit veeeeery difficult. I'm a super casual gamer though, so for some people this might be easy.At the start I thought this game was just unfair, for example your health items lock you in place for a moment, allowing you to get hit by enemies who attack in quick succession. Or the fact that you can't dash through enemies (or bullets, but there's an upgrade that let's you do that). I had died countless times, and was ready to give up. But i noticed i was getting slightly better with each death, and the mechanics were just another challenge too overcome.What i'm trying to say is just don't give up. It feel's unfair at the start, but the combat and platforming is just so perfectly crafted to be difficult yet fair.Also if you've seen screenshots of this game then I don't have to tell you that it's beautiful.The soundtrack is beautiful too, ambient in an action game helps to keep at it without getting frustrated or pumped up by a rock soundtrack or something.Buy it.EDIT: I forgot to mention I completed it in one sitting, which i don't do very often. (the game is a bit on the shorter side, but only a handful of people made it, and it's so polished that it's short but sweet)."
,Recommended,257850,22167326,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,omega f0x,Rewarding combat and amazing artstyle.
,Recommended,257850,22165021,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ethzshadow (TrueFox),"Finally, I fell in love with this game the moment I saw it, and it has finally released. Its got gorgeous art, soundtrack, and plays fabulously. The game has TONS of secrets and things to find on top of just going from place to place finishing the bosses. One thing though, grab a controller, the game was made for one."
,Recommended,257850,22165319,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ManCannon,"What can you really say? Just watch one trailer and you'll immediately recognize how uniquely gorgeous the graphics are. Seriously, the visuals elicit an almost physical response -- they're that good! Couple the fantastic art with an ambient electronic soundtrack that nails the mood down perfectly, swelling from haunting atmospherics to empowering battle music, each complementing both the exploration and the brutally difficult (but totally fair), lightning fast combat respectively.The grand feeling of solitude this adventure evokes is both haunting and empowering. As your character progresses, earning purchasable upgrades through hard won collectables (either through combat or exploration), you really get a sense of newfound power with each new ability. And you will need them, because pretty much every enemy in the game can be deadly if not kept a keen eye on -- especially if they ambush you en masse.The story is told simply and unobtrusively, through exploration and pictorial ""conversations"" that allow you to infer what this world is about rather than being beat over the head with endless text boxes or overwrought cutscenes. Some may yearn for a more conventional, straightforward narrative, but I for one prefer this kind of understated, but actually very effective approach.This game just exudes quality and attention to detail. It's a lovingly crafted world that's both a joy to behold, and a real struggle to survive within; both the feeling of discovery and the sense of danger are expertly balanced and impeccably paced. I cannot recommend this title enough."
,Recommended,257850,22165352,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,yadude,Hyper Light Drifter is a brilliantly crafted action adventure RPG extravaganza.
,Recommended,257850,22178693,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Walker,Works great with a wireless 360 controller
76561198078693579,Recommended,257850,22175578,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,JonStep123,"It's like dark soul but with pixel graphic, the combat also fast paced, the control for me is okay because i am use xbox controller."
76561197970546336,Recommended,257850,22174150,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,hbk_keptn,"beautiful atmosphere, awesome soundtrack and sounddesign, unique graphic style, slick animations.If you are into pixel art and played zelda as a kid, you will enjoy this game very much."
,Recommended,257850,30825435,Posted: 29 March,all,Xezile,"Beautiful, challenging, and most importantly fun."
,Recommended,257850,24385526,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Heisenberg,"Absolutely brilliant game, usually I am not a fan of puzzle games. But this Game manages to set a masterfully crafted composition of puzzles, beautiful art styles, fun gameplay, and an intriguing story.11/10 Would bang."
76561198236166800,Recommended,257850,24385667,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,DCBii679,An amazing game. Can't wait to see what heart machine does next
,Recommended,257850,30825395,Posted: 29 March,all,Ronin_Warder,"Loved this game, right there on par with Chrono Trigger from my childhood. It was a great pleasure to play this one!"
76561198082255775,Recommended,257850,24290960,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Naru-chan,this game is fantastic i love the art style the game play is tight and well made bosses are fun but difficult all around well made game
,Recommended,257850,24293833,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,|-|4\/\/k3,Really well made game. There isnt really much else to say about it
,Recommended,257850,24288452,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,thebistr0math,"This is probably the most interesting game I've ever played. I dont know exactly how to describe what this feels like, but you will not be dissapointed if you drop money on this."
76561198126910769,Recommended,257850,24232956,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,jamesq,"I almost didn't bother with this because of the reviews saying it had poor controls. Glad I didn't listen. This game is awesome. Art, level design, music, combat are all top notch. Really unique experience, highly recommended. Pretty short though, I completed it in 7 hours. Also, it's really not very difficult, so don't let all the reviews saying it's hard put you off either. The only exception is the last boss who, to be fair, is pretty damn hard."
76561198141204086,Recommended,257850,24224334,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Sync_,"This game blew me away. Not just with its stunning visuals, extremely addicting yet simple fighting mechanics, or its many hidden secrets, but with its ability to keep me trying over and over. For starters, this game is quite difficult, so it really has the potential to make you angry when you can't pass that one room even after 25 tries, but that just doesn't happen here. It's difficult to explain, but the most frustrating parts in this game, are still ridiculously fun. The best part about Hyper Light Drifter, is that there was no point during the game where I felt like I was playing filler material, or was internally thinking ""C'mon, lets get to the good part!"". Every second of this game is entertaining. I, for one, was a little wary of this game when most reviews were between the 10-20 hour mark, claiming that they had beaten the game. I was under the impression that this game wouldn't provide enough entertainment value for me for its price. I was wrong. So, so wrong. While in my 18 hours I have managed to beat the game (full storyline) I haven't nearly done everything there is to do, or unlocked every item, theres just so much stuff to discover. But even if I had completely finished the game, I would have zero regrets. In my 18.6 hours there was not a single boring moment, and for that alone I would wholeheartedly recommend Hyper Light Drifter for anyone who is looking for a fun, yet challenging singleplayer experience."
76561198161947940,Recommended,257850,24260832,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Horbanheisen,"Amazing graphics (needless to say), very dark but captivating story, plethora of things to discover, and a lot of fun! Also its cahllenging which makes it even better. 10/10 recommending to er body lol, Serious if you are a fan of pixel art games in any way, you will love it."
76561198095720406,Recommended,257850,24258288,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,lionsknights,"This game is great! I've been having a lot of fun with it, but the only problem is it needs more content maybe some dlc."
76561198076300429,Recommended,257850,24254340,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Axel_Cat/t.tv,"I'm not finished with this game yet at the point when I wrote this, but I can say that I will probably have played it through at least a few times. The art style, soundtrack, and silent aspect gave me chills as I played through the interesting story. The combat was challenging, but it had it's easy points. Very good game, I think its worth the money.- 10/10 story was 2 gud"
,Recommended,257850,24264718,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Jetoack,"I just played this game and... It's amazing.There isn't a single word spoken in the entire game, leaving it solely up to interpretation.It looks amazing and it's very atmospheric.It's soundtrack is like Bastion (It fits the moment but not super remeberable).It's hard, but death isn't ever too punishing.And most importantly, It's very fun.Also symbolism."
,Recommended,257850,24266053,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ehMGee,"Hyper Light Drifter is a masterpiece and an example for continueing to support indie devsthe pros:-the story may be unnarrated but all the details in the map and cutscenes (and the slideshows that are used instead of text for talking with npcs) is clear enough that i can get a good idea of things that transpired without the need for in-depth explaination.-the gameplay is quite fun and flows well. you have many options in the ways you can deal with each instance of combat-there is a lot of replayability in that there are many secrets you probably won't even find on your 2nd playthrough without help and there is a fun little minigame unlocked when you beat a couple bosses.-the world design is beautiful and intricate and there are many things to be seen in the backgrounds and objects that set a tone for the game.-exploration rewards you with gearbits and keys to get upgrades and weapons/costumes-♥♥♥♥ing satisfying as hell to playthe cons:-the graphics are a little low res, but this can be a pro if you have an open mind about it-finding the modules (crystals in the floors to open the doors) can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥-there are a lot of hidden rooms that are impossible to find unless you blindly walk into walls-hours of frustration will ensue, can be a pro due to the feeling you get when you do beat the west and north boss. souls fans will c*m multiple times-hard to be satisfied by other games since this is better than plenty of tripple A studio gamesSERIOUSLY, BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME, OR YOU'LL REGRET IT.WHY ARE YOU STILL READING THIS GO BUY THE GODDAMN GAME"
,Recommended,257850,24266499,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,QS,"This game scratches a certain 2d zelda itch that I've had for years.There is very little in the way of a story, but the solid gameplay more than makes up for it. The combat is smooth, balanced, and very satisfying to execute. The exploration elements are decent."
76561198129468751,Recommended,257850,24519608,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,gptnsp,"원래 스팀으로는 손가락 바쁜 게임을 잘 안하는데 재밌게 했습니다 그리고 역시 존예입니다NG+는 모르겠지만 한 번 깨는건 그렇게 어렵지 않습니다 즐거운 난이도다만 컬렉터블을 모두 모을 생각이신 분은일단 최대한 꼼꼼히 보면서 다니시고 또 지역별로 몇개 찾았는지 적어두시면,, 저처럼 시간낭비는 안 하실듯I usually don't do action games with keyboard+mouse but it was nice. Such a beautiful gameI haven't tried the NewGame+ yet but it wasn't that hard to go through the game once.If you're planning to search for all the collectibles, I recommend that you jot down how many you've found from an area.I spent a bit too many hours looking for what I've missed.."
,Recommended,257850,23413850,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Call me Cadejo,"It's sort of like Bastion meets Evangelion. It's pretty, the soundtrack is total ear candy, and holy @#$& is it hard, but it is worth it. one of the most engaging games I've played in a looooong while."
,Recommended,257850,23437755,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Hattori,"Outstanding visual style and pixel art complemented by a beautiful soundtrack composed by the always great Disasterpeace are the big selling points of this game, but the gameplay doesnt stray away from them either.Combat is fast paced and frenetic and will leave you on edge until the end of every encounter, and it strikes that great balance of you dying in a few hits, but also the enemies dying in a few hits.The combat system is very simple with only a few moves you can purchase, but it does have depth for those searching for it. Just dont expect something like Devil May Cry or Metal Gear Rising, because this isnt that kind of game.Its not a hard game, despite what so many people seem to be attributing to it, but it is challenging and will punish the less focused players.If there is a negative that I can point to the gameplay, it might be the locked 30fps, which I found to screw me over sometimes in the more mob concentrated areas. There were some slight hick ups and slowdowns when I needed the most smooth performance possible, but its nothing game breaking. And maybe those were just faults I threw at the game for my bad play, I cant seriously tell.If you like uncovering secrets and hidden areas, then this game is for you, filling every area and dungeon of the game with nooks and crannies for you to find out. That alone might extend your playtime, if you are the kind of person that cant leave a game without beating it at 100%.The game is very open right at the start, letting you choose where to go out of 3 areas. This might lead to some frustrating encounters with challenging enemies, but you can always teleport yourself back to the hub area and proceed to another part of the map.The game is very non intrusive, showing text only in the tutorial area and leaving you to figure out the rest by yourself.There are even gameplay mechanics that you will have to uncover without help from the game, and you will need it to beat some of the secret areas.This non intrusiveness also extends itself to the story and plot of the game. It follows the Dark Souls route, where the plot is very obtuse and will not hand hold you into figuring it out. It opens up with what seems like a feverish dream and it bombards you with alot of apocalyptic and symbolic imagery, and after that its all gameplay with very little interruption, leaving its world building and characters to tell you what you might consider to be the plot of the game.You either feel invested enough to dig deep into it, or you just play the game and finish it with the same knowledge as you did when starting it. I believe everyone's reaction to the ending will be ""I have no idea what the story was in this game""That being a negative or a positive will depend from person to person, but I enjoy when a game doesnt force feed me its plot and lore, the idea of a videogame is interactiveness, and the story should be a part of that as well.The atmosphere, feeling and art design of the world alone make up for that lack of narrative, and I think people will leave satisfied from this game either way.As for cons in general, I'd say the game ends a bit abruptly, with a very anticlimatic last area and what I felt was a very underwhelming and easy final boss. I could have seen myself playing a few more hours of the game no problem.But other than that, fantastic experience, and one of my favorite games of 2016"
76561198264479607,Recommended,257850,23499750,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Rose,"Stunningly beautiful scenery and design, evocative music, a perplexing story, and rock solid core gameplay make this one of my favorite games of these last several years. Hyper Light Drifter is heavily reminiscent of older SNES or NES Legend of Zelda or even Castlevania style games, however it has a smooth, flowing system that makes confronting even the game's most brutal and unrelenting challenges feel fluid and skillful.In terms of characters, I'm genuinely surprised with how much I've been encaptured by the game's small 'cast' if you can even honestly call it that. It's characters are tragically loveable, even though not a single one speaks a word.All in all, if you have the spare cash, pick this up, but be ready for a legitimate challenge as well as a legitimately interesting story."
,Recommended,257850,23501030,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,[MG] Professor Petaflop,"It's a very cool game, but i can't seem to do well in it."
,Recommended,257850,22172814,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Flomaticc,"8bit Dark Souls, This game will challenge you and reward you with a skill set you cannot get in any other 8bit game! 5 minutes into the game I could tell this game had made my top favorites! Music is good, Gameplay is Good. No other 8bit that really compares! BUY IT."
76561198067622511,Recommended,257850,22172965,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Mykgaar,This game is fantastic.you have to buy it.it's f@*$!ng sweet.seriously.
,Recommended,257850,22173004,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ImperialPanda,yea it's pretty good
76561198065848984,Recommended,257850,22173046,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,T-Rektz,"Absolutely amazing. I can't put it down (except for this review). It's challenging in every single way, and beautifully put together in an 8 bit reality. It is hard, and I've cursed so many times, but this game has the nostalgic air of Zelda mixed with Demon/Dark Souls. If I could, I'd rate it higher. Love this game. ♥♥♥♥ing buy it slumps."
,Recommended,257850,22173088,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Fez,"This game is by far the best indie game I have ever played. While I'm not a fan of the dashing method (trust me, you'll see what I mean), on the Gamepad controller, everything I've played so far is exactly what I wanted from this game. I only watched that trailer a hundred times, only. The game doesn't lend you a hand, it just drops you in this gorgeous pixelated world and you get to explorer and solve the story for yourself. I am totally imersed in it and I can't wait to play more of it. It may frustrate me at times, but that just makes me want to play it more and beat it. Totally worth the price."
76561198189841078,Recommended,257850,22173118,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,carlos.m.loyola,BUY IT!!!  JUST BUY IT!!!
,Recommended,257850,22173298,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,rotinaj,it's pretty cool how a game with no dialogue can have a better plot than most every game I've ever played
76561198016522394,Recommended,257850,22173328,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,yukula34,Just started playing it. It gives me this samurai jack vibe and i absolutely love it. Also love the way it teaches you about the world and your role in it. Awesome aesthetic so far. Top notch sound design and overall game design. ( Googled the developer to see what are they about. One can clearly see the passion and hard work that went into this title. )LOVE IT !
,Recommended,257850,22173410,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Caaarrl,"Overly generic review here, but imagine Zelda, coupled with Dark Souls , in beautiful pixel animation and you have Hyperlight Drifter.I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone who can't handle a tough boss fight, need their hand held ,or lots of things on screen at once. Be prepared to die, die again, die again better.Only thing it's missing is an obnoxious ""you died""  like text when you die."
,Recommended,257850,22170117,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,scarletcatalie,"TL;DR Hyper Light Drifter is beautiful.It's also pretty damn hard, which is something the game doesn't particularly advertise. At parts, the game can get crowded with fast foes, or turn to near bullet-hell levels of precise dodging, but I found it to be mostly fair (as someone coming from way-too-many-hours in Nuclear Throne, that said).Overall, my first playthrough took me six hours. Those were six of the most deeply atmospheric hours in games I've spent. I've still New Game + to go through now, and grabbing the stuff I missed first time around. It's definitely for me, worth the ten, fifteen bucks. The combat is possibly going to get repetitive for some, but enemy variety helps to mix things up and keep you on your toes; not to even mention the bosses, which are brutal. The story is kept very vague and low key, no dialogue throughout; it works here though. The audio is distinctly reminiscent of a more sombre version of FEZ; both titles have scores by Disasterpeace. It works to create a similar atmosphere, though Hyper Light Drifter is definitely more of a mystery in tone.I'd reccomend this to people who love beautiful art and audio in their games, as well as challenging hack n' slash gameplay. There's some very light puzzling on a core playthrough, but hints that there may be more to it."
,Recommended,257850,22170126,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,AnPostman,"Incredible from start to finish. I played this in one sitting because I just could not put it down, and I'm going to be going back for more. Fantastic gameplay, amazing artwork, worth every penny."
76561197979225443,Recommended,257850,22170250,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,rice-cooker,NES Hard
76561198151665307,Recommended,257850,22170343,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,5K GOD,"What an amazingly polished and entertaining game; not only is the graphic style gorgeous and crisp, the soundtrack and gameplay are also finely tuned masterpieces. I just recently beat the first boss of the game(Which, while being extremely difficult and taking me around 7 or 8 tries, was very fair and entertaining. Not to mention how satisfying the moment of victory was) and felt like it was time for a quick breather before diving back in. I would put more effort into this review if I wasn't itching to get back to playing this absolute treasure of a game.10/10"
,Recommended,257850,22170395,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Pluto,a game where getting health packs is actually essential. 10/10
,Recommended,257850,22170551,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,blimeyslimey,"I was really hoping this would be the Souls/Zelda inspired action RPG that the trailers presented and I surely haven't been dissapointed in what I've played so far. I personally needed something like this; it's tough but not so tough that I'm going to shut the game down. I felt inclined to keep trying to get through the creature gauntlets and the first boss - even though I was making stupid mistakes, causing my own death.My stamp of approval means nothing but it's got it!"
76561198054956552,Recommended,257850,22167113,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,D1ckypr0st41nt,"So I just marathoned this game and finished it in one sitting, took about 6 hours, I know it says I have more than six but at least 2 hours were spent wandering around aimlessly and losing my goddamn mind in the magic forest.All in all the games pretty good."
,Recommended,257850,22170626,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,AD,"The exploration of Zelda with a more metroidvania twist, brought together by a punishing but brilliant and methodical combat system inspired by Dark Souls. If you like any three of the series that I just mentioned, this game is definitely for you."
76561198031490095,Recommended,257850,22170794,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,The Mountain Goat,"Engaging visuals and quick, responsive combat. Pretty much no hand-holding. Reminds me of Dark Souls meets Bastion."
76561198000703525,Recommended,257850,22171070,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Jedi Master Congas,just buy it. and die. a lot
,Recommended,257850,22171161,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,chendawg,"Dark Souls-lite with an isometric perspective, absolutely gorgeous pixel art, and a wicked soundtrack."
,Recommended,257850,22189802,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Katar,"You will dieYou will get frustratedIf you get hit over two times you will probably lose the fightYou will learn and adaptYou will come close a couple of timesYou will eventually win and feel immense satisfaction.That has been my experience with Hyper Light Drifter so far. The game is incredibly charming in presentation, atmosphere, soundtrack and overall style. Even through there's no dialogue the game can still tell a story. In one of the dungeons you come across a ruined city that was inhabited by walking dog people who were hunted down and skinned alive by ninja giant toad creatures before turning the remaining survivors into slaves. Only a few screens and subtle environment designs show this but I still thought it was an incredibly cool and atmospheric thing.  The soundtrack, graphics, and little things all wrap up nicely to make Hyper Light Drifter an interesting package.To address the difficulty and gameplay, I don't believe difficulty makes something a bad game. It makes a game rewarding. Players should know before coming in that Hyper Light Drifter is a difficult game. In combat you have a dash, a melee attack, and a ranged weapon with ammunition along with health packs being few and far in-between. The essence of fun for Hyper Light Drifter comes from its difficulty with making the player feel like they accomplished something by winning a fight. The combat comes along nicely and every death and mistake never felt like it was something out of my control. It always felt like there was something I could have done or a tactic I should have used. All of the elements of combat come along nicely to create a fast paced experience where nothing feels clunky or out of place.The only thing that annoyed me somewhat was the 30FPS lock. It sometimes felt to me as if the game was quickly switching between going fast and slow at the same time but I quickly got used to it.Hyper Light Drifter is a truly unique game that anyone who doesn't mind difficulty should pick up."
,Recommended,257850,22189905,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Kalisper,"Colorfull, fast and deadly are the words that come to mind after playing this game. Saying the artwork in this game is Beautiful wouldn't be an understatement. Slicing through enemies with style and substance, the combat is very fluid and satisfiying. The first boss has a major difficulty spike and is fairly unforgiving if you aren't comftorable with the controls yet, some people will have a problem with this. Memorizing boss's move sets is a major mechanic in this game, I would compare it to the souls series or devil may cry in that regard. The story line is essentialy the same as a picture book that you will need to analyze through the various npc's you find. I spent around 9 hours in game before I beat the last boss exploring/finding secrets and such and I didn't 100% that playthrough. On launch there were several controller issues and bugs that seemed to have been fixed now after a few patches.Pros-Artstyle-Combat-FUN MINI GAMES-Exploration and secrets-Unbelievably good soundtrackCons-Lots of bugs on launch-Vague story line"
76561198090234489,Recommended,257850,22186923,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Rioma,"Buy this game if you don't mind learning mechanics and timing your moves really well. The game doesn't have much story it's all about the combat. The combat is very fast paced split second decisions jumping in and out of danger. When you're not fighting you wlll be exploring the area for secret items to upgrade your character. The bosses are CHALLENGING but not impossible! It will take you multiple tries to kill them, so if you're the type to get frustrated and give up it may not be the game for you. IDK about the price point though. I'd say if it goes on sale for 10-15 pick it up but 20 is a bit much."
,Recommended,257850,22189337,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,NotJeff,"Wow...it's good. But you'll need vast amounts of patience to down bosses. There's a great big world of secrets to explore, but you'll always end up getting your teeth kicked in by the nameless, brutal bosses. Rewarding? You bet. Worth it? Definitely. Worth every penny. The combat is amazing with evironmental traps and dozens of baddies being hurled at you as the terrain changes."
,Recommended,257850,22189436,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,v3rtigo.one,"Wow, this is really something! Tactical action, show don't tell atmosphere and story, with stylish graphics and sound all coming together very nicely.This game doesn't hold your hand. It's tough, but fair, and is quite satisfying when you pull off that perfect kill streak against a swarm of enemies. And speaking of enemies they're nicely varied both visually and in their behavior and abilities.Nice one Heart Machine. Early impressions 10/10 so far..."
76561197991936752,Recommended,257850,22216445,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Alien,Another World + Dark Souls + Metroid = Hyper Light Drifter
76561198007867950,Recommended,257850,22216494,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Gamer,Nice hard game.Tips:Buy multi-dash skill first.Buy projectiles kick-off skill second.You really don't need anytihing else to beat the game.
76561198061768249,Recommended,257850,22202284,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,TarTok,"In my honest opinion, this game has to be in my top list of favorite games. The combat makes you feel like your in a samurai movie, slicing and dicing enemies whilst dashing out of hostile projectiles. The visuals are awe-inpsiring, some of the best art I've seen in a while.Yeah, it may be a slightly difficulty/frustrating game to play, but it makes it all the more epic to play when you know you have faced unbeatable odds. It isn't that difficult, but it is harder than normal. Casual players will be slightly disappointed, but, as a casual player myself, I urge you to try it out. I've already beaten two of the four bosses, and I'm definitely going to go for the other 2. If your stuck or you can't get past one room, move onto another, its that simple.This game has lots of replay value, including a new game+ option, so you'll definitely get your money's worth.I urge anyone who is interested in this game to try it out at the very least.EDIT: I can now safely say that you can play this game without a controller, my full run has been with keyboard and mouse, although I think a controller would've helped at times."
76561197995561552,Recommended,257850,22220802,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Narcolypse204,Must buy for action adventure fans. Will challenge you and reward you.
76561198294052137,Recommended,257850,22218314,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,robinspectrum1507,"I need to start off by saying that this game is awesome. Do not get me wrong. I love it and I'm fairly sure that I am going to start having dreams about it, but there're several things that need to be pointed out to people before they invest in this game.First of all, it is the most unforgiving game I have ever experienced. No where near enough autosaves, too many enemies in too small rooms and no where near enough health restorations. There seems to be a recurring glitch where the screen will turn one solid coulour, too.As well as that, there're absolutely no hints given about what to do in the game. I cannot get my head around the inventory or how to improve the attacks that you can perform whatsoever.Also, you will hate how the game plays with a mouse and a keyboard, use a controller. The combination of having to move a mouse to face enemies and the fact that it feels so clunky would make parts of the game i have played with a controller near impossible. Which it seems to very nearly be, anyways,Yet, despite all this, I would recommend this game, for sure. The combat is quick and flows excellently and the art style of the game is like a mixture of Fez and Another World, perhaps with a little Metroid. IE, it looks damn good.Be prepared to want to scream at your screen and throw your controller against a wall...but, do play this game."
,Recommended,257850,22217089,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Casteverus,"This game is a perfect example of ""less is more"" in game development.This game has one of the most compelling and deep stories in a game I have ever seen, while having absolutely no dialogue whatsoever.This game has some of the most beautiful, detailed and stunning graphics I've ever seen, while being completely made from low resolution pixels capped at 30 frames per second.This game has some of the most intense, challenging, and rewarding gameplay I have ever experienced, while having extremely simple controls and mechanics.Every environment is gushing with atmosphere, every fight is visceral and intense, every death just makes me want more.In short, this simple game is one of the best and most memorable I have ever played. I only wish more developers took this approach to game design. Realistic graphics and 40v40 multiplayer servers mean nothing if your game is no fun to play."
,Recommended,257850,22217140,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Salamicrow,this is a fantasic action rpg with souls like combat (tough but completely predictable and fair) and an interesting world to explore. bosses are a challenge though so be prepared for multiple tries but it's just a case of learning the stages and not making more than one or two mistakes. lots of secret areas which help you upgrade to fight the end bosses.
,Recommended,257850,22217365,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,comfy,"Challenging but not overly ridiculous, and just beautiful to look at."
76561198016585567,Recommended,257850,22221270,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mythbrother,"Great game!+ The controls are excellent;+ The game doesn't hold your hand. You need to get good at it;+ The difficulty is not due to any bad game mechanic;+ The graphics are pretty and colorful and the animations are fluid;+ The music is from the same composer as Fez and It Follows (very atmospheric).If I find any negative, I'll add it to this review later."
,Recommended,257850,22221349,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Butt Spider,The story is so captivating and I haven't read a single word yet.
76561198004982300,Recommended,257850,22221357,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dino Spumoni,"It's quite fun play it, or don't if you don't want to."
76561198053570432,Recommended,257850,22222447,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Harold,"Just a quick preface before I start this review: As of writing, I have finished North Side and now am in the middle of South Side.Hyper Light Drifter is an absolutely beautiful game. Its perfect use of palet can leave you awestruck by the beautiful sights you see. You can really tell someone put a lot of hardwork into the smallest, finest details of the art. I am also impressed that it manages to keep a sturdy tone throughout the entire game. A cool cyberpunk, post-apoclyptic, post-humanity theme really seems to set itself no matter where you go. Remnants of the past can be seen like robots and old buildings. I think most of you have gotten the point right about now: The game's art is beautiful.One thing that before you play this game, you need a controller. You can play with a keyboard, but honestly playing with a controller is MUCH more enjoyable. I have played with both a controller and a keyboard, but controller is SO much better. With a controller it has super tight controls, and allows you to get by many more areas quicker. Its honestly not worth playing if you have a keyboard. For the gameplay, its hard. It is very very hard. You are going to need to know how to keep perservering. You can't button mash throughout the entire game, and you can't really play this game while relaxed. You need to be paying attention during the entire time. Timing is absolutely key in this game.The story is pretty good. It really depends on who you are and how you like video games. The story has no words, just a slideshow of pictures. If you are looking for an absolutely concrete and sound story, this isn't the game for you. The story is basically how you interpret it. It follows a basic idea, but allows your mind to wander into other places. Once again, it is how interpret the story.There is two small downsides to this game that don't absolutely ruin the game, but it hinders progress in some ways. Since the story and directions is very minimal, it is very hard to get a good grasp on what you are doing. In the beginning, its hard to understand what you are supposed to do, what you are fighting for. The game is not really linear so its very ""Heres you world, beat it."" Secondly, the isometric view allows you to see the absolutely beautiful sights, but sometimes that view will not show where you are supposed to go. It sometimes will block pathways, and you will be left wandering around confused.Overall, Hyper Light Drifter has a very calming vibe, and the pros heavily outweigh the cons. If you were into Bastion, I would highly reccomend this game as well."
76561198052687022,Recommended,257850,22222451,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Sephiroth,"I rate this game 9/10, the grafic is very cute, but sometimes a little brutal when it comes to Bossfights (North Boss)(+). I don't know why, but the game reminds me a litte bit of Neon Genesis Evangelion, not the gameplay, but the setting.(+) The fightingsystem and the enemies are a little bit harder then usual, but that gives the game kind of a DarkSouls feeling when beating the Bosses.(+) Only thing i miss is a little bit more text, sometimes its a bit hard to understand the Plot, and character storys, because they only tell them with pictures. That has kind of a charm, but a little bit more text would be appreciate.(-) All in all a nice game, and for 18€ at the moment a must buy for every 2D Pixel graphics fan, who wants a combatsystem above average."
,Recommended,257850,22222455,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Flyro,"A good game, challenging and unique. Nothing is really explained, you have to figure it out yourself. Similar to FEZ in the mystery. Everything is a pain to kill, not because they have ridiculous health bars but because they're actually semi intellegent."
76561198195910762,Recommended,257850,22222716,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,jay.black073,"I am a sucker for sprites, and this game delivers in droves. I don't really have a negative thing to say about this game. I've played a couple hours, enough to get a feel, and I can tell this game will hold my attention for months and weeks to come. The pixels are colorful and have a great modern-retro feel. There is a decent amount of character progression, with upgrades available to your health, weapons, and dash ability. The only possible gripe is that, without any text, aside from the tooltips, the story is not very clear at the start. All in all, this game harkens back to the Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past in a lot of ways, yet feels refined and modern in its own right, and any game that can offer a similar experience to what I consider to be the best game of all time deserves a high recommendation. Absolutely worth $20. Curious setting, great gameplay mechanics, hard but not cheap difficulty level, amazing art direction, solid soundtrack, and a very mysterious story and overall tone. 9/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,257850,22222834,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Hutchmink,"This game has one of the Best Atmospheres i have ever played.SFX, Music and graphics fit together beautifully. Its a real joy to play this and quit difficult thanks to the fast paced Combat.10/10Would buy again"
76561198243876982,Recommended,257850,22223685,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ocarina of Prime,This game is fantastic. It like Zelda and Metroid had a combat based sci fi fantasy baby in an incredibly beautiful environment. The game is no doubt challanging but once the combat clicks you feel like samurai jack but even cooler. It is amazing to just explore and collect upgrades even if your not sure whats going on.
,Recommended,257850,22224022,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Camden,"If you are a casual game player: Game should take about 5 hoursIf you are a completionist: Game will take anywhere from 15-25 hoursThere are so many secrets in this game, it's amazing.Secrets aside, the difficulty in this game is almost entirely based around the skill of the player, there are not many ""oh that rng really screwed me over"" moments. Sometimes in games like Dark Souls you will feel like rng got you, but in this game it feels more like it was you own fault. I would probably rate this game 10/10"
76561198159812188,Recommended,257850,22224289,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Zarduma,iz gud
,Recommended,257850,22211465,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,baby jesus,"A great game with technical problems.Why it's a great game:Art style is fantastic, I love the color choices, character design and level design (awesome set pieces and vistas). I've had HLD wallpaper on my desktop for a while because I just love the general asthetic and I haven't even been following the game that closely.The audio design is great too, the music sounds like blade runner meets boards of canada, sweeping and epic and synthy. The combat sounds meaty and satisfying.The combat, when it works, is great. It's basically 2d bloodborne combat, all attacking and movement with strategic health replenishment. Unfortunately just like bloodborne, it has some issues with giving you health potions at the right times. You can always backtrack and find them but it may involve re-playing some sections again. But you could do a lot worse than bloodborne combat, when you pull off an epic perfect room clear it feels fantastic.The boss fights are also really good. I know RPS complained about difficulty but they are very similar to bloodborne, all bosses have patterns that shift slightly and once you memorize those it becomes easy. All of them are a challenge however.The technical problems I had:The game seems to have some compatibility issues. The first time I launched it, it just crashed outright. I had to switch my desktop resolution to 1280x720 and set my default gpu to nvidia (I have a laptop with optimus) and then I was able to run it. I had no stability issues when playing the game, it never crashed except for those first few problems."
,Recommended,257850,22224606,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,A/LCpl Jonze [1st AB],"Im gonn keep this short and simple, do you love and great artstyle, challenging yet rewarding gameplay, do you love cursing and crying at a game? Well look nomore this is your game just go buy it now and play it well worth the money, o and dont forget have fun!!!!"
,Recommended,257850,22193872,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,jpaul3211,"I beat it in 10 hours, albiet I was probably trying to chain warp for a good hour of that.This is a beautiful game with quality graphics and sound. You can tell a tremendous amount of love was put into every bit of it. From enemy design, variety, to level design, to combat itself. Everything is well executed. It's amazingly well done for a game with zero text in it. It tells the story in pictures and level design. It oozes atmosphere at every point in the game.This IS a difficult game that's had me sweating on a couple of fights, along with the gauntlets that lead up to the next shortcut or boss. It's incredible.9.5/10 if only because it seems a little short for the price, along with a few other gripes that may or may not come down to taste. It's still a very good game and very much worth your money and time. You will enjoy it."
,Recommended,257850,22194098,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nox_Luna,"Story finished in 7.6 hours. Collectibles, not even close to getting all of them. Very well hidden.Controls are great. Movements are fast and feel fast. Catch is, all the movements are deliberate and you have to commit to each one. This makes combat not just flashy, but tactical.Story is told in the environment. All the context clues are around you in the beautiful beautiful environment.Game is hard. Bosses can be frustrating. Kinda unfair, but beating them definitely means that you outplayed the bosses. You outskilled the game and you beat them. Also the spin-sword-into-stab-into-ground motion is the greatest."
76561198016289204,Recommended,257850,22172717,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,GerPronouncedGrr,"I'm only going to talk about one thing in this review: Difficulty. We all know the game is gorgeous and has a beautiful sountrack; neither of those things is a reason why the game is getting any bad reviews. After reading John Walker's review for RPS, however, it's clear that the diffuculty curve is a real thing. TL;DR at end.I find this game hard. I don't find it unplayably hard, but I do find it to be legitimately difficult. It requires you to learn from your mistakes, remember patterns, and will push the limits of most people's reflexes. I know it get's compared to Zelda: A Link to the Past a lot, and yes it does play comprably, but the difficulty is on another level. Where Zelda is like Jamestown, HLD is like Ikaruga. Which is to say, steeper learning curve, more technical overall.The thing is though, the game doesn't punish you for failing. The game literally does not give one single♥♥♥♥♥♥if you die 100 times in rapid succession on the same fight. Try again. No? Tired of that boss fight? Go to another area. Try something new. The thing that really irked me about the RPS review is that the reviewer never tried something new. He attempted the first available boss fight a handful of times, and then, by his own admission, rage quit and wrote a scathing damnation of HLDs difficulty, even going so far as to condemn the design of such difficulty in any game, for any reason. Dude, seriously, you can just go to one of the other two open areas and try those first. Bring your skills up, buy some upgrades, go back and try again later.And you know what, sure, maybe Heart Machine should have been more upfront with backers about the intended difficulty during the Kickstarter. I can't really say, since I wasn't a part of it, but I can imagine a scenario where that could be true, and lead to real frustration for people who just wanted to play Zelda again. That's a legit complaint, and you should take it up with the devs if that's the case. But it's not a reason to condemn the game as a whole, and it's not a reason to give the game a bad review.Just as a fun little exercise, let's all think back for a minute to the first time we tried to beat each boss in Z: ALttP. You remember, that goddamn snake/worm thing? And you're running around, slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥ trying to hit this thing in the tail, and it's knocking you off the ♥♥♥♥ing platform, and you're running back up to try again. And god forbid if you actually died, cause then you have to run back from the beginning of the dungeon (which has respawned all the monsters) or wherever the hell you saved last. Remembe that? And when you were a kid, what did you do when that happened? I don't know about you, but I tried again. And again. And again, over and over, until at last I had defeated all of the bosses, and then Ganon. I beat the crap out of that game, and I loved every second of it. I really don't see any great difference between that experience and this one. The boss John Walker writes about in that article took me about 20 tries (with no chracter or weapon upgrades purchased), give or take. I took a short break after about 15 attempts, then came back and hammered it out. And I felt great afterwards. When that stupid ♥♥♥♥ing bird-wizard finally died, I cried out in triumph, and thrust my XBox controller into the air (literally). The drifter, (s)he just stood there, mute and uncaring, but me? I had really accomplished something, and it made me happy, and it made me love the game even more.Because the truth is, this game is really, really good. I know I said I was only going to talk about difficulty, but here's some free extras for you: engrossing setting/story that lets your imagination run wild, secrets galore, super tight controls, excellent level design.Fundamentally, this is a well made work of loving, deeply personal art, which rewards the player for perseverance, exploration, and imagination.TL;DRIf you want to play a somewhat harder Zelda: A Link to the Past with equally amazing ambiance, it's worth full price, no question. If you're going to get frustrated that the game doesn't hold your hand, explain everything up front, or let you bypass challenges, it's probably not for you. Not sure? Wait for a sale."
76561198046447161,Recommended,257850,22172205,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Rosencrantz,"Even the most hateful negative reviews agree that this game is beautiful, and that's one of many great features, but be wary of your preferences because this game isn't for everyone.  I'm having a wonderful time, but know before you buy it that this game is really freaking hard.  Some people just don't do well with hard games, and if that's you I wouldn't buy this.  If you are willing to put in the effort though, the difficulty is actually pretty fun.  I beat the first boss after quite a few failures, and not only did it feel great, but my body actually felt weird because of the adrenaline and the concentration.  It's a really cool experience.  The other complaints with the difficulty are people not having essential upgrades or healing items, but I beat the first boss with only one of three health packs and no upgrades because I learned his patterns and how to counteract everything without taking damage.  In another situation I had to make it through a decent sized stretch with three health and no healing items, and it was hard, but with enough determination I was able to get past it and everything got better.  The one other complaint is the story, which is understandable as well because the game tells you close to nothing.  You get some weird cutscenes and some pictures, but only beating the first boss I've already found myself piecing together a decent story.  The confusion leaves you a goal to find out more, and it feels cool knowing that everything you know came from such tiny little scraps and inferences.  Overall, I see a huge similarity to dark souls with the inference based story, difficulty, and learning through failure, and dark souls isn't for everyone.  TL;DR this game is really pretty and very fun, but the story is very subtle and confusing and it's incredibly difficult, so only buy it if you can handle these things.  If you like dark souls you should be fine but if not then it might not be for you."
76561197982033060,Recommended,257850,22172638,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,n0c7urn,Amazeing.
76561197995361610,Recommended,257850,22175221,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Don't Follow Quintus,Looks amazing and has the tight gameplay to back it up.
,Recommended,257850,22169701,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Gangling,"this game had me sucked in the moment the music on the title screen kicked in. Beautiful sound design, beautiful sound track, satisfying controls ( I recommend using a gamepad due to the amount of directional dashing you'll be doing), and a perfect level of difficulty. The world is breathtaking to explore, often find myself just slowly walking through and taking in the beautiful pixel environments. This feels like Sword & Sworcery + Journey  + old school Zelda all mixed in one."
,Recommended,257850,22174327,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Zazzaro,"Haven't played this game for that long at all. I just found out about Hyper Light Drifter from one of the gaming websites only a couple of days ago which is awesome because my wait for the game wasn't very long. Being a child from the original NES days, I'm a huge fan of how indie game developers from my generation are making games like the ones we grew up with graphic style and all. Only Better!!!! If you like games like the original Zelda, go ahead and give this one a try. It's like The Legend of Zelda: Link's Adventure in Dystopia. I will update this review as I get further along, but this game gripped me from the opening cutscene with the art style and music so i thought i would do the Developers a solid and give them an initial positive review for drawing my attention right off jump street. Hopefully it will continue to be as awesome as it seems."
76561198119437011,Recommended,257850,22174360,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Mariachi Noctis,"2 Hours of play time into Hyper Light Drifter and 1 boss defeated; this review is tentative. With a mysterious story that uses no real dialogue, Hyper Light Drifter is a charmingly fun game for Legend of Zelda and Metroid fans alike with a touch of Dark Souls's difficulty with aspects of Bullet Hell tossed into it. It's a fun game, definitely worth its price however there are only a few things that bother me about the gameplay.-Keyboard + Mouse users will notice how translucent the cursor is. There should be an option to change the color of your cursor to make it more noticeable, especially during the hectic boss fights. This is a big issue in my opinion.-The boss fights are fun and difficult however why do their attacks chunk for 2-3 health? It seems unfair to me since their attacks already take up a huge part of the screen so why do they also hurt more? (Yes they're bosses, guess its just a personal issue.)-The game isn't optimized for my laptop??Overall fun, good game. 9/10"
,Recommended,257850,22174450,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Scrub,"Great game. Impressive atmosphere. Haven't been this creeped out since that mortar scene from spec ops the line.Serious gripes:* fix the controls. Split second inputs for double dash does not make it fun or challenging, just annoying.* Dashing towards your crosshair instead of your movement direction is a silly design choice."
,Recommended,257850,22174649,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,PrincessGumpy,"Solid.  If you enjoyed Titan Souls, you will probably like this."
,Recommended,257850,22245994,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,The Mike,"This game is what you would get if you combined Zelda, Dark Souls, and that one episode of The Simpsons where Homer swallows the guatamalan insanity pepper."
,Recommended,257850,22246067,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,✪ JigglyMane,5/7 bretty good
,Recommended,257850,22246187,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Merthykins,Excellent game.
76561198041743735,Recommended,257850,22204484,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Kramatus,"This is the kind of game that you need to experience for yourself...Work up the courage to buy this game without looking up playthroughs or descriptions of it...Just play it already!WHAT ARE YOU STILL DOING HERE READING THIS?!?Oh right... waiting for the catch... fine... there is one... IT'S DIFFICULT...As in the kind of difficult that people have compared to Dark Souls... As in the kind of difficult that makes this kind of game win people over, not just with art and gameplay... but with Stockholm syndrome...YOU'VE BEEN WARNED..."
,Recommended,257850,22244223,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Dave,"Hyper Light Drifter starts off with a very steep difficulty curve, but don't let this throw you off from playing the game. The difficulty is more or less consistent throughout the game, and as you progress, unlock new abilities, and learn the mechanics, the game becomes less frustrating. Still challenging, but you'll know that you're losing because of what you're doing wrong, not because it's trying to cheat you. The game's art design and minimalist storytelling style are amazing, and the controls and gameplay are tight, intuitive, and refreshing. The bosses and world design are very well done, and despite being a bit short, the game has decent replay value with a New Game +. It was an amazing game, and I'm probably going to play it again soon."
76561198005907490,Recommended,257850,22244422,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Oggy,"Short Summary:Like a 2D Legend of Zelda with better combat and design.Long Summary:This game is well designed and well executed 2d Adventure game. It has some of the best world design and aesthetic design I have ever seen. It's compelling, has a simple but interesting story and a fun but difficult to master combat. It's unfortunately lacking in content for the main story.I would gladly pay a full 60$ if it meant having a full 20-30 hour experience.I hope the devs get the funding to do another one.Pros:- Excellent Design- Interesting World- Good combat- Fun boss fightsCons:- Short 8-10 hours- Some skills overlap incorrectly and make combat a pain."
76561198095305362,Recommended,257850,22244538,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,TinyOrange,"Very great, well polished game.Hard, very hard (I've seen it compared to Dark Souls), but not rage-quit hard. I'm already an hour in and haven't made it very far."
,Recommended,257850,22244608,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Big McLargeHuge,"I can't pin down what I love about this game, but I really do recomend it."
,Recommended,257850,22251969,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Longrat,"A very, very beautiful game, with interesting, challenging combat, and a cool, open ended gameplay style.The game is incredibly full of hidden content, but finding that content is in no way required for a completion, which runs at around 7 hours.Unfortunately, if you are an obsessive perfectionist, that hidden content is not implemented anywhere near as well as the main game is, with too many hidden paths in walls and things that are outside of the screen, which force you to walk around the edges of every room to find.The soundtrack ranges from great, in its more melodic moments, to relatively drab in its more ambient moments, to downright headache inducing in the occasional moment where the volume amps up to ridiculous heights to emphasize a cool environmental visual.Overall, a good game, well worth your purchase and time."
,Recommended,257850,22175477,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,RyanH,"I dashed 800 times consecutively in one go for a purple cape, sword and drone.10/10"
,Recommended,257850,22252512,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,the1stMoyatia,"When I first saw this game on Steam Greenlight and Kickstarter, I was thrilled. Seeing earlier footage of the game through the first trailer got me psyched. What I really like about it is how Heart Machine used some of their bgm from the beta gameplay footage for the introduction. Everything about this game screams out the awesomeness that classic gamers would wish for in an action RPG. I say this because I get vibes that mix classic SNES action RPGs with the animation style of a cinematic platformer like Prince of Persia and Another World. Though when it comes for a game with pixel graphics, I'd like to see the screen downsized to the very last bit and have there be a bigger environment. ERON is a perfect example of what I'm describing. Though it may not be as good as this, but it sure is fun to look at. The bosses are the most difficult part, much so since Titan Souls. However, you get more of a challenge at a certain point which ain't for the faint of heart. The story is something that's hard to describe. You can tell what's going on by watching the cutscenes and seeing images when talking to an NPC. This is definitely what they were going for in the making. For an indie gem like this, it definitely has a high replay value. Definitely worth a sequel. One thing I'd wish for in a sequel to this, or if this one's meant to be a cult classic, another game set in the same universe as this, but with a bigger environment taking up the whole screen in 4K pixels. There could definitely be some potential for some epic boss battles. From seeing the very first trailer to the game, the three colossi that the drifter faces on the peak were one thing I was looking forward to. It would be a real treat to have a boss battle that epic. Especially in a pixelized Action RPG."
,Recommended,257850,22252636,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Tobins,"This is the first game to have made me actually want to explore every corner of the world. It creates a genuine feeling of wonder. They've done a great job creating a game that you learn by playing instead of being told exactly what to do, or exactly where to go. The combat and movement is awesome. Boss fights are great. Would totally recommend to anyone who enjoyed older 2d Zelda games, or Bastion."
76561198048029925,Recommended,257850,22252651,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,FeliHellfirex,"It was worth the wait! Difficult but rewarding, love it!"
,Recommended,257850,22170616,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Asymphonic,"Was worth the wait.Post game review:Holy Moly was this game a treat. Vague yet captivating story telling, A georgous color palette, secrets and upgrades around every corner and a challenging difficulty that is rather rare in games these days. HLD is a Gem.Buy this game."
,Recommended,257850,22266189,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Celcifen,Mashed a button 800 times for a purple cape.Played soccer minigame and got nothing.Hugged walls for 24 hours.Then did it again for ng+.Feels good man.
76561198119826012,Recommended,257850,22270911,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Umbi,bastion + transistor = Hyper Light Drifter
,Recommended,257850,22263092,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,hey corman,"Looks beautiful, sounds beautiful, plays beautiful. 10/10"
76561198086077959,Recommended,257850,22271439,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,krakenfury,"I enjoyed this game a lot.  Now that I've beat it, I'm going to play some other games, but I might pick it back up again sometime.  I haven't decided if I'm going to spend the time railing against some things, like completing the arena fights, but it will certainly be worthwile to do another run through down the road.Everything comes together very well in this, resulting in a beautiful and challenging work that is as rewarding as it is frustrating.  You can try fights over and over again with no penalty, which makes the difficulty palatable.  The world and story unfold without dialog, but with brilliant animations and still images, much like the classic ""Out of This World.""  I would be shocked if OOTW was not a huge inspiration for the artisic design of HLD.  Maybe their whole excuse for this game, was to unseat OOTW as the most beautiful game ever.  If so, they very nearly succeeded.Many reviewers have noted the obvious ""link"" the gameplay has to Zelda, but this is too simple an explaination.  This game owes nothing to the games that came before it; it has payed homage to them by conscientious and loving incorporation of their elements, and the result is an original and immersive experience.But this game is more than just the sum of it's parts.  There is a depth achieved that trancends all the pretty artwork and well designed, fine tuned gameplay.  It comes from a good place, by people who have done their homework and want to give back.  This does not feel like a game born from ego, and it is not trying to be clever.  It's a genuine, well conceived contribution to the art of video gaming, pure and simple."
76561198013562007,Recommended,257850,22271455,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Oceanbones,Imagine if Majora's Mask had been a direct sequal to A Link to the Past. Then imagine it had a gamebaby with Dark Souls. Now imagine that gamebaby is taking a nap and has a dream. This is that game.
,Recommended,257850,22264934,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,TheLaughinJoker,"Creative, challenging puzzling and beautiful atmosphere brings back memories of older snes games, what more is there to say? Great game!"
76561198067927333,Recommended,257850,22219399,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,dpauls15243,"Pros:-Amazing pixel art-Simple but challenging combat-Enjoyable exploration-Each fight is slightly different, keeping it from getting repetative-Dark Souls-esc bossesCons:-Counter-intuitive controls (Can take some getting used to.)-Art is nice, but sometimes makes it difficult to tell what is a barrier and what is a platform.-Very difficult (Don't buy if you can't stand dying constantly. Some strategy is necessary.)-Slightly clunky feel to movement and combat.Very good game. It makes you feel *weak* when you play it, in a way I never really felt in any other games. The way you are so small compared to everything else, even friendly NPCs, and how enemies can simply power through your attacks without seeming to care, especially the bosses. You spend the entire fight dodging their attacks, only to be sent flying as soon as you try to attack, when they simply swat you away like an annoying bug. Not to mention the fact that  you have to take a minute to cough up blood every once in a while. Your health bar is small, only lasting at most 5 hits, and does not regenerate over time. Health packs are fairly common at first, but get rarer later on and are often hidden. Really captures the atmosphere of the dangerous, post-apocalyptic wilderness, where you are most absolutely nowhere near the top of the food chain. Albiet with some very nice views.Money is scarce, making you truly work for each upgrade. You have to find 4 fragments that are put together to form a whole. And the cheapest updrade available that I found takes two. I have been playing for several hours now and have only been able to upgrade my dash once.I've played the game for a while and have gotten pretty comfortable most of the time. The bosses are still hard, and there's the occasional 'oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ moment when you walk into a room and 20 enemies immediately ambush you.Some easy tips for when you start:1) Try playing both with a controller and with mouse/keyboard. I actually prefer m/k, despite what the game says.2) Explore. Take every path you can find. It makes it much easier to find everything you need, as well as extra health kits and money.3) Don't forget to use your gun.4) Don't rely on the dash to much. It is often easier and safer to simply move out of the way than to try dashing to dodge every attack.4) Can't interupt enemies attack animations. Dodge or finish them from a distance. Don't charge.5) Use cover. Ducking behind a pillar or box will block enemy shots and allow you to focus on closer enemies.6) Keep moving. Strafing or running in wide circles is usually enough to dodge ranged attacks and keep melee enemies from getting to close.7) Don't try to dodge before enemies attack. The tracking is amazing in this game and they can instantly adjust to your new position if you dash. Wait until they attack, THEN dodge, otherwise you will almost definitely get hit.8) Hitting things with your sword restores ammo. This includes breakable objects.9) East path is the easiest, South path is blocked until the end. North path has obstacle courses. West path requires a lot of exploring, very maze-like.10) East Boss spits explosive enemies. As soon as you see he's about to start, shoot at his mouth with your gun. This will often hit them as soon as they come out, knocking them back into the boss and exploding, which stuns him.11) Remember to use your gun when fighting North Boss. Most of his attacks are predictable and can be avoided by moving just one square up or to the side. Look for the patterns. His final attacks where he carpet bombs the floor are only horizontal or verticle, and hit the same places each time. If you find a safe zone you can simply stand and shoot at him or heal. Remember to not rely on the dash to much. Remember to wait until he starts his attack before moving.12) Don't play when you're frustrated. I usually take breaks when I notice I'm rushing and making mistakes. Especially with bosses.13) Plan ahead. Don't simply bum rush enemies or do the some thing over and over. Try a different strategy if your current one isn't working.14) Try not to panic"
76561198135453627,Recommended,257850,22274544,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Shizounu,"Ive got an bug right when i start the game, the screen of the game is completly black, the menu still interacts and soundplays but i dont get an visual output, i dont know if its just an bug cause i somehow miss data or something like that, but i already tried reinstalling the game a couple of time, i really am hyped for the game cause of a couple of youtubers that made videos to it so i wanna play it too"
76561198040675906,Recommended,257850,22267324,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ThatTysonGuy,"Great game. Intuitive, difficult boss fights. Fun, fast paced combat. Beautiful, genuinely breathtaking visuals. Amazing sound design. This is absolutely worth your money.Sometimes its slightly difficult to get a clear idea where you are, and where you can jump to (I fell of a cliff 8 times before I made the jump...), and some of the battles are grueling when you arent well equipped with health, but the health packs respawn, so its fine.Also, some of the visual 'descriptions' for moves and story are vague. I feel like this game could have been more clear if it at least had a sentence to say what each move does. But eh, not deal breaking."
,Recommended,257850,24748441,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,LetMeHugU,Verry impressive for an Indie game! Love the music and atmosphere. Must buy if you love pixel style games.
,Recommended,257850,24748706,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Fox,"Honestly, a total classic. I got some insane LOZ: Windwaker vibes from this game. The graphics are amazing, the soundtrack is beautiful and sets the mood perfectly, and once you start playing this gem, you don't want to stop. It takes time and dedication to get through some parts of this game (which is a good thing) and I think it's neat that there a few different upgrades you can buy and choose from, so you're not limited to what the game gives you; you have options depending on your play style, which I think is really neat and I'm glad they put that in the game. The controls are easy and they actually make sense, the game gives you the perfect amount of heals you need without making it too easy (which was nice, speaking as someone who's overall just terrible at videogames). I have no complaints about this game. 100% worth your money, and if you like the good old LOZ series, you will adore this. 10/10."
,Recommended,257850,24768682,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,DragMeh,Truly a work of art.
76561198023592763,Recommended,257850,22308503,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,bfons86,"An amazing game. Deep, introverted and beautiful. This game knows exactly what it wants to be and achieves it with divine grace. Keep in mind that there is no written text, or spoken words in the game. Next to nothing about the characters, world or plot is explained to you. Precious few cutscenes are offered to spark your imagination. The game's beautiful art is only matched by it's difficulty. The combat is extremely fast paced and almost entirely skill based. It'll take every bit of wit and reflex for you to survive, especially against the bosses. I highly recommend giving Hyper Light Drifter a try."
76561198129580758,Recommended,257850,22879273,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Heaviside,Waited a long time for this game.Well worth the wait :)
76561198132142450,Recommended,257850,22933789,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,DapperBulbasaur,"This game is very immersive and beautiful, it has a great soundtrack, and is challenging enough to keep you alert."
,Recommended,257850,22932352,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,ZeeAlucard,"Pros:Gorgeous artCombat mechanicsAwesome sound trackInvolving ambianceTons of hidden stuffLaptop battery friendlyMeh:Small black bar around the screen on full screen mode (both vertical and horizontal)Not that hard (excluding NG+)Somewhat short30 FPS cap (not the worst game to have this kind of cap, but somewhat influences combat)Cons:Input lagKeyboard+mouse controls suckSometimes while playing with KM the game doesn't lock the pointer and you get thrown to the desktopNo Steam cloud sync and saves cannot be (easily) carried over to other pc'sOverall: Highly recommended, but you WILL want to use a controller to play it. Now back to beat NG+."
,Recommended,257850,22926554,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,blargh!,"You can see from the screenshots but the game is gorgeous and it looks even better in motion. The music is very good, atmospheric and not the type of music you ever get tired of listening to. The combat is difficult (you'll die alot probably), but extremely rewarding to overcome and get good at.My only real gripe is that the first hour or so of gameplay (before you have any upgrades) is a little boring. Stick with it though!! As soon as you start getting upgrades, the gameplay really opens up and you are able to do some really cool things. Be sure to get the multiple dash upgrade........it almost feels like a requirement (I think they should've let you just have it from the beginning...but whatever) and it is ridiculously fun dashing around like a maniac.Great game, beautiful visuals, amazing music, rewarding and skill-based gameplay."
,Not Recommended,257850,22290854,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,⎛ SnowLured ⎞,The updates have screwed this game up...locked at 30FPS...and way too ♥♥♥♥ing hard. ♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Recommended,257850,22945933,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,pheliam,"Play this game. Seriously. Lots of pleasant surprises throughout, if you enjoy sword slashing, critical dodges, simple shooting and NES-levels of difficulty. A knockout indie from a Kickstarter newbie.The soundtrack is so atmospheric and fitting for this game, big shoutout to Disasterpeace for knocking the ball out of the stratosphere for Heart Machine. There is zero written or spoken dialog, it is all visual.I haven't even tried co-op, but the post-launch support for this PC version is the BEES KNEES.RE: difficulty, the ""Normal"" mode is tough but fair. New Game+ is challenge mode, and makes everything significantly harder but not impossible. Boss fights are so much more epic, and I thought Normal was tough. In that regard, Normal is the tutorial and NG+ is the meat for hardcore nerds like us (if you're still reading this).TL;DR: Buy the game, just like the other reviewers say. This brilliantly enigmatic first title from Heart Machine will leave dreamy melodies and striking visuals in your head long after finishing."
,Recommended,257850,22946731,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Gengar,"I love this game, definetly buy it"
,Recommended,257850,22362659,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ralston_mardamos,"I'm just going to say this to get it out of the way: This game is HARD.... in a good way.It's hard, but it's not an insurmountable challenge. The game starts you off without too much challenge, letting you get your feet wet and take one or two lumps along the way. It gets more challenging as you go, naturally, but at the same time... it's a lot like Ninja Gaiden, as far as how the difficulty scales.Yes, the bosses will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ I, personally, had no real difficulty with the East Zone's boss, but he DID off me at least once. The North Zone's boss(that goddamn bird) is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but if you have the chain dash and take the time to complete the first challenge in the shop where it is purchased, you shouldn't have TOO much difficulty.... you'll still die a few times, naturally, but beating that boss gives a sense of accomplishment like no other. It'll make you feel like a badass.Gonna be honest, as of right now I've not finished this game yet. I've mostly been playing offline, as well, so you can basically ignore my playtimes. I would, however, highly recommend this game on the strengths of its aesthetics and its gameplay.Also, because let me have a laser. What can I say, I'm cheap."
76561198040835722,Recommended,257850,22363053,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Stock,"A gorgeous and fresh action adventure game in the spirit of Zelda/Mana/Ys series, though a tad rough around the edges.The moment to moment experience is quite fun and kinetic.  Plenty of secrets and lore to explore, and the title's running length is just right.The over reliance on the unwieldy rythmn-based Dash mechanic is a blemish on the title's otherwise responsive combat and world traversal gameplay.  The idea to forgo any in-game text is commendable, but many gameplay related items/equipment/upgrades lack clear explanations of their functionality which was frustrating."
,Recommended,257850,22361005,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Drifter,"TL;DRCore mechanics are similar to A Link to the Past with faster and tougher combat, a Superbrothers: Sword and Sworcery EP indie pixel art/music feel, and an abstact non-verbal method of story-telling. Buy it if you like these things.This is a game that begs to be explored, and you do yourself and the game a disservice if you look up too much about it.  The beautiful world, engauging combat, KISS progression system, and ever increasing difficulty means I had a ton of fun scouring the game for snippets of story, flavor, and the cure to whatever disease is making the Drifter cough up some serious blood.I get mad feelings of notstalgia for the old Zelda/Metroid games after playing this one. An action-packed, puzzle solving, psychedelic sci-fi, hack and slash dungeon crawler for the modern age.It's more than I expected and IMHO, you can get A LOT less for the price on Steam these days."
76561198112709547,Recommended,257850,22213480,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Colonel Bistro,"Absoultely stunning game (So far) with fantastic visuals,brilliant sound and challenging gameplay.Edit - Just finished the game. Absolutely fantastic. i wish my thumbs up was worth more!"
,Recommended,257850,22318492,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Darlan,"Gobsmackingly gorgeous and satisfyingly challenging, this game makes for a really fun couple of hours."
,Recommended,257850,22318510,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,CYKA BLYAT,"If you like dark souls, you will like Hyper Light Drifter. If you enjoy 2D action games with LOADS of secrets. You will like Hyper Light Drifter.Best part is, its still hard, but not as punishing as a souls game, due to how upgrades work.Is there stuff missing from the kickstarter, yeah, plenty. But is it not worth the 20$? It is worth more, in my opinion.So buy this. Your gonna like it, and remember.Git gud"
,Recommended,257850,22316122,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Profile,"I don't know where to begin with this game. It's not for everyone. At first, I was thinking: Oh, this is a spiced up nod to Legend of Zelda. Then it started to feel more action packed. By the first boss, I realized this was closer to dark  souls. That said, this game definitely isn't for everyone. I do think it's an easier game than dark souls, however the boss fights are challenging. It's a gorgeous game, and the music is great. The story, in the end, is nothing to really go on about. The game does have its moments but I rather not spoil them because they stick with you. It definitely has high replayability, and there's always more secrets to be found. If you're up for a challenge, but not an unfair one, I reccomend this game. You won't regret it."
76561197970597270,Not Recommended,257850,22321170,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Tasolth,"This game shares a lot with a ""work of art"". It is very pleasing to look at even while pixelated, but also like a ""work of art"" it is too obscure for its own good. I know there are lots of folks who pick up on subtle details or have the patience to keep trudging along until the pieces click into place. But that is not me. The game rewards being meticuluous about exploring every little nook and crany, which is fine. but it comes off as a rather frustrating affair for those who just want to move ahead and end up in impossible situations, with no obvious way out.The game describes itself as not holding any hands, and it is true to that. but it really could use just a touch, especially at the start of the game. The game is NOT broken, but some design choices make the start far harder than it needs to be for someone who is not as skilled at this type of game.This just isn't the game for me and I cannot recommend it in its current state as of patch 2"
76561198074578747,Recommended,257850,22321470,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,SmilingDin,I loved this game the only problem I had was during some boss battles the frame rate would drop causing me to mess up a dash and get hit other than that this was a amazing experience.
76561197967632421,Recommended,257850,22171744,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ae,"Been cutting bunches of grass all day.... no rupees, but a ton of poe."
,Recommended,257850,22171752,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,No Fox Given,Holy crap. I have never been so enthralled by an opening cutscene! 10/10and the gameplay is dope too.
,Recommended,257850,22171790,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Supermaxman,"Highly artistic. The art and mood remind me a fair bit of Fez. It really hits that enigmatic and foreign tone with simplistic but impressive mechanics and lofty musical and artistic tones. So far I love it. Some have been calling it the Dark Souls of 2D action/adventure, and I can definitely see the comparisons. I think it is worth the full price from what I've seen."
76561198110850572,Recommended,257850,22171954,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,xSTAT3DxC0MB0x,♥♥♥♥ Vultures
,Recommended,257850,22172007,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,1438041941790.jpg,"Great setting, awesome art, amazing atmosphere.Really enjoy tyhe soundtrack. It's not a traditional ""idenitfiable beat, generic comfortable sounds"" soundtrack, though, so beware Drake fans."
,Recommended,257850,22173632,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,TyranninPoxy,Its an open world 2d pixel rpg with similarities to titan souls.I don't see why you are still here.
76561197999739168,Recommended,257850,22173869,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wayne030,Smooth combat combo and perfect grapic make the best gaming experience.Nice Job!
76561198182140383,Recommended,257850,22173907,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,plantver,GOOD:Best pixel art I've ever seen.Feels great with controller.Great enemy AI.NOT SO GOOD:!!REALLY HARD!! boss fight without the shoot gun. Haven't got the shoot gun yet...unplayable without controller.
76561198022186301,Recommended,257850,30825543,Posted: 29 March,all,n0mad88,This game is one of the reasons i got into the gaming in the frist place. Great sound track and ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game play. Reminds me of the days when i used to play zelda back on NES.
,Recommended,257850,24398478,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,krabby,My game of the year 2016
76561198063271212,Recommended,257850,30862912,Posted: 31 March,all,Mr. Austini,"Awesome, and beautful Pixel art."
76561198068048844,Recommended,257850,25337199,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,SwayBarbarian,An all around beautiful game. Amazing experience.
,Recommended,257850,25809946,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,dimsum,its so sexy i jus juzzed my pants omg
76561197960542724,Recommended,257850,25791304,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Willy Green,"Great artwork, great music, good story.  One of my favorite games of 2016."
,Recommended,257850,25791769,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ithuriel,Phenomenally made game- strongly reminds me of Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind!
76561198038666920,Recommended,257850,25803650,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Wonka,All in all just a great game.
76561198051351289,Recommended,257850,25804015,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,thelegend27 [squid],"This game is visually an artistic masterpiece. The sound is amazing and perfect. the gameplay is fun. the story will keep your attention.the only bad thing about this game.One difficultyREALLY HARDIt's a game you will enjoy and then hate, and we all know how to fix the difficultyGitGud.11/10 Godzilla's choice"
,Recommended,257850,25795111,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Golden Neckbeard,"A feast for the eyes, ears and fingers. Heart Machine understands visual storytelling... but you're not in for a detailed narrative here. Rather, this is largely in the Souls tradition where the gradual discovery of the setting generally serves the role that story beats usually cover. When the setting is as richly realized as it is here, it works.Rich, that is, but not overcomplicated... In fact, that description could apply to every element of Hyper Light Drifter. It's a lean design in the best way possible, from Disasterpeice's haunting score to the nail-biting swordplay, this game knows where its strengths lie and isn't afraid to double down on the best, most essential bits and provide little of anything else that might get in the way.As if the music wasn't enough reason, do play this with good sound; besides the dashy-slashy this is an exploration game in the old secret-hunting sense, and audio cues are important to both elements."
,Recommended,257850,22348002,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Hank Hill,"Edit: They updated the game to run at 60 fps and it dramatically improves the game. Now the game is truly a masterpiece. I highly recommend it as it is one of my favorite games of all time.Hyper Light drifter is a masterpiece. Despite the fact that it runs at 30 fps, it manages to convey an amazing world and story through beautiful art design, phenomenal level design, and excellent mechanics. It is very minimalistic in its approach and attempts to communicate to the player through visual design and organic level design, rather than through explicit hand holding. It is very similar to dark souls in its execution, however it is purely beholding of its own identity. A warning to some, the design can be very obtuse if you are not paying attention and some players might find certain mechanics, introduced later in the game, to be overly obfuscated.Concerning the 30 fps, I'd imagine the game would play better at an unlocked frame rate, however I never once noticed any form of delay that affected the very smooth and responsive combat. The style and gameplay seem to be designed in a way that the frame rate escaped my mind completely while I was playing. This is also coming from someone who noticed microstutters in Witcher 3 and drove himself crazy trying to fix it, so take it as you will. That being said, the game is incredibly polished and ran without any issues or even any descernable glitches.Overall Conclusions: The game is phenomenal. If you cannot handle playing anything at 30 fps, you might want to avoid this, but I suggest that you try it before you make that judgement. Mechanics MAY be overly obfescated for some players."
,Recommended,257850,25811039,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,FALGSC,"I can't recommend this game enough. It is truly a unique experience. There is nothing like this game, the aesthetic, the gameplay, the story, are all utterly unique. The best way I can describe it is Fez crossed with Dark Souls. Fez for the polished, cohesive design and palettes and Dark Souls for the immersive, extrapolative story telling and involved fighting. Seriously, pick this game up and give it a try."
76561197969608496,Recommended,257850,25811644,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,morΔsso,dope city
,Recommended,257850,25811865,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,K-,A true masterpiece!
,Recommended,257850,22263280,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,g0dsgreen,"The hype is real... 60fps.  Now has local co op which is neat.  Also, boss rush."
,Recommended,257850,25761674,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,HikageBurner,"If I had a dollar for each time I died, I could buy an Nvidia 10 Series Notebook.But not once did I find my deaths frustrating, unfair, (Okay maybe a few were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but) or something that ever made me want to stop playing. Hyper Light Drifter's Gameplay is so solid, snappy, and genuinely fun. The visuals are simple, but vary and are absolutely breathtaking at times. Enemies are vibrant enough, but honestly could have used a little more variation. Enemies do react formulatically, with how you're likely to play, and I actually found that great, so that as I grew more and more powerful and skilled, I was always going to be caught offguard. The little things, like kicking up dust when you've dashed a ton is really satisfying, and the puzzling in the game using that mechanic is refined in a way that it's not really ever annoying or menial. Music was an absolute blast, adding atmosphere and suspense whenever it was needed, really wishing I could afford the soundtrack right now. If I could rate this game on a scale of 1-10, I'd give it a 9.75, the only thing taken from it being the lack of Enemy Variation. Ending is a potential eye waterer.TL;DR, Perfect 10 in every catagory, but could use a couple more base enemy types or designs.Must buy, absolutely amazing fun. Like Original Legend of Zelda, more colors, no Dialogue, snappy quick combat, much more difficult, amazing music, enemy variety of the likes of LOZ LttP."
76561198030206899,Recommended,257850,25761845,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ahegao,"7/10Pros:- Art design:Look at it. It sells itself.- Music:Go listen to it on Spotify or Youtube. Then buy the soundtrack and have the feels all night long.- Story:Open to interpretation. Still better than No Man's Sky.- Collectors compulsion:There's lots of shiny secret things to get. Prepare to lose lots of your life finding them all.Cons:- Exploration:Exploring isn't that hard itself until you find yourself fighting the art since the aesthetic doesn't convey depth that well. Good luck finding that secret without a guide.- Camera:It's usually not a problem until it starts jerking around because you happened to reach a part of the world where it transitions to a completely different view, leaving you to get hit unfairly by enemies.- Combat:The game clearly takes some clues from the Dark Souls type games for combat in that it forces you to commit to a move. Unlike Dark Souls/Bloodbourne it doesn't apply to the enemies, so enemies can be spamming attacks while you're stuck in attack/dodge frames.- Controls:Controller is way better for movement, especially for the dash chaining move. Keyboard is way better for the combat, expecially shooting. Would have been nice for both methods to be equally good."
76561198068314092,Recommended,257850,25761894,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Jacopollo,"After the 60FPS update I cannot but recommend this game to everyone willing to dive into a fantastically imaginative tale. It's a small (albeit not perfect!) gem, and I admire the genius and passion that brought it to life. Looking forward to their next endeavours."
,Recommended,257850,24661381,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,sykes,This has become one of my most favorite games. It's easily within my top 5. I only wish there was a sequel or additional content.There's now a 60fps version of the game which you can play through steam beta as they flesh out the small details before it goes live.Highly recommend it!
