user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198059760652,Not Recommended,257830,9400272,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,j.r.dutka,"So, this game is pretty and that's about it.Without a narrative, you have no idea what it is you're doing and why you're doing it.You are doing puzzles that are almost completely random so you're just doing trial and error until it works and half the time I didn't even understand WHY it worked.  It was just a thing that I did.  Difficulty pays off when things become clear, but this is just ""pull this until a thing happens.""  The puzzles are only difficult by virtue of the fact that they make little sense.  Also, your telekinetic ability is incredibly selective; you can effect something a screen away, but you can't use it to pick something up that's just out of physical reach?Music is pretty boring, the gibberish that passes as speech is very grating on my ears and the sound in general made no impact whatsoever on me.It was a waste of $9.99 and I regret the purchase wholeheartedly."
76561198086138477,Recommended,257830,8032297,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Kitty,"This game reminds me of Coraline and the gameplay itself is rather fun, this coming from my experience in other point and click games.From the brief amount of time I have played, i've noticed something which to me seemed rather annoying. If Violett can't perform a specific task there is a 3-4 second wait while she shakes her head.I recommend you pick this up while the launch sale is still on!"
,Recommended,257830,8037090,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Mezza,"First Impressions : This is such a nice chilled point and click. I've played an hour so far and loved it, will definatley make time to finish it off! I made a quick 5 minute review here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTbz-pc2XTc"
,Recommended,257830,8044451,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,happywalrus,"I'm playing this game with my wife, and we have quite mixed feelings about it.Pros: This game's plot seems to be inspired by the animated movie ""Caroline"". Quite interesting, I must say. Music is nice, graphics too.Puzzles are, how I should say ... unusual, something different from typical point-n-click adventure. And this leads to ...Cons: puzzle controls give you HELL. They are suitable for a tablet game, a touchscreen PC, but totally not for playing with a mouse.Also after a few scenes I don't have a clue what are these colored spheres for?If Steam had 5-star ratings, for now I'd give this game 3 stars - for music and graphics. Can't recommend for everyone, can't dislike too"
,Recommended,257830,10593592,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Abstruse and sometimes outright broken in its design elements, Violett commits the worst crime for an adventure game: it confronts the player with poorly designed puzzles that require little logic and lots of luck and clueless clicking in order to be solved.An intriguing premise and interesting art style aren’t enough to drag Violett up to the level of other more accomplished point and click adventures.You might enjoy the time that you spend with Violett, but you should approach it with modest expectations and a good deal of patience.Still, Violett is only priced at $10, and it’s probably the type of game that’s going to go on sale a lot, so if you’re looking for something different then it’s not the worst thing in the world to purchase and try out.Overall 5/10."
76561198141404871,Recommended,257830,16996381,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,joan4003,"Storyline: Annoyed emo chic Violett gets drags off to the ""country"" by her upset/angry parents to her uncle's (?) delapitated house, and ends up having a very bizarre adventure like Alice, Corinne or Dorothy (Wizard of Oz, movie; the OZ books are even more bizarre).  The environments are a tad creepy in nonsensical, illogical and flat out bizarre type of way, much like Wonderland, Oz or where ever Corinne took place, are.And to all those ""there is no story line"" complainers out there please explain to me how Alice in Wonderland made any sense at all, ever, in either book or any of the countless movies (and movie remakes).  Violett's entire storyline occurs during the preliminary movie, and has absolutely no bearing on the adventure.Puzzles: Unique and with some very obscure clues at times, plus the gamer really has to look at the details in the background to realize what to do in some cases.  Good for that out of the box thinking and improving those observational skills.  The logic for the puzzles is there, a tad obsure at times, I admit, but if the gamer takes the TIME to LOOK FOR and TALK TO all the characters, the characters will explain pictorially what to do.Worst puzzle: Chimneys.  Not difficult to figure out just timed.  I knew what to do but was highly frustrated by the fact it took so long to do it.  Only time I needed a hint, and the hint I needed was that the puzzle was timed.  (It would have been easier to do with a reset button too.)A side note to the puzzles and overall concept: this game makes far more sense and is far easy to play then Limbo.While playing watch Violett.  If she makes a negative Uh-huh sound while vertically moving her hands the gamer is on the wrong track.  If she puts her hand under her chin in a thoughtful pose then the gamer is on right track.  She is the best clue giver in the game.For most gamers I would say the biggest drawback is actually taking the TIME to look around and examine the objects while thinking about what to do and where to do it.  Half way through the game the gamer starts accumulating an inventory which needs to be used in another environment.Collecting orbs:  In my first playthrough I collected 80+, 90+, 90+ of the orbs.  Unfortunately some of the green orbs are so well hidden the gamer needs a guide to find them. (They are invisible basically and the gamer needs to know exactly where they are.)   Collecting orbs takes TIME, a keen eye, and just a bit of intuitive thinking.  They are needed for the end game, so the more the gamer has, the better off the gamer is. (I highly recommend Dspecht's orb hunting guide.)Overall: Wonderful game with whimsical if not fantiful music.  Simple yet highly detailed environments. Logic puzzles based solely on the ""thinking"" of illogical characters (In other words, what to do would make sense to them, not us.)  Admittedly the end game surprised me, I definitely was not expecting it.Biggest drawback: TIME.  From all the reviews and comments I have read after I played this game time seems to be the biggest complaint.  This game took me a couple of hours to play through the first time, in a very leisurely and casual manner.  I enjoyed it immensely, looking at the detailed environments, chuckling over the diary pages, and simply shaking my head in amusement at the overall bizarreness.  This is not the type of game to speedrun or meant to do as fast as possible.  This game is meant to casually stroll through, while doing things like solve puzzles.  If an action packed speedrun type of game is what you want then this is not the game for you."
76561198047849599,Not Recommended,257830,9590725,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Dvarin,"The graphics are fantastically pretty.But, that's about all I can wholehearedly endorse about Violett.  The best puzzle-adventure games use subtle signalling to show the user what's possible and have a sort of internal logic and consistency.  Violett is not really one of these games.  There were a number of really nice ""Oh hey, this situation reminds me of this thing I saw a couple rooms back maybe I can use that oh look it worked"" bits, but maybe 20% of the time what you were required to do made no sense at all and it just degenerated into ""click random things on the screen until something changes.""  Especially the parts where there are several on/off switches strewn about the screen and you get to guess which ones should be set which way.They probably knew this sort of thing happened, which is why they put in the hinting system.  Unfortunately, even if you take the hint for what you're supposed to do there's still no guarantee that you can actually do it: the controls are often fidgety and difficult to get to work with a mouse, something that was especially frustrating in the later parts of the game where you had to actually time actions properly.  I'm guessing the controls were actually designed for a tablet of some sort.The first part of the game is by far the most irritating, due to needing to getting used to the controls and on account of the illustration-based explanation style.  Probably they did that in order to avoid needing translation, but sometimes the explanatory illustrations are as mysterious as much of the rest of the game.Speaking of translation, they clearly didn't get anyone native to look at their English.  Fortunately it's all flavor text so you can ignore it.All that said--it's not actuallybad, so pick it up if it's on sale or something.  Just expect to spend the first 30 minutes cursing.General disclaimer:  I don't generally play casual point-and-click games, whichmightaccount for some of the controls difficulties.  I do like and play puzzle solving games."
76561197993277505,Recommended,257830,8039570,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Amoebic,"Really enjoying this so far! I've gotten two of the jewellery pieces, and have solved a few of the puzzles. The controls are a little clunky, but once you get used to how they work it gets a lot easier. That's another thing I liked - this game isn't too easy!Too many modern games seem to hold your hand a lot and have really easy puzzles with a default easy setting that you have to ramp up to ""hard"" so it's not boring (vanity difficulty?). Not this one; I find that it defaults to challenging.Violett reminds me of older games that you kind of had to walk away and stew on them a bit to figure out.  I have had it crash a few times, but it autosaves well and reloads without issue, but that may have to do with the game setting I've chosen. I haven't had it ""stick"" in places like other users have mentioned. I did start with the hints turned off, and when I got stuck on the drawer puzzle I turned it on. Unfortunately, the hints stayed off. Looks like I'll have to solve it the old fashioned way. It's probably for the best, doing it on my own will be a lot more rewarding!Despite the minor operational issues, I REALLY like this game. Lush, vibrant environments and a lovely sountrack to boot. It's very charming! With the sale going on right now it's really worth the time and investment. Especially if you enjoyed games like Myst and 7th Guest in the past."
,Not Recommended,257830,9084354,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Dr Spaceman,"Just finished the game. Overall I would give ie 5-6/10Aspects of the game I really enjoyed:- very pretty, rich colours and lots of detail- love how imaginative the illustrations were, I really felt like I was somewhere magical- how all the different scenes fitted into each other. It wasn't a linear, point A to B environmentAspects of the game I found quite frustrating:- lack of instructions, which in itself is not bad, except when there are game glitches as well. A few times when I was stuck, I wasn't sure if it was me, or a glitch.- The hint thing at the bottom of the screen hardly ever worked for me.- lack of logic and cohesion- I found the picture instructions given by the different characters very vague. As the game progressed, everything became easier but at the beginning I had no idea what the caterpillar wanted. If the instructions were in colour, it would have helped."
76561198045208825,Not Recommended,257830,12670819,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Shatiz,"TLDR: poor puzzle design with no feedback, interface problems and mazelike hubworld that wastes your time makes Violett an uninteresting experience. Potentially serious bugs. Buy at your own risk.Long version:  You play as Violett, a young girl trapped in fantasy world trying to piece together an amulet to get home. The game starts quite promisingly with a nice cutscene and some excellent artwork. It really seemed like an interesting world to dive into and even if the heroine of the story was very silent it seemed like she would be given a lot of personality (like in Machinarium). I only played for about an hour and a half  though (according to Steam) with a break inbetween, so don't take this as a review of the whole game.The reason I quit was because there does not seem to be much beneath the surface. The interface is incredibly clunky and seems to be suffering from ""I'm designed to work on a phone""ites. It is impossible to even guess what will happen when you click something and sometimes you have to click multiple times to get it to work. It is also hard to click precisely on something when several items are near. So thank you for the ""Keep clicking pointless things"" achievement game... I like being insulted by the games I play when I have a good reason to blame the game for the problems.The absolutely biggest problem though is the lack of feedback though. You click on something and Violett shrugs... can she do nothing with it? Do I need I item to use on it? Do I need to click something else first? No clue. Hell, there are some items that you can drag and others that you can't. You better hope you realize when you can because otherwise nothing will happen... or as with the wheel in the caterpillar room, it will do something which means you won't realize you can move it unless you accidently drag it. Speaking of the caterpillar... he asks for a ring to give me the key. I give him a ring, he takes it. Nothing happens. Talk to him again, he still wants a ring? Was it the wrong ring, but he took it? Does he want two rings? Is it just a bug and I should restart from before I gave it to him? Not a clue.Add in the mazelike hubworld that you have to run around to get to different places that is a complete waste of time and also have deadends... nah. A game needs goodwill for me not to be annoyed by timewasters like that, and Violett has none. I would not recommend buying or playing Violett. Maybe it gets better later on, but I doubt it and I will not try to find out."
76561198011136364,Recommended,257830,13286914,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Drya,"Violett is a challenge. Not necessarily because the puzzles are extremely hard or because the game play is terrible. Simply because it's a point and click puzzle game and they tend to come with their own brand of problems.That said, I found Violett enjoyable. (For the record, if you don't like point and clicks, don't play this. It will drive you up the wall. I've seen a few reviews by people who said they don't usually play point and clicks, so why on earth did they play this?)There are a few bugs to the game:*The cursor doesn't always seem line up with what I'm trying to click on, some times there are more technical bugs (I personally didn't run into any, but there are reports).*Some of the puzzles don't make the most sense.*There are a few plot holes (the Diary is referred to as Uncle's diary. Is it her Uncle? Is that why her family moved there when she is clearly more a city girl?)*Achievements aren't always rewarded as advertised (I got Sherlock Holmes in a game that I used hints but have still yet to be granted Supercharged...)The game feels like it was designed for a touch screen. The recommended setting is for a swipe setting, which doesn't always translate to mouse movement well.  Which, thinking about it, is probably why the mouse cursor doesn't always line up right. A finger working as the cursor would have a much larger interaction than the mouse cursor. I definitely had the sense in the beginning of ""What the hell am I suppose to be doing?"" It's hard to determine what's interactable environment and what's not.On the other hand, the music is delightful and subtle. The puzzles aren't repetative, which is a frequent problem I have in point and clicks. Once you figure out the quirks of the game, they're fairly consistant over the entire game. The Diary has wonderful insights in to the world you're running around in and I'd really love to see more of this, maybe in a sequel? (Seriously though, I'm never going to look at garden gnomes the same.) I'll fully admit, I don't mind replaying the game over and over, trying to get the achievements (I'm at run through #4 now, trying to get Supercharged).So, while not my most favorite ""OMFG you have to play this"" game, it's definitely been a delightful little game and I've enjoyed working on it."
76561197970529119,Recommended,257830,14958370,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Static10101,"This might be one of the hardest games I have tried to review so far, as far as pros and cons go.The art style is very well done--a mash-up of cartoon mixed with very surreal objects and environments.  It is quite an engaging atmosphere to traverse as you go from each distinctly different room to the next.You start in a cage and you are on your own from there.  It can be rather daunting trying to figure out what you are supposed to do, even from the get go, and you are going to be doing a lot of random clicking on objects that are both identified by a cursor change to let you know that an object is intended to be used or picked up, as well as interactive objects that you are offered no cursor change to signify whether or not it is something that can be used, picked up, or perhaps intended to later be used as part of the seemingly random puzzles that each room offers.  There will be lots of orbs that you pick up, with no explanation whether these are merely collectables (which they are as it turns out, so far as I have noticed--I am just past the first ""part"" of the game) or ""inventory objects"" for puzzles.If you don't mind thinking WAY outside of the box and relying mainly on experimentation (or a walkthrough) than this game has a lot to offer.  It breaks the traditional mold of a point and click adventure game, and I have yet to decide whether this is a good thing or a bad thing.  I, personally, enjoy both point and click adventure games as well as hidden object games, and I grew up playing all of those silly Sierra and Lucasarts games that had you often using item in unexpected ways, so the culmination that is Violett is overall appealing to me.  It certainly won't be for everyone, but if you can pick it up cheap or in a bundle somewhere, it is definately worth taking a look at.  There is something very luring about the abstract areas that you explore, and while some parts are hair-pullingly frustrating, other parts cannot help but make you smile and want to see where else this odd game is going to take you."
,Recommended,257830,14037059,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Absurd Logic,"To preface: I encountered zero bugged areas, quest issues, broken achievements, crashes, screen blips, or hangups while playing this on Win 7 64-bit, so the devs most likely tackled all or most of the issues people have been complaining about up till now (Jan 2015). That said, don't let the bug complaints in other reviews deter you.Violett. Admittedly, this is a tough one. I adored the music, the art style (the 2.5D in-game, not the 2D intro/ending), the colorful characters, the bug world, and the goals. I'm a fan of puzzle games and ""collect-them-all"" type of scavenger hunts, and I rarely have difficulty completing them on my own.However I simply could not complete Violett without a walkthrough. Many of the puzzles areridiculouslyconvoluted, and that'sasidefrom the main 4 required for theBrain Overloadachievement. The roof elevator puzzle alone nearly made me weep and ragequit.Even ""simpler"" puzzles are not at all intuitive. They could take hours of trial and error, especially:- If you miss a necessary item that you can only get in another scene (but you aren't told where);- If you move to one side of the screen, the scene elements can block the very thing you need to click on (e.g. the Kitchen &Garçon de cuisineachievement, or any number of orbs that are hidden from certain angles);- Any instance of ""nope, can't have this/get there till you do this/find that/give this character X number of these"";- If you don't figure out the specific puzzle mechanics or ""logic"", which are rarely or never explained.I'm not saying games should hold your hand through puzzles. That wouldn't present any challenge. But when the clues and/or a solution to a puzzle are so COMPLETELY off-the-wall and nothing you'd even think to try without tripping over it accidentally -- that's just bad foresight in the puzzle design itself.And then there are the doors. Oh god, the doors. Go in here, come out there. Go back in the same way, come out on a different level. Rinse, repeat. It's like a damn Benny Hill hallway chase scene, except you're the only one running around like a loon. Oh, and even worse, if you pull a lever/push a button in those scenes, every route changes and you have to figure it all out again. *facepalm*I do wish the characters had a bit more interesting/interactive elements instead of just being part of the scene or spouting chimpmunk-speed gibberish (sounded like Russian at some points) along with a single picture bubble as a ""clue"", but that limitation didn't really take away from [mostly] understanding what they wanted from you.You WILL need a guide if you're going for theSuperchargedachievement to collect all the orbs. Some of them are so hidden away it's like the devs don'twantyou to find things unless you click every spot on the screen. At least there aren't any click penalties, cuz man, would I be in trouble.So why do I recommend the game?Aside from the frustrations of the puzzles, I would still say Violett is a unique and fun experience. I didn't really mind using a text or video walkthrough forsomemost parts, because I could look past that and enjoy other aspects of the game, like the art, character design, ""2.5D"" level design, and silly Alice-like atmosphere. If you have no issues with ""reading the directions"" and then just enjoying it while you follow them, you may get the same level of enjoyment out of Violett that I did.It's not a masterpiece by any definition, but even after a complete playthrough my mind drifts back to Violett's bug world now and again, and in that sense I would say the game is pleasantly unforgettable.I wouldn't get it at full price (mainly because the insane puzzle designs waste far more playtime than they should), but when it's on sale (especially for .99 cents), you should consider giving it a shot."
,Recommended,257830,11988016,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,`ƁĪƓƓǛǸŜ57＇,After playing this game with my wife for almost 10 hours .This game is full of 'BUGS' both literally and figuratively.Many freeze ups for my wife on her PC . On my PC Im getting bugs and glitches keeping me from playing a game that should be a walk in park to a frustrating storyline.Pretty graphics semi easy puzzles make this a nice game if you are a fan of hidden object games. I bought it for  $1.99 at 80% off so it was a great deal .Yes its worth the money and can be a nice game for younger gamers also .But the issues with the game itself might be a big drawback.
,Recommended,257830,19780446,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Vt1,"In my opinion this is not a Point and Click Adventure so if you're looking for that don't buy it, I don't understand why it has that tag.But I recommend it as a Hidden Object and Puzzle game with a very wonky controlled boss fight at the end, (but it's the only scene where there is anything like that and I got the hang of it after a few tries).The puzzles are for the most part logical enough when you get used to the style of thinking for the game, these types of games useally differ in how the person who made the puzzles think and it always takes me a puzzle or two to understand what's going on, but after you do they aren't really hard just some of them are a little wierd.Alot of review mention alot of bugs but I've only played the remastered version and appart from the game crashing twice (it had autosaved where I was so that wasn't really an issue), other then that I encountered only one bug, which was the green orb on the queens hat was not clickable for me, that seems to be a known bug though and I found all other orbs so I got the Supercharged achivement without getting that one orb."
76561197989346754,Recommended,257830,8069741,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Nezchan,"Well, I just got done with Violett and I must say there's a lot that's both good and bad.The Good:Overall, I found the experience charming. The art is excellent, most (but not all) of the puzzles are challenging but not impossible, and I liked the hidden item collection. The Machinarium-style pictograms were a good choice, making localization a breeze.  Music was great too, and I appreciate the OST coming with the Steam release sale.The Not So Good:The hint system is TERRIBLE!  Totally tells you nothing you need to know. Plus, some of the puzzles aren't tremendously intuitive, and when you suddenly need to start backtracking after a series of self-contained rooms it's unexpected.  The hidden item aspect, which I do like, actually makes no sense in terms of mana since you never use it. I haven't tried, but I expect you can finish the game quite handily without picking up a single bit of mana throughout which makes it pointless except to gain an achievement.  Finally, there's the rather inexplicable ending scene which I suspect was intended to be interactive but somehow plays automatically.  Makes no sense in context, since you haven't seen or heard about this character from the beginning, so it's quite confounding.I should make special mention of the story, or rather the lack thereof. At the beginning, we are given a pretty bare-bones setup. Unhappy girl, taken to big house, finds amulet and gets sucked into another world.  And...that's pretty much all you get.  Other than a glimpse at the beginning of the game and a diary entry that you can easily miss out on, the player has NO CLUE who the villain at the end is. Even then, there's no indication if they're the one who brought you into this world. You also aren't given any idea what this place is, or how it's related to you. There's one reference that the diary belonged to your uncle, but that's the sole mention of him, so again we're lost.Finally, there are the bugs. I only had to restart the game from the beginning once (from the library) but others have had to do it multiple times. I also ran into a couple of graphical glitches towards the end. Better quality control should have been done before this was released onto Steam, for sure.Overall:Despite all that, I'd still recommend the game although you might need to look in the community for hints. It is undeniably charming, and that's a large part of it for me. I just wish there were a more engaging story to go with it."
,Not Recommended,257830,12415153,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Meatwagon,"This game looked very pretty, but there is not enough logic in the puzzles, so there seems to be no way to figure out the solutions without an unbounded amount of random clicking.  A good point-and-click game will present a consistent and logical universe, where you can understand how the parts interact, and figure out how to use the available tools to solve the puzzles. This game didn't do that.  Even once we solved some of the puzzles, we weren't left thinking ""Oh, that makes sense!"" but rather ""How were we supposed to guess *that*?""(My 6-year-old agrees, and quickly lost interest.)"
76561198120348585,Recommended,257830,13536375,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,"Gee, It's E","To start off, this game has huge potential.Hidden objects everywhere, secrets, puzzles, (beautiful graphics) it makes my head spin.Sure, there's some clipping, and some things just seem out of the blue annoying, but honestly, at the point the game is at, the faults are made up for.Really, the one thing that bothers me about this game is that I needed a guide so much.A lot of the times you're thrown into a scene and have to do something, find something, or make something happen, but you aren't really given anywhere to start.On occasion, when I'd get stuck, I'd go to every room and click all around the screen because that's the only way you'd find out if you'd missed anything.But, for a game that was just starting to get on it's feet when I got it, it shocked the heck outta me.To put it plainly, it was captivating.I just HAD to solve the next puzzle, HAD to get to the next room, HAD to remove whatever got in my way.And that leads me to my next peeve about this game.It's a ""burn out"" game, and by that I mean you play it until you wear out, and don't go back for a while, then play it again until you burn out again... and the cycle repeats.If that still makes no sense, I mean it holds my attention until I exit the game.Once you're out of it... it just doesn't seem welcoming.Nonetheless, I'm sure they'd updated plenty of things since I last played, which was about an eon ago, so maybe things are slightly different.I, also, still highly reccomend this game, because, hey, every game has its perks and erks."
,Not Recommended,257830,8560596,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,yunholoman,"Edit: After the new hint update, I tried giving it another shot, and it made the game much more playable. I would say it's about 50/50 whether I can recommend this game or not. If you enjoy classic style point and click adventure games, this one may strike a chord with you. However, it's also very frustrating and generally incredibly vague on what you need to do next. There's really no story associated with the game, and the only dialogue is in pictures and garbled voices, so there's no Monkey Island or Day of the Tentacle style quips to keep you entertained, and no real cohesion between levels other than you're very small and in a sort of fantasy insect world.Overall, there have been times when I've enjoyed this game, and times that I've been so frustrated that I turned it off and went and did something else. And unfortunately, the latter has been more prevalent. The graphics in the game are cool, I really like the concepts that the designers came up with. The music is very well done, but it gets a little obnoxious playing on repeat if you get stuck on a certain level for a long time. For the most part it fits in well with the game, though.I've really enjoyed the design of some of the puzzles, like the cupboard with numbered drawers and the Mole Man water puzzle. However, a lot of the puzzles don't really seem like they're things that make you think, just things that make you click on a lot of different things or give up and use a hint. The elevator with the arrows, for example. I figured out the left and right part easily enough, but I never would have gotten the specific solution if I hadn't used a hint. And there are a lot of puzzles like this, unfortunately. With the updated hint system though, while it hurts my pride to admit defeat, I can still use a hint and get past it instead of being stuck and not being able to play the game any more.My only compaint about the hints is that if I'm 90% through a level when I get stuck, if I haven't used any hints up to that point, it makes you use the hints in order. I have to use 4 hints just to get help with where I'm currently at. It would be nice if it would keep track of your level progress and grey out or skip hints that no longer apply to you."
,Not Recommended,257830,10134354,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Bonder,"This game is oozing with style.Unfortunately that's all its got going for it. The puzzles are horrible and unintuitive. The interface gets stuck at times, forcing you to reload. The tips were not helpful and from the very start I wondered how to use items from the inventory, what the interaction mechnics were, etc.The music, while fitting, never appealed to me melody-wise, it just wasn't memorable music.Getting lost in the 'lobby' or staircase area isn't my idea of a fun staging area.But more than anything... you will just get stuck in a senseless and/or broken puzzle, even sometimes to the point of having to restart the entire game over.I'm sorry I spent a dime of my money on this.... don't waste yours."
76561198041519091,Recommended,257830,8064857,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,WhitePaw2011,"I quickly snapped up Violett and eagerly jumped into the game once it installed. I have to admit feeling a little lost at the beginning as there is no spoon feeding. You are plunged straight into an environment that encourages you to explore. I normally enjoy these sort of games but I find Violett frustrates me more than entertains me. I'm a good portion of my way in and I no longer have the satisfaction of solving a puzzle or the excitement of a new location.Graphically it is interesting and the imaginative game world, inspired by Alice in Wonderland, certainly adds a new dimension. Music is okay and helps set the atmosphere. But something is missing, something just doesn't quite gel.Most of the puzzles do make sense in their own, sometime surreal, way although I do find myself randomly clicking on things without a sense of direction when I'm stuck. Other times I've missed important clues that blended a little too well with the background or solved something by accident without really knowing what I did. A few puzzles were simple enough to solve but tedious to execute and my only satisfaction in completing them was I didn't have to do it again.Maybe part of what is missing, for me at least, is some sort of feedback mechanism. I feel detached from what is going on in the game. I can only make sense of the various scenes by what I see with my eyes. Violett does not attempt to enrich that with any further explanation, for example items that are picked up cannot be examined closer nor do they have labels. I've come across a few things that I have no idea what they are let alone what to use them for. Violett is also a little helpless when trying something that isn't valid. Just a shrug with little indication (in most cases) as to why it is not valid. It reminds me of those old school Text Adventures that had the default response ""I can't do that"". I'm never sure if it's because it is impossible in the game or I haven't satisfied all the prerequisites.It must be noted that the controls are simplistic but unfortunately a tad clunky. They feel as they've been designed with a touch device in mind. I'm playing with a keyboard and mouse so that may be why.I can't not recommend this game as it certainly does have merit, it's reasonably executed and it has generated a lot of eager discussion and favourable comments in the forum, but for me I don't think I have the will to progress much further. If you enjoy puzzle based games then you may get something out of Violett but mileage will vary."
,Not Recommended,257830,10307105,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,rhyraptor,"Pros: Beautiful game, good music, interesting world.Cons: The puzzles were ususally very difficult to complete without a guide. I had some issues with the character not moving the exact spot I wanted her to go to, and some times she would get stuck on pieces of the environment. The orbs were also very hard to find even when really looking for them."
,Not Recommended,257830,19149378,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Gex (Away from PC),pros :-awesome scenes-cool main character-colorful-good storycons:-weird puzzles (nonsense)-bug bug bug bug .. stuck restart-still bug bug bug bug bugggg
76561198067158754,Recommended,257830,13374389,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,MiniKat,"I'm torn about recommending this game or not. There were some control/command issues that I found which made gameplay irritating in many places....including the boss fight. The plot lead in and ending could have been better, but the adventures during gameplay were interesting enough to keep me slogging through the control issues. I did love the artwork and animation. The solitary cut-scene was kind of random, but it's skippable. I finished the game with about 12 hours of game-play. It kept me entertained while I was sick.That being said, I know the developers have recently mentioned finding bugs and working to fix said bugs. Patches have been rolled out etc. I'm certain with more time they will be able to smooth out the control issues, particularly if people are willing to let them know about them.I think I'm going to go ahead and be optimistic that more debugging in the future will help the game and go ahead and recommend it to others. But with a warning: if you are easily frustrated with buggy controls, don't bother until more debugging's been done. Currently I give it a 4 out of 10, but it has the potential to be much better with further debugging."
,Recommended,257830,13973087,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Nanoworlder,"Point and click games generally have three factors that determine its quality: story, art style, and puzzles.This game has a rather simplistic straightforward story, so don't expect any plot twists, internal conflicts, or multiple endings. In addition, even though the story is largely derivative of Lewis Caroll'sAlice in Wonderland, the diary pages do provide some interesting and amusing backstory to the characters that you meet along the way.In terms of art style,Violetthas some very pleasing hand painted 2D background art and the 3D models are not too shabby either. Also, don't fret about turning this game's graphical quality up to the highest. It barely causes the fan of my low end graphics card to spin faster.Finally, the puzzles and challenges of this game aren't too difficult provided that one has a keen eye in spotting patterns and hidden clues. Also, the game has a hint system for those that are stuck on a particular puzzle. Of course, if you choose to use it you won't qualify for certain achievements.Overall, this is a point and click game is with an emphasis on puzzles and challenges. If one is looking for something akin to theDeponia seriesorThe Longest Journey, then one isn't going to find it here in this game."
,Recommended,257830,14594409,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lyzzie,"Violett is beautiful and have a great music and atmosphere! The actions can be a little random sometimes and you can get very lost if you don't follow a guide to help you, but there is very brilliant and helpful guides in the community, thanks a lot!If you like games with a fantastic atmosphere, you will love it!"
,Recommended,257830,8043328,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,LuMooo,"nice game, good music that doesnt annoy, no regular point and click adventure tooo much mystery for that"
76561198001107755,Recommended,257830,8078430,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Alexa,"This game is both a joy and a frustration to play!The setpieces are literally taken from fairytales, there's a hint of a dark, strange atmosphere and the puzzles will have you scratching your head in confusion at times, although in hindsight they're all pretty logical.The music is also a very appropiate addition to the overall feeling and the whole ""Soundtrack Edition"" thing on Steam is not entirely without its merit.Unfortunately, the technical aspects of the game are not as polished as I would have liked. Setting 4:3 resolutions will literally cut off your image and there will be things you will not see (which is of vital importance during some puzzles), the English localization sometimes looks wrong and the controls are sometimes very annoying and slow.In addition, whenever she fails to do something, Violett undergoes a very long animation that effectively prevents you from doing anything for a few seconds.To sum it all up ... you should definitely give this game a try, but you could wait for a better promo (currently it's 6 euro) or until the devs iron out the kinks."
,Not Recommended,257830,28692872,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SammeyChar,"Its fun-ish, but so far half the puzzles make no sense to me. Like the logic is gone and its just a guess until it works type of thing.  I like hard puzzles, but you still have to understand the concept or strategy on how to play."
76561198067265225,Recommended,257830,8133219,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,sisselkitty,"While this game still has a lot of bugs (some potentially game breaking) it's pretty rad and has nice music, and they're releasing a bunch of patches so it should be better soon.Small con- this game does require that you have a brain."
,Recommended,257830,12918313,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,V snuffles,"I really enjoyed this, a great puzzle game. Some of the puzzles are genuinely challenging to figure out, so that was fun. There was only one puzzle annoying enough for me to look up, the rest were challenging at times but fun to figure out.I really liked the bizarre setting, it has a really nice mood, and the music is *amazing* and fits the setting really well. I also like that the NPCs are really just going about their own business and their lives don't revolve around you as a nice departure from the 'do this for me' quests usually found in point-and-clicks. Achievements ranged from easy to challenging but were fun to fulfill for the most part. The orbs are a little annoying to get sometimes so you might want to guide it once you've had a good go. It would be nice if you got some hints about the remaining orbs once you'd beaten the game or something since they already have hints for the main game and it's less spoilery than looking up a guide that tells you outright where they are.The boss fight feels a bit odd, standing out from the rest of the game mechanics-wise, but it gives meaning to collecting all those orbs which is more than a lot of other games bother to do. And it's not too hard once you get the hang of it. A practise room with a dummy would've been cool though, so you can have used the skills before fighting the big bad.Update: The free update was pretty good as far as I can tell: the new areas had fun, well thought-out puzzles. They fit in seamlessly and apparently there are other improvements which I didn't encounter when I replayed the game. (Possibly they were hints.) It was pretty decent of them to add free bonus content, improve graphics and more fixes to the game."
76561198079145742,Recommended,257830,9241444,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Wurzelzweig [Linux],"Violett is a little girl tumbling into a fantastic adventure where she shrinked to the size of a bug. While the main aim is to find back home to her parent's house, she needs to solve lots of puzzles with many crosslinks. The graphics are nice and cute, the music is interesting like some film score.  She can only walk - in the beginning. Through her journey, she will find many balls/orbs in three different colors and three special glowing orbs that gives her special powers (jump, psychokineses and defense shield). The normal balls will fill the energy levels for all three powers.She has to go to the same scenes several times to completely solve all puzzles and many orbs are hidden very well (sometimes they are invisible hidden). If you are stuck, you can get help with the icon circle in the lower right. If she speaks with animals, you only here some strange queeks with some words and speech bubbles explaining the required item in sketches.The very first scene, where she is trapped in a cage, can only be played once - all other scenes can be visited again. There is an autosave feature but you might want to save your game already right in this first scene (in case you want to get all achievements by finding all orbs). You can also save your current game in new save slots, if you like. Unfortunately, the game ""froze"" a few times, i.e. Violett wasn't able to move anymore, everything else continued on the screen. But saving and restarting solved these issues.<SPOILER ON>The very last scene is some kind of boss fight with the spider queen but I wasn't able to move Violett as I liked to. I somehow made it but this was just try and error and some luck. Too bad as an end for this nice puzzle adventure.</SPOILER OFF>Despite the few glitches, I recommend this time waster as it is challenging and has nice graphics, music and puzzles."
76561198114644499,Not Recommended,257830,9237828,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,StellaFox320,"First of all, this game reminds me an awful lot of the movie Coraline. Second off the controls in this game are just awful. There are no indications for doing anything right and the puzzles are overly simple. The only reason I had to use a walkthrough was because I wasn't sure if I was doing something right, simply because the controlling was so off. I couldn't beat the boss in the end because the fireballs wouldn't release. This game is definitely not worth $10.00 in my opinion. The artwork is beautiful, but the gameplay and story is just bad."
,Recommended,257830,8106591,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Ucchedavāda,"After having finished Violett, I am in two minds about whether or not to recommend it, so in the end I've chosen to recommend it, but with some (significant) caveats.In Violett, you'll guide the titular protagonist through a beautifully rendered fantasy land, which is peopled with strange creatures, and reminiscent of Alice in Wonderland. While doing so, you'll be enjoying excellent background music, which is also included with the game as MP3s. Violett is a point-and-click adventure game, with elements of a hidden-object game. Not only are many objects with which you need to interact hidden, but there are also collectible ""orbs"" which (as far as I can tell) only earn you an achievement if you bother to collect them, in addition to diary pages which flesh out the mythology behind the fantastical creatures you encounter. The player is thus rewarded for carefully inspecting each landscape and interacting with everything. Overall, I found the puzzles to be pretty reasonable, though there are some needlessly repeated actions in a few cases.Similarly to Journey of a Roach, the game does not include actual spoken dialogue (the words spoken are gibberish), but instead relies on pictographs to convey meaning. Mostly, this works pretty well, but in a couple of cases I found it hard to decipher the meaning of the pictograph, until I had inadvertently stumbled upon part of the solution to the puzzle at hand.However, that leads me to the issues I have with this game, the main issue being the control scheme. Actions typically involve either clicking on stuff (which works well), or dragging items from the inventory or from one place to another on the current screen. Unfortunately, it can be rather difficult to drag stuff, and I even had difficulty with something as simple as dragging items out of my inventory. This was a constant source of frustration, and the only positive I can say with regards to this control-scheme, is that the game will tell you when you have to interact with an object by dragging it.Secondly, the game is rather buggy at this point, with one patch just released. Several times, Violett would be stuck in a ""can't do that"" animation loop, and I was forced to quit to the main menu and resume the game to continue. Even worse, one puzzle forced me to repeatedly reload, so that it would reset to a state where I could exit it from my current position (the elevator puzzle). Similarly, I could not interact with a couple of items (plant-bulbs), even though I had obtained the prerequisites to do so, and missed a couple of diary pages due to this.Thirdly, the actual plot is very sparse (due in part to the lack of dialogue), and the ending came as a bit of a surprise.However, if you are willing to put up with these issues, then I'll gladly recommend trying out Violett."
76561198114107871,Recommended,257830,13058347,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Avian,"Generic, but enjoyable mix of Alice in Wonderland and Coraline. Quite decent amount of gameplay that reminds of old point-and-click adventures. As usual, some puzzles don't make sense, but it's easy enough to solve them with some luck. User interface made for touch screens can be annoying at times when playing with a mouse."
76561198085448169,Recommended,257830,17014008,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Meownaa,Although I did not like the characters and story much in the beginning the beautiful artwork and soundtrack created a captivating atmosphere that hooked me to this game.I would absolutely recommend it.(But play it in english.)
76561197971195979,Recommended,257830,8073637,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Glyph,"Violett is a game that makes you think. It is light on the story, but features some really interesting and beautiful environments. None of the puzzles are alike, although you begin to learn the logic behind the puzzle makers as you play through. Each room is a puzzle to be solved. Outside of a few rare cases, you shouldn't have to leave your current room for other items in order to solve the puzzles there. In the few cases when you do, the faries are asking for something that you know you can't find in your current room. On the downside, the game is quite buggy. I've been lucky that I only had a game stopping bug once. I was able to play through the rest of the game without too many issues. Most people are advising you make a new save for each new room you enter on the off chance you bug out. The developers are listening and have been patching to resolve some of these issues. Try everything. Some of the puzzle solutions are not obvious and take quite a bit of work to get there."
,Recommended,257830,8043437,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,DailyPWN,"This is a fun game. It mixes elements of Alice in Wonderland with other indie games like the Tiny Bang Theory. I really like this one, though you certainly have to have your wits about you to get anywhere. The puzzle solutions aren't particularly easy to figure out."
76561198009075174,Recommended,257830,27070799,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Smok_Wawelski,"ENG (PL - poniżej)One of the most underestimated games. Good gameplay, very good music, and very nice graphics. With quite good story brings very special climate. There are two things I do not like: last fight and some weird puzzles. Total score: 7/10.PLJedna z bardziej niedocenianych gier. Dobra grywalność, bardzo dobra muzyka i miła dla oka grafika, świetnie pasujące do historii. Sama historia nienajgorsza. Wszystko razem buduje specyficzny klimat tej gry. Dwie rzeczy, które mi nie pasują: ostatnia walka i niektóre przegięte zagadki. Jak dla mnie 7/10."
,Recommended,257830,8037157,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Synthestitch,"Very good puzzle game, if you have half of a mind or more. It does require you to think outside of the box."
,Recommended,257830,8292885,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,jenag@res,Fun game :)
76561198026130827,Recommended,257830,8142022,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,me_deniro,"Nice pretty game. Sometimes the puzzle isn't quite obvious, but maybe it's a good thing.The drawback is that some ""stuff"" seemed to be base on ""trial and error"" method instead of logic and you consume a lot of nerves and time.Although, it's a nice game, like I said before. I finished it in three days, but I was rushing it a little bit :)"
,Recommended,257830,8313413,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sarcast,A really fun but challenging Point'n'Click Adventure. Graphics and Setting somehow reminds me of Alice's Wonderland and is really awesome!Had a lot of fun playing this one.
,Recommended,257830,8159819,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Atoli,I love the game as the levels remind me of the littles cartoon from when I was growing up.  The puzzles are fun and can be a bit of a challenge at times.  The music is nice as well.  I do wish they would add a way to restart the room for it as that would help as I can loose myself in some of the puzzles and forget what I was doing in the room.  I do love this game and the art just puts me in day dream land.
,Recommended,257830,14012628,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,wenmatic,"if you like point and click games, add this to your game collection. game is 6-7 hours long using a walkthrough.  if you are going for 100% completion, use a guide - there's a lot of hidden items in the game which makes up most of the achievements.  i did encounter some bugs but after exiting the room it is back to normal."
76561198020397002,Not Recommended,257830,8069984,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,riao,"Seems like a great point-and-click adventure, however the bugs keep me from really enjoying it.There are points in the game where it is possible to get stuck without the ability to go anywhere which wouldn't be so bad if there was a ""restart level"" or ""reset room"" option. As it stands if you hit one of these glitches there 's no option but to start the game over and race through to the point where the game gliched out, remember what caused it and avoid doing whatever that was.For now I'm going to wait a few months and start over. Hopefully the bugs will be ironed out by then. I couldn't recommend this game as it is right now, however."
,Recommended,257830,22522088,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,lifelover,"""Violett"" is pretty good - for it's character, locations, puzzles, atmosphere (watch it on youtube if you are not sure). It's really cute and funny, and, what's important - you always have an ability to use hints, so the hardest puzzles can not ruin your enjoyment if you are not a hardcore player.I hadn't completed it yet, but the only bad thing about the game - is that it's remaster is much more buggy than original version, and, also, remaster don't work on my main PC on Windows XP, while the original do. Anyway, I bought it twice, so I can download older version from torrents, what I can suggest to you if you bought it and don't care much about cards, achivements and other playtime ruiners.Some can add to contras that it has some minor errors or illogical puzzles sometimes - but it still plays good. None of mentioned fatal bugs affected me in both remastered and original versions.UPD: Just finished. All the illogicallest puzzles looks really obvious on the second thought, after they've been completed. It's definetely worth playing. Sorry to see it lose it's cost so quickly and hope to see more games from dev team, especially - if they will be able to spend more time on game. This product still looks unfinished a little bit.P.S. Remaster package needs some cool artworks or wallpaper of the game - it could be a great addition c:"
76561198063193728,Recommended,257830,13953298,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sayanne,"Fun to play. Cartoony character and environment.I say go for it, it is fun, but wait for a sale.It is fun to play and find the hidden objects. The story is original.I loved the game at first but at some point it got frustrating.Its' down sides :- It is not always easy to figure out what to do or where to go.I had to use a lot of my hints to figure out what they wanted me to do.- You also have to find all the 3 color balls that are hidden in every nook ans cranny of every section, and it is important to get the most as possible, because you need them to beat the last boss.***I found that out at the beginning, because I accidentally clicked on one of them and then started to see them everywhere and decided to collect them, but had no idea why!- The explanation on how to defeat the boss is very vague and I didn't understand it, I had to go watch a walk-through to finally understand it."
,Recommended,257830,11932828,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Call of Duty - Kid,"Well, i bought it for 1,99€. (Offsale)Its made lovely, full of details.Looks fine, not that bad.Pros: Like i said;Visual-Engine, Characterpicking, QuestsContra: Puzzle and their SenseIts really frustrating to find the right way to do something.This game dont have a human kind of logic.Its worth to play through, but you will need a help , like a walkthrough-video.7/10"
,Recommended,257830,8975337,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Celdyrian,"Physics-based puzzles are a great addition to the old and proven point-and-click mechanics. The backgrounds are stunning and the soundtrack is hauntingly beautiful. There is some room for improvement, yet I hope Forever Entertainment has alreay planned more games like this."
,Recommended,257830,11916899,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Queerthan,"The artwork and animation in this game is absolutely gorgeous. It has such a unique style, combining 3D and 2D effects. Not to mention the nice musical accompaniment. As an artist, I couldn't help but love all the artistic elements and stylings.However, the gameplay itself is quite confusing. Visual hints are provided, making it a bit easier. But with no real explanation of what she is actually trying to do, it's hard to figure out what you must do. When one can interact with other chracters, the goal becomes much easier. Diary pages also give hints as to what must be done."
76561197992604515,Recommended,257830,12040309,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,darkknightrule,this game has nice graphics. the puzzles lol are puzzling. and the lanquage that they speaks take a while to get used to. I do like. but i have to take a break from time to time to try to understand the puzzle. the clues at times leave u clueless.
,Recommended,257830,14021067,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Markus,"Violett bridges the gap between classic point&click and the causal gaming 'busy picture' genre, and tries to make more use of touch functionality doing so.The art is fantastic, the story bits are funny and contain great humor. The character design is one really neat piece (I love that snails :D), and the fantasy-setting Violett finds herself in is a refreshing approach to the genre. There are one or two translation errors in the found diary pages, but since they are 'only' flavortext, this does not matter much.The puzzles are nicely tailored and make sense most of the time, but this is where my ranting starts.The logic of the riddles is not very consistant leaving the player to simply grab unreachable objects by magic in one case, and completely ignoring this ability in another, similar case. Also there are some timing-based riddles, where you need to hit the right spot at the right time. The Bossfight - just so much: collect as much of those 'orbs' as possible, you will need them.Especially the 'dynamic' puzzles and the 'swipe' mechanic might feel pretty alien to someone who is used to point and clicks, but I recon it a worthy experiment.All in all the game is not as frustrating as it seems to be, it's not too short… just a nice, and really sweet looking short story.It's absolutely charming, neatly drawn, and certainly worth your money if you like dream-like fantasy, insect kingdoms, 'shrunken characters', busy-picture games, magic, fairies, or just quirky non-mainstream art."
,Recommended,257830,31060901,Posted: 10 April,all,Onibi Onna,"I was rather disappointed when the game went from this charming art to this glitchy and rather unappealing animation, but I decided to go through with it in any case. The game is rather frustrating, but it was enjoyable enough, though I'd suggest buying it on saleThe story was simple with a whimsical charm, and it was really just an okay game, not great, just okayThe main thing I'd genuinely love to see changed is the endingthe ending fight with the queen is frustrating and annoying, I hated it the entire time and it took me a week to do because I kept having to stop and de-stress myself before trying again. It was the worst part of the game at a point where you need to leave a good impression on the player . I couldn't enjoy the ending sequence because I was just full of frustration towards this section"
,Recommended,257830,21055741,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,DragonsBayne,"If you like games that state the obvious such as you cannot use this item here or you need another part to complete this task, then this game is NOT for you. This game does not hold your hand.VO’s:There are no VO's so to speak. If you can akin their speech to ""SIM"" talk, that's what you get here. They kind of chitter or chirp you could say. The basic story is about a teenage girl who is defiant to her parents, doesn't listen, you know the usual. Her and her parents have moved to this old house and while her parent are fighting she goes up to her room. She finds something that shrinks her to insect size and is now on a quest to get back to her parents while along the way helping the friendly little bugs and insects that reside within the walls of the house and outside. If you help them then they will in turn help you.HINTS:There is a hint system, but not in the typical sense. This game does not use words to give hints but rather pictures. There is a circle in the bottom right hand corner of the screen that is quartered and numbered I, II, III, and IV. If you are unsure of what to do you can click on each section which gives you pictures of what to do next. Hovering over certain items will give you pictures as to what to do with that area. It's not easy as sometimes the clues don't always point out that you have to do something else in order to accomplish that task even when you use the hints in the bottom right.GRAPHICS:The graphics are cute. They are bright, charming and very imaginative. Makes you think of what it would actually be like if bugs did live like this.SOUNDS:The music and sounds are cute. It's not over bearing and doesn't drive you insane. Of course you can adjust it in options.GAMEPLAY:This is a point and click adventure. Shoes will show up if you can travel to a certain spot. A door shows up when you can travel to another area. A hand shows up if you want to move something, which you click and hold then drag to the desired spot, or if you can slide a door open for instance. A speech bubble, with pictures of what one wants, will show up over characters you can interact with. These are your quests. You have a backpack that is in the upper right hand corner of the screen where your collectibles and usable objects are stored. You hover the mouse over it and click and drag the object to where it needs to go. You collect little green, blue and celadon orbs, which I think help with upgrading your powers. You also collect diary entries on the different species that are in the game. In the beginning you get the telekinesis power from a fairy. This is something you will use quite often. Some areas require you to dress a certain way in order to continue on to the next area. It seems hard but once you get used to the gameplay, you start figuring out what makes sense for each area. I never used the hints. You just have to put some thought into it, even if it doesn’t make sense. These are bugs we’re talking about here.There is no choice for hard or easy that I saw. You can change the controls to touch or swipe. As an example, in the beginning you have to swing a cage back and forth and I found it easier to use the touch rather than swipe. I couldn’t get my mouse to swipe well. I recommend using a plug in mouse rather than the built in laptop mouse for this game. But to each their own.PUZZLES:The puzzles are pretty easy. In the beginning for example you have to swing a cage back and forth to hit another cage next to you to get your telekinesis power, then you use that power to move things around so that you can get free from the cage. In the next area you have to distract something in order to get past it. In other areas you have to find objects that will complete something that can help you move from one side to the other or you may have to move ladders in a certain way in order to climb something. In another puzzle you have to divert water a certain way in order to acquire an object to use for another part of the area. Once you understand the mechanics, the games starts going faster.OVERALL:This game is not for everyone. I loved it because it was different and I don’t like my hand being held. I liked the idea that they used pictures for what to do instead of words. I’m usually the type of person that doesn’t go with everyone else. So try it out first and this game may surprise you"
76561198025605107,Recommended,257830,8044153,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,[SNP]Rancor,"The main character - Violett, is rebelous girl with purple hair, who just moved to a new house. Out of her curicity she picked up magical amulet which changed her life in an instant. Now she has no idea where she is, or how to come back. Using telecinetic powers gained form creature named fairy, she has to do her best if she ever wishes to come back to normal life.But will she be ever able to return? Her fate is in your hands.Great Point and Click game, it's colorful, interesting, with nice athmosphere, and really hard at the same time.World is interesting and full of surprises, filled with numorous species, both good and bad ones.Solving each puzzle gives you ultimate sattisfacion, as none of them are easy.I greatly recommend this game, it's worth every penny I spent for it!'Also there are a few bugs, but developer support is at the highest level, and reporting bugs will result in quick patching."
76561198049154836,Recommended,257830,9790304,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,psolemnity,Fun Game!!!!
,Recommended,257830,12886589,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Portedbowl,"Great game. takes you away from this world for  couple of hours, and the alternate world is quite nice."
,Recommended,257830,8205532,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DarkMoS,"Violett is a pont & click adventure game with beautiful graphics and music. It's not story driven like most games in this genre, you have to discover what to do by wandering through the scenes and trying to solve the enigms.Unfortunately, developers are still ironing out some bugs and improving some enigms. I would thus give it a 6 or 7/10 waiting for the game to be fully polished."
,Recommended,257830,8328290,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rambo Kitty,love it! keeps you on your toes and makes you think hehe
76561198049003599,Recommended,257830,8440887,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,mdmmystique,"I thoroughly enjoyed the puzzle aspect of the game!  I did encounter some frustration and had to restart the game because I did a part of the puzzle before I was suppose to.  A key element of the puzzle disappeared that was to help me out.   It is a quick game you can do it in a day.  There are limited resources of walkthroughs or outside help but I did find one that helped a lot.  The hints mechanism to me really wasn't much of help and to move some items from side to side or up and down was at times hard to grasp and led to frustration levels sparking.    Take your time with this game, it is quite fun."
76561198025498613,Recommended,257830,8501653,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Raviv,"Annoying at first because of the lack of directions, but fun once you get the hang of it."
76561198030846452,Recommended,257830,8559833,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,maurakilgore,"Good puzzler/adventure game. I *like* that there aren't a ton of hints given; what's the point of the game if they're just gonna give it to you? Mechanics can be a little clunky at times, and there are some bugs, but the developers are working on them. I'd recommend it."
76561198087523467,Recommended,257830,8566358,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,nyycuh,"This is a decent point-and-click game. The artwork is beautiful and the soundtracks are good. The story is kind of bare though, and some of the puzzles are too vague for me to understand. Still, I enjoyed playing it."
,Recommended,257830,22376502,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Squirrrtle,"My only wish is that we would see a return of Violett, because this game was as fun as it was beautiful. The art is fun and whimsical and I really enjoyed the puzzles. They made me think without being overly frustrating. Outside of two minor bugs that were fixed quickly, this game was worth every penny. If there is another point and click made by the same devs, I need it."
76561198076600159,Recommended,257830,24192164,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mimikra,"Really interesting game with nice fairy tale graphics. I would describe it as  crossing over  of Coraline and Alice in Wonderland. Quite tricky puzzles, which can sometimes irritate but it would not be fun if game were too easy. In summary I would recommend."
,Not Recommended,257830,32108303,Posted: 1 June,all,Lionx Dagger,"this game is buggy as hell several times I had to exit and reenter cause of them, luckily most of them resets after load but unfortunately I got a bug in the sewers that broke the game the character don't want to move where it should and loading unfortunately place her in that buggy position.so that's where my playing ended I'm not playing again since I think I was like 90% in the game so ill pass those 10%it would be a positive review if not for the bugs, true some puzzles don't make sense, and it can be a little boring at times, but for 0.99e it was ok if O.F.C. you don't mind crashing near the end..."
76561198064289171,Recommended,257830,8077158,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Czapakabra,Heck yeah.
,Recommended,257830,8367160,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Thumbs Pls,"Really great point and click. I definitely recommend it. There are a few bugs that if you run into them, you have to restart but hopefully those will be fixed eventually.  Other than that, great game."
,Not Recommended,257830,12810412,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,vidtalent,"This game needs a lot of work. With multiple grammar issues in the diary pages, a lackluster storyline, unworkable controls, and several disruptive bugs, Violett is certainly a game that needs vast improvement. However, It shows potential and eventually can grow to the level of other memorable point-and-click adventure games. I would not recommend buying this game at the stage it is in right now, but in the future (after plenty of updates) this game could be a good experience. It's just not worth the money at this point in time."
,Not Recommended,257830,8035176,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Versine,"I've only played the first few screens, but this is already one of the most frustrating adventure games I've ever played. First, the puzzles so far make no sense. I understand that this is a dream world, but (spoiler alert) how does trapping a fly in a bottle mean that the giant teacup will stop shooting steam at me when I try to leave the room? Also, the controls are terrible. Most of the puzzles involve grabbing things onto things and moving them in different directions. This sounds great, except that the objects often do not react in expected ways, making it very frustrating to get the puzzles right even when you know exactly what to do. Finally, I've run into several annoying bugs that I fixed by saving and reloading my game.On the bright side, the sound track really is amazing. It might be worth the $7 alone."
,Recommended,257830,8037532,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Juarizer,"entretenido, muy creativo a la hora de resolver los puzzles, si te gustan los juegos point n' click tipo machinarium, y te gustan las peliculas de Coraline y Alicia en el pais de las maravillas, te va a encantar este juego"
,Recommended,257830,8171650,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Spankpaddle,This game is intense the sound track is amazing and if you like puzzle games this one will make you think
76561198025817574,Recommended,257830,8226778,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,trocko,"Stuningly colorful and full of vision and climate. Dificulty seems to be set on ""as hard as it gets"", so gameplay is quite satisfactory. Evolutionary step forth in development of point and click adventures. To make my point: GRAT GAME"
76561198123026522,Recommended,257830,10934006,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,nimbletheepope,Did Tim Burton direct this? No? Had me fooled. Amazingly bizarre!
,Recommended,257830,12478934,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Zee,"Best music I've heard in a while.Decent puzzles, amusing storyline... I liked it a lot.Controls decent except for possibly slightly clunky on the last fight until you figure them out. (Only fight in the game, anyways.)"
,Recommended,257830,8989180,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Discardedfate,"colorful game and i love the voices <3 although it sounds like gibberish, it sounded cute for me. The game music fits well and awesome to listen to. It's a point and click game. a little difficult but not impossible! must play the game if u have a chance to."
,Recommended,257830,10846810,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Evney,"Addictive, frustrating, and so worth the money."
,Not Recommended,257830,8110922,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Masterclow,"Even though it has great soundtrack, really great art and funny moments, the great quantity of bugs and sometimes the random solving of puzzles makes this game a little long to play. I'm even stock in one of those many bugs, waiting for a patch that let me continue. If you buy it, beware, so until they fix at least half of the problems, no, I don't recommend this game."
76561198012794395,Not Recommended,257830,8414546,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,grimbunny,"This game is too vague in the puzzles to be enjoyable. Which makes me sad, because the artwork looks amazing."
76561198110579493,Not Recommended,257830,8709255,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,blasl_2000,"This game runs poorly, mouse control is poor.  I would not recommend it.  Violett speaks a language I cannot translate.  Too frustrating to play.  How do I get it out of my library?"
76561198059830457,Recommended,257830,10322146,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Noodlesoup,Great game; love the art and creativity that went into this!
,Not Recommended,257830,8568870,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,goshgosh,♥♥♥♥ing excruciatingly tedious and nonsensical.
76561198063005208,Recommended,257830,10014127,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Clumsy Cookie,"I don't know why this game would get anything less than two thumbs up. A simple point and click indie game that keeps you exploring ""their"" beautiful and colourful world. I wish it had a little more than point and click as your way of getting around, but I was still pleased with it. It is definitely a great adventurous game."
76561198067716850,Not Recommended,257830,11234076,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,sanguinans,"I found this game a terrible disapointment. I bought the game based on the art, as I find the visual aspect of a game very important. However, that is just about the only positive element in the game. The storyline is very fuzzy and unclear. Which, in turn makes the process of gameplay seem pointless. The puzzles are very ilogical and I often don't know why the things I have done worked (or don't work for that matter). I think I would pass on the game, as I don't feel that the artwork makes up for the many faults."
,Not Recommended,257830,15663143,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Durango,The dem graphics just kills dem eyes
,Recommended,257830,20494635,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,😈 𝐇𝐨𝐯𝐚𝐜 😇,I totally loved this game its amazing ... never thought that i would enjoy it that much ... great job .... i recommend it to all gamers to try it out ... i have uploaded multiple videos of this game on my youtube channelCheck out my YouTube channel (Hovac One) & the Gameplay here is my Playlist enjoy:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjlzzNVV8FM&list=PL6SSkFqkg_mVRh1JA1KplGLk9VFEyiKiQ&index=7
,Not Recommended,257830,8804717,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Voidsword,"Not only is this game terribly translated, the control scheme is awful, several puzzles are simply nonsensical in their solutions, and at the end of the day when you've finally barreled through all that, the boss fight is so hair-wrenchingly aggravating and repetitive, that the only satisfaction achieved from having finished the game is that you never have to look at it or think about it ever again. A complete waste of time and money."
,Not Recommended,257830,10972174,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Myinah,"This game is very, very frustrating. I am a seasoned adventure game player. I dont mind hard puzzles as long as they are fair. This game has very badly designed puzzles. You have no idea what you are doing because the doodle instructions are vague and unclear, and disappear quickly from the screen when you are trying to deipher them. The game feels pointless and meandering. Puzzles are solved by luck and trial and error which defeats the purpose and ruins the fun in my book. I regret the purchase in spite of its pretty looks. It's rare for me to just give up on a puzzle game but this was just too boring and annoying."
76561198079333596,Not Recommended,257830,8568478,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,geekygirl09,"I bought this game because it looked like a gorgeous point and click adventure game that I could play when I wanted something that was a little more relaxed than some of my other games. What I got was 3 hours of frustration that got me no where.There is no direction. Occasionally little thought bubbles pop up to help you, but if you miss them they won't pop back up. If you get stuck too long there are supposed to be hints...but usually they were either completely unhelpful, or it was an action that you couldn't do just yet, or I'd miss it all together because if you're not paying attention you won't notice the faint sparkle that indicates your target. There are also sheets of with notes about some of the characters you seem to run into...but they fail to include any information on how to get past them.Then, when you finally think you've figured it out, the actions don't always work, or they require you just clicking repeatedly until they do what they should. I had only made it as far as the second room when attempting to control a buzzing fly drove me nearly insane with clicking.You collect little stones but have no idea why. There's a little animation that appears in the corner sometimes indicating I should move my mouse side to side? I think? But I have no idea why. I'm not sure if it's a hint or what. Having no idea why seemed to be the theme generally.On top of all this, the game was glitchy and had to be restarted a couple of times because all my actions froze, which I know was an issue with my friend playing as well.I love a good challenge, but randomly clicking all over a screen hoping something will happen is just frustrating and left me wanting my money back."
76561198018844115,Not Recommended,257830,8110994,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Roadkill Bunny,No explanation on how to do anything. Nor is there a good hints or anything to lead you to solve the puzzels. You end up clicking randomly on things until something happens that might help you. This game is less about thinking and more about random clicking.
76561197961551421,Not Recommended,257830,14302914,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Smell The Glove,"This game is Ok but due to klunky controls, buggy achievements, poor layout that has you spending way to much time walking around and some really unfairly bizarre puzzles I do not recommend.6/10"
,Not Recommended,257830,8795426,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Maximus,"Pros:1. Great art work.2. The Trading cards on offer are currently selling at a very high price on market.Cons:1. There is always lag when you click because of the character animations. So you cannot click twice or thrice quickly because the character animations need to complete after each click. This makes the whole experience a very frustrating one.2. There are many puzzles requiring quick clicking rather than intelligent solution. Combine it with the lag pointed above and you have the complete recipe for frustration.3. There are many instances when your click don't register because the click activation zone for an object doesn't match the artwork of the object itself. So if you have rod object, it has the same click activation zone as a balloon object. So clicking at one end of the rod object doesn't register a click.Verdict: 2/5 for me. Not recommended at current price."
76561198027355802,Not Recommended,257830,10135190,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,fairyhedgehog,"I was very disappointed. This is billed as a point and click game but it is a point and shake, point and drag, and point and shake then quickly click on another point before it's too late game. Even the walkthrough shows multiple attempts at an early part of the game because you need to move the mouse just so and to be very quick. If like me you're using a touchpad, that part is pretty much unplayable."
76561198025387122,Not Recommended,257830,11367170,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,mdorkus,"Violett has nice artwork and music. It is fun and challenging. There are a few puzzles where the lack of any dialogue makes it hard to understand what's going on, but it's mostly OK, and there are walkthroughs available anyway.Unfortunately, I ran into a bug 2/3 of the way through the game that made it unplayable-- whenever I load my save file the screen appears super ""zoomed in"" and I cannot play. From the forums it looks like at least 2 other people complained about this bug, on both Windows and Mac platforms. I was playing this game with my daughter and it is very disappointing for us that we have to stop 2/3 of the way through now. I hope the developers can fix this."
76561198084141890,Not Recommended,257830,11426033,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,qmagnet,"The game is beautiful. But the logic behind the puzzles"" is illogical.  Everything is difficult, simply because the solutions are so far from any classic point n click logic, that it's very frustrating.  For example, there is a puzzle which involves water and pipes.  Violett must activate valves to flow water.  But nowhere is there an indication where the source comes from to know which valve does what. Narrowing down what I thought would be the source pipe, turning valves in certain directions doesn't match with other combinations.  I had give in and use a guide.In a nutshell, this game is impossible without a walkthrough.Story progression is messy and lazy. Off the start, we have no idea why Violett is in her ""Wonderland"".  I almost thought I missed a cutscene.  Violett meets all these characters which have no personality, and somehow as the player, you're supposed to want to solve their convoluted problems. But you don't know why they want help or have any interest.  You just want to get the puzzle done to see more of the game.  Then there's the completely pointless hidden object mechanic.  You can locate hidden orbs throughout the game - which I'm sure do nothing except give you an achievement - no idea.Oh yes, there's the hint system.  The pathetic hint system - which is a puzzle itself trying to figure what the hand-drawn sketch mean exactly is more frustrating than rewarding.  And it's timed.  You'll find yourself clicking the hint button numerous times, just to get a long enough view of what the picture is supposed to represent.Such a promising notion - a game with gorgeous visuals and abysmal logic design.  As a fan of Monkey Island, Torrin's Passage, King's Quest, Grim Fandango, Toonstruck, Day of the Tentacle, etc, Violett simply sucks.The major basic reason Violett fails as a game, is that you puzzles are neither interesting or rewarding. You just want to see get them over with to ""see"" more of the game.I couldn't finish the game.  Sadly, this game has multiple bugs.  I came to a part called ""Clock Tree"" or ""Tree Clock"", I can't remember. But the game broke.  Violett is supposed to get 3 corks from a black ant.  But the ant and cork have disappeared from the game.  Numerous people have reported this same glitch, and supposedly a game patch came out before I purchased the game to fix this.  Well, it's still broken.  And since the game uses auto-save, apparently the only fix for me to restart the game.  Well, that's not going to happen.  I hope this review helps you avoid this broken game."
76561198023495548,Not Recommended,257830,12882630,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Godnarok,"It's very pretty and has potential, but should not have been released yet.  Game breaking bugs.  I got to a puzzle in a room/cave with an old turtle where what looks like a 4 level combination lock built into a stalagmite; that you are clearly supposed to turn in a certain combination to line up the gold squares, except it would not let me turn it left at all.  The in game clues clearly show it turns both ways, and after even looking at youtube walkthroughs to prove I wasn't crazy, and trying for almost an hour to no avail, the dials only turned right no what combination of eldritch mouse movements, clicks, and curses I tried.  So that was game over for me.   Hella LAME.A shame tho, I was really getting into it.Otherwise, the controls needed work.  Too much ""mouse icon overlap""Whatever, I'm too butthurt about the bug that ended it for me to give a fair review anyway"
,Not Recommended,257830,18496807,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,No Ketchup,"You can play it , If u wanna play bad game."
,Not Recommended,257830,18536353,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,FrozenFish37,"Very confusing, I don't like it.2/10"
76561197972613910,Recommended,257830,15943880,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,garrett,"I haven't got far but so far I really like what I see, and hear. This game has a great sound track."
,Not Recommended,257830,13913005,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Momentai,"One forgottable adventure. Not bad at all, strange, unique, nice-looking, musics are charming, but the whole of it is... empty. No storyline, hard puzzles... and suddenly a boss fight in the end, instant and deadly, after a magical wandering this... just why. Oh, and if you didn't made your time to find A LOT OF hidden pearls, you will be probably die before you can do anything. 5/10"
76561198048891883,Not Recommended,257830,12988597,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,ddobson,"The clue system is ok, but leaves a little bit to hunt and peck to find solutions.  But my bigest frustration is the end, I cannot changes levels and the response mode does not work well.  Even when you hit the guy, you don't seem to do any damage.  Because of the ending, low marks."
,Not Recommended,257830,11020343,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,theotherwinchester,"I bought this while it was on sale and I am very glad that I didn't pay full price. I wanted the game mainly just because it is colorful and I like the art style, but it's turned out to be more frustrating than anything. I know I'm going to have to use the walkthroughs through this whole thing because it seems like just as I'm figureing somethnig out, I mess it up."
,Not Recommended,257830,10985298,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DarthPuffball,"Don't let the red thumb discourage you, I really enjoyed this game.-The art styles are amazing, except for Violett herself, which leads me to believe that they threw her in a point-and-click-adventure game that they were already working on. Seriously, her walk animation looks really silly on some of the paths that they make her take. This is also shown by orbs that are hidden in each scene that don't give the ""clickable"" mouse when you hover over them, which is the general basis of their replayability: to find all these orbs.-The music is also well done; it had quite the catchy main theme and enough tracks to have a different song for each area.-The puzzles not making any sense actually makes sense in the context of the game, as you are a young girl lost in a fantacy world where things really shouldn't make sense. This however, like stated by many of these other reviews, does not create a healthy game environment as a lot of the time you are just clicking objects randomly until the pieces start to ""fit"" together. To be honest, I only flew right through the first puzzle only because I watched a gameplay demo before playing, however, I was quite tied up on the next room and it took me nearly an hour to figure it out. The only reason I didn't stop there is because I'm a little biased towards it for its resemblence of Coraline, which I absolutely loved.-The thing I hated most about this game was the minimalistic gameplay, which is expected in a point-and-click adventure game, but this one was even more so. There were only a handful of mini-game puzzles and a couple times where you were timed on your actions, but outside of that, a lot of the time it's just you watching Cor... Violett walk across the screen to where you clicked only to watch her shake her head in shame. But even this didn't come close to how frustrating the end was. It looked like they had created an entire mini-game based around you actually fighting the main antagonist in the game (which really can't be called that because you don't really know it's the antagonist unless you read the flavor-text diary pages) but cut it out last minute and decided to turn it into a ""cutscene"" by having (spoiler) Violett defeat it in ONE throw of a fireball. JUST ONE ATTACK DEFEATS IT, AND YOU DIDN'T EVEN GET TO DO IT! It was the biggest let down I have ever experienced in a game before, the devs laughing like, ""oh you wanted to do this? Too bad!"". I'm probably exagurating this too much, as they probably just didn't have the time/will to script the battle scene, which is sad because it looked really fun.-I didn't run into any glitches that the other reviewers mention, however, there was a point where it seemed like it when she was on a ladder. Other than that, the game ran through it's scenes pretty well.TL;DR: Great art, seems like it was supposed to be a different game, terrible ending, hard to get into, great for any Coraline/Alice in Wonderland fan if they're persistant."
76561198091606400,Not Recommended,257830,29123561,Posted: 8 January,all,DanyMath,I did not enjoy playing this game. I felt the puzzles were very poorly thought and the graphics were low quality.
,Not Recommended,257830,18224252,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Konoko,"As you can tell, I didn't get that far.Game just didn't grab me.I like point n click games, this is just one of them that I don't like. This game just makes me want to play Monkey Island again.It's... not even a BAD game. It's just not one I foresee myself ever playing ever again. I looked at the game, and the graphics weren't nearly charming enough to make me keep playing. That's what happened. I had no fun, I clicked things, nothing interesting happened.Maybe one day I'll actually play it all the way through. For now I'm rating it down, because I was expecting to be thrilled by a fascinating new universe - instead I feel disappointed. I was promised a gorgeous world.Some people have mentioned it was made for mobile devices. If so I absolutely see what's wrong: there's nothing for me to gawk at.Bastion was a bright and vibrant game too, with graphics I found far more charming. And that was completely 2D. That's what Violett should have been in the first place: entirely 2D with entirely hand-drawn animations and art. The guys who made this game seem to pride themselves on that, so lets see some more of it. 3D models that look this poor are just unappealing to look at.I'm not whining about the quality of graphics. I'm not saying it needs to be in Unreal Engine 4 with godrays and cel-shading. I'm not saying everything needs to be a 300,000 polygon model with 4096x4096 textures or anything. I just wish that they'd stuck with one thing. Stretched out on my desktop, this game just doesn't look good.Monkey Island still looks good, it's charming, funny, and has voice acting on every character, leading the world to feel far more alive than it would otherwise - for instance, in Violett.Maybe this genre should stay dead."
,Recommended,257830,13984676,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,brazilianmafioso,"I bought this game on a whim because it was on sale, and I'm glad I did. I had not played point-and-click games in a long time, and this was a pretty good re-introduction to the genre, for me at least. There's some awesome environments, and the interactions are pretty cool, even without words, and in fact, the words are some squeaky gibberish that almost makes it seem like more of a fantasy, which is weirdly cool. The puzzles can also be challenging, but the game lets you buy hints, which is a plus for those who are and aren't good at puzzles. So yeah, I think this game is good."
,Recommended,257830,19241466,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"Interesting, somewhat surreal, puzzle adventure game."
,Recommended,257830,20389738,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Koharu,Amazing game9/10
,Not Recommended,257830,13029027,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,gLoOMy,"A very confusing games....It was hard for you to think of what to do without using the Hints and the hints were also limited,somehow.But when you kind of knowing what were you trying to do at the first places then is when you realise the puzzles is there and its somehow clever.The game would not give you any clue what you surpose to do even from the starts (which you got cages by the Spider Queen while its doing some experimens) and its somehow want you to think of it by yourself what you need to do.Somehow its fun though and quite okay for an adventure puzzle games.If you want complexs puzzle games,then the games great but if not its still okay."
,Not Recommended,257830,13096951,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Wight,"Graphics are fairly pretty and interesting... but no story or even much of a theme.   Little too much of a hidden object focus for my liking and some of the puzzles didn't seem to make sense.   Ditches the point-and-click adventure gameplay for action adventure at the last moment, which was a strange choice (especially because the controls are clunky)."
,Not Recommended,257830,11519050,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Zhilo,"It is unfortunate, but this game looks much better on the store than in actual movement.While the scenery and character design are first rate, 3d modeling and animation leaves plenty to be desired, perhaps the developers should have tried doing the entire thing in 2d since their ilustrator were clearly very talented.The biggest problem this game has is the lack of narrative. While I can apreciate their attempt to tell a story with no actual dialogue, they werent thorough enough to give me any idea what the hell was going on after the game's intro. I was unable to understand Violett as a character or feel any sort of empathy for her.In the beggining of the game, it was pretty much impossible to get trough the puzzles without hints, as the first few ""rooms"" you are presented with make no sense whatsoever, it's like trying to logic your way out of a fever dream.Also, navigating an Escher maze to get trough the first 4 or so rooms? HATED IT SO MUCH MY BLOOD BOILS AT THE MEMORY.So, uh, no, if you are a fan of pont and click adventures, look elsewere. This is a great graphical piece anchored down by terrible writting and design."
,Not Recommended,257830,11567769,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,KiwiSalad,"Violett is a point and click adventure game. It's story is told through your actions as violett, and the game's imagery(mostly without words, the diary pages being the exception). This is a really cool concept, letting the player discover the story through the gameplay and not the other way around. However even with the games very pleasant artwork, and smooth animations The game struggles.The puzzles are very unintuitive, and the game carries very little direction for the player to follow. Most of the time spent in the game is wandering aimlessly around trying to figure out what to do next. A puzzle's hardness should not be defined by it's lack of clarity, in an attempt to elongate game time. Most point and click games have some amount of vagueness to them, but this one kind of takes it to a new level. There is a pretty generous hint system in the game, but you shouldn't NEED that hint system to progress.Other than walking around and solving some puzzles you have the ability to collect colored orbs, which is less optional then the game lets on. These little orbs are power for your abilities that you will need to fight the final boss. So if you spent the game ignoring them and ou get to the end, you'll find yourself having to do a lot of backtracking to tediously comb over completed areas. It can be a bit fun looking for the little trap doors, or moving objects to find them, but several of them are behind immovable scenery and are effectively invisible. Meaning unless you get lucky clicking around, or pick up a guide you won't find them. There is also no real way to know if you've found all the orbs in one area, making the whole thing a bit difficult for no real reason.My last big gripe against the game are the glitches. The controls aren't great, so sometimes you end up getting stuck in one spot and are unable to leave that spot (I got stuck in the library next to the weather book, and a few other places where my icons just dissapeared, looking for orbs).I immediately went to quit the game without realizing that even though I had saved in another slot, it would continue to auto save over my manual save, leaving me trapped on the book case unable to do anything. I had to start over. It was partially my fault for not being more careful, but if you're going to force players to re-search areas having glitches like that are pretty annoying.On the positive side I found the art very pleasing, And the diary pages' snippets of inhabitant lore very cool. Those two elements very clearly had a lot of hard work and love put into them.Overall, I don't recommend the game, because pretty art, and tidbits of interesting lore don't make up for the gameplay it lacked.TLDR;Pros: nice artwork, some cool world lore.Cons: unintuitive puzzles and gameplay, lots of wandering around aimlessly, Hard-to-find-for-no-reason orbs, lots of backtracking to pad the game, glitches that may cause you to restart entirely."
76561198026212012,Not Recommended,257830,11943703,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Michu,Nice music. but:Game freezes at some points.Some puzzles make no sense and are frustratingToo linearNot much to do but point and click and backtrack and point and click...
,Recommended,257830,35073795,Posted: 19 September,all,Heroin™ |,h
,Not Recommended,257830,18243660,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Charlie,"You will love Violett if you enjoy having no indication of what is going on at all times. If you like that, than by all means have at it. Personally, I get enough of that in my day-to-day life.When the game indicates what you should be doing (or where the puzzle even begins) it is so subtle that I don’t realize it until I’ve accidentally triggered the next step of the puzzle, e.g. “Oh! That’s why it’s a mouse and cat!”If the game developers implemented a little bit of character dialog to shed light on why actions don’t work, a tad more plot to explain the fantastic scenes, and more indication in the game mechanics on what is actionable (for example, it’s unclear what you need to drag backpack items to), I think it would be great! The puzzles are original and the art is lovely.Maybe I’m just too much of a dunce for Violett."
,Not Recommended,257830,13513521,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,joescore,"not even worth discount price, want my money back :сboring gameplay, rather badly in execution"
,Not Recommended,257830,20122442,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Soulless,"This would be a bit hard to review since I don't usually make bad reviews but i'll sort of give this a rather neutral vote, not so much of a bad vote.The good thing is that the graphics are quite decent and the soundtrack is rather nice but that is really how far it goes sadly.The games storyline is rather confusing and the puzzles do not make sense at all, I had to use a walkthrough to play this game and yet I still couldn't figure out why I had to 'do this to get that' because it didn't even make sense..Buying this game, I feel rather regretful but I believe there's been new updates so my review should not be that accurate, I suggest buying this when it's on sale like maybe a 75% sale or something."
76561198055531472,Not Recommended,257830,8498697,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SugaRogue,"Violett, while I like the idea, and it has a basic wonderland everything has gone mad vibe to it. I liked the art (except the noses in the cut-scene but I got over it), the normal game art was beautiful. I tried so hard to like it, I really did, but it left me bored and wanting it to end. I didn't care if Violett saw her parents again, or if she even made it out of there. I just wanted to stop all of the tediously boring 'puzzles' if you can even call them that. It's a very vague game that gives you no direction. If your not lucky you'll have to do even more mind numbing, slow, backtracking just to get things done, and are lucky if you know what you're doing before doing it. It has an unspoken, glimpse of a story that's easy to forget in the chaos, no dialog which would of helped instead of nonsensical noises with vague thought bubbles. It's a point and click that I hope I'll never click again. In my view, only play if you have nothing good to do or play and only buy when it's on sale and there's some money burning a hole in your pocket. Before you think maybe I just haven't played a point and click before, I have, I loved Deponia, but this is a magicarp using splash in comparison. I'm being a little bitter sweet here, but it just was a heavy, time consuming disappointment for me."
76561198025152136,Not Recommended,257830,10809560,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,VonScript,"As far as puzzle games go, this wasn't the best I've played. The 3D models don't match the background nor do they interact well. There are a few visual glitches as well. I'm not certain I like the mumble talk and the diary pages have spelling mistakes. There isn't much of a story which is a shame and it is rather short. This game has a lot of potential but it is lacking. The music is beautiful, the backgrounds are fantastic, the puzzles are straightforward, and although I did enjoy playing Violett, I cannot bring myself to recommend it. It's good but it needs more."
76561197999202472,Not Recommended,257830,10861203,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kingpotato,"Overly complicated with touchy controls (Like swinging the cage right at the start). Its the basic premise to the vast amount of the content within the game, its less logical steps and more click everything until you can find how to advance.I went in expecting something better and ended up dissapointed, the person I bought it for liked it even less."
,Not Recommended,257830,11915741,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Fang McGee,"Awful, incomprehensible game. And that ""huh!"" sound she makes when she can't do something gets old really, really fast."
,Not Recommended,257830,10706215,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sweet JP,Игра♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ - не качайте пацаны!!
,Recommended,257830,8796901,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Naraichi,"This game seems a little buggy to me.  The art work is beautiful, at least the backgrounds.  It's a shame that the controls are a little weak and Violett's animation is clunky.  Beautiful art.  Okay gameplay"
76561198048093035,Not Recommended,257830,8124620,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Sinai,"While the concept of this game is interesting, the gameplay is not.  It is a point-and-click adventure with no direction whatsoever.  And by this, I'm not talking about hand-holding - I still have no idea what I am supposed to be doing in this game, and very little idea on how to actually do it.  There seems to be no rhyme or reason as to what you are able to interact with and what you are not, which would be okay if it weren't for the several second delay after trying to interact with something you aren't able to interact with.  Overall, I would not reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,257830,8404640,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Knight Breeze,"It's ok, engaging and the puzzles can be clever, but it is far too short, the character models don't look right for the gourgeous backgrounds, and the final boss fight is religated to a cut scene.Maybe if it had about 15 more hours of gameplay and an actual boss fight I could recommend this game, but as is I have to say no."
,Recommended,257830,14803009,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Boltte,Interesting puzzle game.
76561198123555083,Not Recommended,257830,9783935,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,zcherryz,"I only played this for 30 mins and already didn't like the style of the game. Theres not much point to this game. No storyline at all except for the beginning opening scene. DO NOT purchase if u like adventure games with indepth and rich character development + stories, this is not the game for you.Illustrations are nice but im just not a fan of 3D modelling artworks so didn't really enjoy it very much. But the lack of storyline and point to this game just really turned me off. The controls of the game is weird cause violett can use her telepathic skills on some objects but not others when its just next to it. The puzzles do not make sense, so i was just guessing everything, touching every object to see if it works or not. i just dont like puzzle games that dont make sense.oh and also, violett's ""AHH"" sound is just annoying, she makes that sound whenever you touch an object that you cant interact with.Overall, the theme of entering a magical world with magical creatures is interesting, but the controls, weird puzzles and lack of storyline killed it for me."
76561198078506649,Not Recommended,257830,12929396,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Maydenstar,I can't even play this game 'cause there are missing parts in the begining! Like the lightbulbs and the diary....I can only touch the cage nothing more....
,Not Recommended,257830,12996652,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,pfmann,"Pros: You can wander through beautiful, a bit grotesque world filled with interesting creatures.Music is quite impressive.Cons: Puzzles are very unintuitive and have poor logic. You can hardly guess the solution.Interface is clunky and inconvenient."
76561198105667859,Not Recommended,257830,17003163,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,NinjaG1rl,"This game has never worked not once, will i get a refund... Nope! doesn't matter how many times i delete and reinstall it still... nothing can't stand ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that sell defective products that do NOT work out of the box."
76561198036239951,Not Recommended,257830,8046360,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,mandarin,"It's a fantasy world so the puzzles are somewhat strange, and that's ok. They're not terribly difficult either, but the controls makes the game frustrating to play. I can see the solution to a puzzle, but I cannot solve it because the controls prevents me."
,Not Recommended,257830,8662993,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,BarbieQ＞售双子星&冠军衣,"i love this game'style, very cute and colorful, but, dont ask me is funny or not,Unmotivated its my feeling ,i even dont know what i should do..if game developers can add some useful tips when u playing , i think will be better than now ~! 9.99 only worth on Color.,, :("
,Not Recommended,257830,13249828,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dodecadumpling,Remastered My♥♥♥♥♥....
,Not Recommended,257830,13659249,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,The girl with the Torment Tattoo,Very amateurish but it does have nice art. I can't recommend though. It just doesn't grab me.
,Not Recommended,257830,18540896,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,无名小卒,You cannot play this game properly without game controller
76561198038552111,Recommended,257830,22126580,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Phruler,Good game
,Recommended,257830,24003681,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cypher,Cute puzzle game. Great soundtrack.
76561198034312185,Not Recommended,257830,8674182,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,tetragami,"There's no plot, and the puzzles are not intuitive. It's all frustration and no entertainment."
76561198173457771,Recommended,257830,25488351,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,moon2stars,"This game may be ok for someone else but not me. I couldn't get into it.  I didn't know what to do and the hint button wasn't much help on some screens.  If you can get this on sale, give it a try."
76561198019193223,Not Recommended,257830,13176126,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Galadhatan,"Less than an hour in. The poor animation at the beginning establishes a very basic plot that really does nothing to establish the game's narrative. Why does Violett have to go to some old house? She finds a necklace, but then is in some fairy prison? It didn't take me long to decide that I didn't even really like her very much, and the ""dialogue"" screeches (in the style of Link) were irritating.As far as gameplay, I'm not a fan of point-and-click, so that certainly affects my experience with the game, but even so these puzzles seemed particularly unintuitive. You have to capture the fly instead of just taking the cork and stopping up the kettle's spout? The little wooden cat and mouse leave the screen to return with a matchstick, but not the wooden dogs? So the Jawsome Beaver hates soap, so why aren't I looking for some soap instead of a raft (that he ends up eating anyway)? Alice's Wonderland had a wonderful logic to it (a caucus race is good exercise: to dry off, try a good dry lecture): this doesn't. I don't have the patience to click all over the screen, anyway. Graphics are nice but not memorable (not in the way Trine is, or Papo y Yo). No thanks, I'll pass. 4/10."
76561198001524903,Not Recommended,257830,23401653,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,GiftingPhoenix,"I regret using the coupon to buy this buggy ""game""Even ignoring the crashes or missing items, the entire game consists of you just clicking obvious items that you'll probably need, figuring out for the most part easy puzzles or finding an item that doesn't seem to be where it should be.One of the worse point and click games on the market, which in general is an extremely boring genre to begin with.Absolute garbage, I hope people read these before thinking it's a good deal with the coupon."
76561197998975393,Not Recommended,257830,23494164,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,aaronwells,"Kind of a neat story and setting, but the interface is too buggy and the puzzles too wtf-y."
,Not Recommended,257830,15133766,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Hervey,this game is
76561198001251929,Not Recommended,257830,12472352,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,KasperKyd,Boring
76561197993270139,Recommended,257830,17197059,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,SilverBlade,"Fun adventure game. Some of the puzzles are a little over the top, but the built-in hint system (click the question mark wheel in the bottom right corner) will get you through most problems."
76561198069877806,Not Recommended,257830,16588116,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ur Game Buddy,"Plus for Polish team (sense of patriotism :) ) and for colourful graphics. Apart from that there isn't much to tell about this game. It's short, lacks flow of movement in certain moments, annoying controls (bad port from tablets, maybe?) and quite short with unimaginative riddles (mainly about click here or there). The story is way too simple and uninteresting.All in all, buy it only for a day of fun and cheaply. Polish team, still a few things to be learned in games production ;-)"
76561198161578733,Recommended,257830,12915377,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,nyaura,I have played enough time to see that it is a wonderful game.... but with a very poor spanish translation.
,Recommended,257830,18807319,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,mechatotoro_cr,"I really like this game's art.  The playability is, for my taste satisfactory.  Some puzzles can be difficult, but the clue system helps one find the solution without giving all the information away.I recommend it."
76561198062081814,Recommended,257830,18177987,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,[ICEMAN]~[G-UNIT],FUN!
,Not Recommended,257830,14085339,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Quinzark,"For my First Review of 2015, the first game I've passed in 2015: ViolettViolett is a very pretty game. The Backgrounds are lovely, colourful & have an Alice in Wonderland meets Honey I shrunk the kids sort of charm. It is a point and click adventure with a cute story waiting to get out.Unfortunately the story never really does get out. There is little narrative in any form of presentation, verbal or non verbal and even less direction. The titular young girl has some telekinetic powers which seem to be limited to the very specific items the creators did not feel like animating while other times you can practically reach an item you need but have to float a ladder over to it to climb up and retrieve it. Where are her mind powers there?The other abilities are only used to bypass a couple of road-block hazards which themselves are only blocking collection items. One of these skills is a floating power, kind of a limited flight, which is only used in maybe three instances and yet in the many other situations where it would be a big help in reaching some place it is somehow imposable for her to use.If this had been part platformer these abilities would have been a lot of fun to play with but as it stands they seem to be just tacked on to again cut down on animation.That said I, having studied animation myself, understand how much time and tedium can be involved in seeming simple motions so I do not blame the creators for that trick.Pros : Easy to pick up and playPretty to look atOften available for next to nothing.Cons: Like a lot of point and click games, the puzzles are less about intellect and more about noticing what piece of the background is a different shade or makes the arrow become a hand.Little story development.A lot of very slow moving to and from-ing.Pick it up on sale if you like point and click, don't if you don't"
,Not Recommended,257830,16485561,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,LadyColie,One of the most beautiful but boring games I have ever played. Not worth it. But I applaud the artists.
76561198011695551,Not Recommended,257830,10322764,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Pigro,I found this game illogical and not enjoyable
,Recommended,257830,14039655,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rowlaz,I don't like point & Click games but this one was really fun to play for me.
76561198114656890,Recommended,257830,13686279,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,icanfolkunger,"I don't even understand why people are complaining. My 9-year old son and I played this through. It has a lot of charming rooms and if you just give it some time, the answers will come to you. I truly loved this game and I was sad when it ended. Also, the characters are wonderful, like an alternative Wonderland. Thumbs up !"
,Not Recommended,257830,16153179,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,HimeJezabel,"Well. The game's art is great and so is the music. For some reason the main character is the worst looking thing in the game.Violett moves to a spooky house in the country with her parents. She seems unhappy about it. In her room she discovers a magical amulet in a mouse hole. This takes her to a magical world of fairies and bugs. Think Coraline with a lighter tone and more colours.This game is incredibly frustrating in many ways. Some times it's hard to know where you can walk because of the layout of the map. Some times this is solved by the creators by putting an arrow in the landscape, so I guess they realised their error and fixed it an easy way. The clickables sometimes changes the mousecursor to an 'available action' hand, some times not.As a completelist I haven't been this frustrated about collectibles since as long as I can remember. The orbs are sometimes easy to spot, some times can only been seen from certain angles, sometimes actually invisible. Some of the hidden places are the same way; some easy to spot some you will only see in a guide.If you miss the orbs or diary page in the first room, there is no way to go back and you'll have to start a new game if you want the completist achievements. There is also a bug that happens sometimes where Violett will get stuck for no reason and you'll have to exit and load game to fix it. As far as I can tell from internet searches and guides I collected all the diary pages needed for the achievement, yet I did not get it.The voiceacting. I don't mind gibberish-language games, but some of the voices in this game is just plain annoying. And ofcourse the one you'll hear the most, Violett, is the most annoying of them all. The sound Violett makes when she tells you she can't do whatever action you tried to make her do, is one of the most annoying sounds ever and you feel severely punished for not clicking everything perfectly. Add to this that it's impossible to turn off the sound effects; you can only turn it down to level 1/10. All of this makes it 100% necessary to use a guide at all times, which always makes the game less fun.Violett collects pages from her uncle's diary throughout the game, but nothing is told by the game of who the uncle is, how and why he was in the same world Violett discovered.I bought this on 85% off and suffered 10 hours of frustration as I didn't want it to drag down my achievement collection % and always hoping that the game would improve. Turns out I still can't complete everything. Not worth."
76561198027364206,Recommended,257830,8715003,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ikillomega,"If you are a fan of classic point-and-click adventure games, then Violett will satisfy.  It's a traditional game with a simple structure and puzzles that are challenging without being overly frustrating.  In an era of revitalizations of classic genres and reboots of the great titles of yesterday, Violett is a combination of modern art design, and genre-traditional gamepay.  The little touches in level design and the way the story is silently told make this another entry in the recent trend of games that has been creating artistic statement in the narrative by embedding the story in the gameplay.  Violett is a lovely new entry in a series of titles that are taking gaming into a new more artistically-mature direction alongside games like Limbo, Braid and, more recently, Gone Home and The Stanley Parable."
76561198105582041,Recommended,257830,18384388,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Demcia,This game is FUNTASTIC!
76561198062099898,Not Recommended,257830,19380511,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TwistedPower,"So I have to say that this game had everything it needed to be great! But it didn't follow through. There were some solid maps and puzzles but most of it was just nonsense. The logic in the puzzles for some of it was just not there and the ones that you could follow were too easy.NO FAST MOVE. I spent more time in this game walking then I did playing. Never fun.No Actual words in English. I am sure that if I understood the Spanish or French (not caring what it was) It would have been slightly better because the clues would have made more sense. BUT no. I don't care how lazy you are but subtitles when creatures talk would not only make things make sense but actually keep me from being bored. Sorry but there was no story here. There was a facade that wanted to be a story but really no.In the end, it was a ""this is tedious back and forth to the point where it takes no skill and isn't fun"". It is more trial and error than anything. Good thing I only paid 99 cents.  Not Recommended, if you want a real game try Broken Age. That was amazing and makes this look like trash.Positives (that the bad points ruined):Interesting dimentions to the 2d worldColorfull and RichMusic was orchistrated"
76561198070269642,Recommended,257830,19658585,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Signe88,"A great puzzle, at times quite difficult, but fun all the way."
76561197981107149,Recommended,257830,21267249,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ithamore,"This game seems to be more of a find-the-hidden-object game than a point-and-click. I don't feel like deleting the game from my existence, so I suppose a thumbs-up is in order."
,Not Recommended,257830,19416288,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,grox,"Nice artwork, thats all..."
76561197993722812,Recommended,257830,20362146,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,killer_bean,"This is a very good point and click adventure game.It is just hard and maybe somewhat too cryptic especially for younger players, in my opinion that is where all the negativity in other reviews come from.Puzzles a no more ""irrational"" or ""random"" or ""nonsensical"" than in any classic point and click adventure game that I have been played before, so do not believe any one who stating otherwise, also there are no actual dialogs which is clearly was done because of the budget restrictions so there is no point to criticize developers for this either."
,Not Recommended,257830,19607688,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,zaphodikus,"Sorry, but its a great concept, and probably like many others that are similar, a good way to while away a weekend. I liked the puzzles and was just getting the hang of the game, and concepts when... , the lack of some basic testing broke it.Crashed twice in 40 minutes - which was a pity, since the graphics look like they took a lot of effort, the mechanice however are flawed - the mouse cursor hitboxes need some work where i should get a hand or arrow at times, I get the ""walk"" cursor instead. I now feel like I wasted my pennies, and my time, so I'll stop right now and find another more stable game."
76561198054652914,Recommended,257830,29912468,Posted: 13 February,all,Murkg,"Cute little fairy-tale point-and-click with lots of character and atmosphere, plagued by lackluster design, time-wasting mechanics, and a few bugs. Definitely worth a playthrough for its charm and worth the 10 bucks for the soundtrack alone.[Story]In this game you play a disenfranchised teenage girl who gets shrunk down to bug size and teleported into a magical world ruled by an evil spider (although we only really have the game's word for it).[Puzzles/game design]The puzzles are pretty much self-contained in each room and most of them can be figured out with some logic. The ones that can't be figured out by logic can be either figured out with some patient trial-and-error, or by using the pretty well designed hint system. The puzzles are pretty straightforward and fairly simple, but they are more logical and less dumb than those of, for instance, Deponia, or Broken Age. There are some unnecessarily long animations and walking sequences that cannot be skipped and sometimes have to be repeated as part of a puzzle. This felt very much like padding and is the game's worst sin.[Bugs]The game is plagued by the occasional bug, for instance Violett sometimes simply won't enter a door you click on or interact with an object. This can be solved by a simple save and quit. I was able to play the game from beginning to end without much of a hitch, load-times are fast. I didn't mind it and since the game is clearly on an indy budget it can be forgiven.[Art design and atmosphere]The main appeal of this game is its charm. It feels like a somewhat dark fairy-tale with a good dose of humor. The art-pieces are very compelling, varied, and invoke a sense of wonder. It is well drawn and animated. The world is densely populated with a variety of cute and amusing creatures. For instance, there are a hookah smoking caterpillar and a tuxedo wearing cockroach. Throughout the world are strewn pages of ""uncle's bestiary"" which make for a compelling read and I found myself going out of my way to find and read them all, even though I usually don't have the patience to read anything, especially not when playing a game. Some puzzles feel a little like a Rube-Goldberg machine, adding to the charm.[Sound]The star of the show is the soundtrack, which is absolutely magical. The sound design (done by the composer of the music as well) is strong and really helps solidify the already charming atmosphere created by the visual art pieces and animations.[Bottom line]The game gets way more flack than it deserves. The puzzles are more logical and less mindless than those of the average point-and-click adventure. The bugs are obnoxious but not game-breaking as are the sometimes overlong animations. It has more charm and more refined humor than most point-and-clicks out there and you will be listening to the soundtrack non-stop for days. I might replay this game from the start just to take in the atmosphere again."
,Recommended,257830,33754620,Posted: 23 July,all,mysticmynstrel,I loved this game! I can't wait for the developers to make more point and click puzzle games like this.
