user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198065979638,Recommended,257970,12456071,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,verstehen,"Loren has the distinction of being the first game ever where I picked the male PC to use over a female PC for a first playthrough. As a woman gamer, this is really rare! But Loren presents two interesting backstories to choose from and those backstories really do influence how others treat your character and the dialogue options you have.So, to back up: this is basically a low-fi version of Dragon Age. It's heavily story driven, with several interesting characters, tons of dialogue and interaction, huge amounts of world-building, lots of really cool and diverse types of female characters, realistic conflict between characters, and Loren manages to do it all without BioWare's budget or AAA status. The character designs are really cool (Dora and Chambara are probably my favorites) and once I realized (about 5 hours into the game, whoops!) there was a ""fast combat"" option in the menu to speed things up, the classic turn-based combat made me fairly nostalic. My big complaint with the game would probably be the skill trees, partially because for strength-based (warriors) characters most of the skills were useless and for will (mages) and skill-based (thieves) the skills were often unbalanced and there's never a marker to tell you when/how you can gain certain skills (is it progression? A certain level of will? What? Why can I NEVER pick that skill?). It gets frustrating, particularly at higher levels, as the skill points you receive are minimal throughout the game.Regardless of my frustration with the skill trees (and by about hour 7 I just gave up and started auto-assigning), Loren's definitely one of the better RPGs I've played recently. I'm looking forward to the other playthroughs I intend to do to see alternate paths, romances, and endings."
76561198030194406,Not Recommended,257970,8758602,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Aronaar,"The game certainly has unique features, but is still very far from being excellent, although the beginning is promising. For once you do not play as the namesake of the game, but her servant - a ""lowly"" male by the Amazon's standard, or a female elf (both slaves), accompanying her to go rescue her mother. You make some choices about your past actions and here you go for your stats boost. And the whole thing is very verbose, as promised.Problem being that for a game mostly a visual novel (the RPG aspect is just there to flesh out a bit the adventure), the story is too standard. After rescuing Loren's mother, you learn that Evil lurks. And yes, once again, it's an Evil that was already vanquished in the past, but as everyone know, there's not a soul in the multiverse able to properly seal any evil being whatsoever. Fost, said Evil is uninteresting and cliché.Let's be honest, for the game's lenght, the background is detailed enough, but still... Too classic. Elves antagonizing humans, orcs, dwarves, dark elves, demons aplenty, lizardmen, etc., things we have seen a bijillion times before. And if there are some talks about tolerance and all that, do not expect much subtelty from the plot, neither originality. Gather all the nations, go to the Big Bad's lair, insert fights, slay said Big Bad, get the girl, the end.Now the dialogs are quite decent, and some characters are delightful, like the female dwarf Dora (beg yer pardon, totally not a thief !) or the snarky dark witch Chambara. For what I saw, the romances are pleasant too- up to six possibilities, and yes, you can flirt with characters of the same gender as yours.Concerning the dialog options, you will have three most of the time : joking, friendly or forceful. Of course other people will react differently depending on your choices, I couldn't estimate if having a majority in one kind really forged a real reputation, but that may very well be.And where does the gameplay fit in all this ? Well, you'll have a great number of fights, six VS six at maximum, with some scripted ones (like having only two members in your roster). Back row cannot be targeted by melee attacks while there are still at least one unit in the front row, wich make it ideal for missile units (bow/magic). On your right you can see in what order characters and ennemies will act, then plan accordingly. There are three classes (warrior, thief, mage), and each of your characters has a skill tree rendering him unique, like the druid being able to cast a heal spell on all a row.Thieves can use mana for special arrows (fire, ice...), warriors can force an enemy to switch position with one on the back row, etc. Insert potions when needed.All in all it plays smoothly, but I really fail to see the claim of the developers : there's nothing hardcore in it. If anything, it's quite casual and simple, not much strategy is involved. Money and equipment are not being scarce, the game is quite easy. Towns have an infinite amount of replayable tasks for money, XP and discount at the local shop ; making the possibility of skipping the odd random encounters sound.Now, I'm one of those stressing the value of story over gameplay for RPG, a reason why Planescape Torment is one of my eternal favorites. But I must insist : the game's intrigue has been seen too often to really be epic. The lack of artworks is rather grueling in that regard, many scenes would have benefited from a dedicated drawing to better depict them. Decently fleshed out characters (the personal quests help) cannot alone bring all the appeal. This not to say a simple story is something bad, here, it's just lacking in a genre where it should shine.One great flaw is the DLC. I do not know about you, but 17 buckazoids is already a bit steep a price. 6€ for content which could (and should) have been in the vanilla game is a blatant rip-off. You'll even get a message in the base game stating that you could recruit Chambara and a certain monk, but, hey, show the money first ! Worse, those two characters can have a crucial impact on the game's ending, wich is just wrong.And as for the replay value ? Yes, you can still change the starting character, romance other people, make a few other choices... But is it really worth going back to the same story without any surprise ? The game itself is not sure of that, as you can skip all the dialogs you want, and have cheat mode enabling you to win all the battles once you have completed the game for the first time.I was intrigued by the aspect of Loren the Amazon Princess at the start and still enjoyed it. It made me think of a Fighting Fantasy gamebook with actual character development.But if you are tempted, my advise would be to wait for a special promotion like -50%. 14 hours-ish of a classic plot (DLC accounted for) with marginal gameplay and satisfying protagonists are just not enough to be worthy of such a price. ""Two novel's worth of in-game text"", by the way, is quite meaningless : are we talking 100-ish pages sized novels, or Stephen King's sized novels ?"
,Recommended,257970,9976956,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,toad_004,"I hate overly positive reviews. The entire review scale on most websites has been shifted because these incarnations of Pollyanna insist on giving everything 10s. Just the thought that 3/5 or 5/10 isn't considered ""average"" makes me want to extract vengeance on the endless parade of perfect scores. Now that I have adequately set myself up as hypocrite of the year, let's begin the review.This game is about Loren, who happens to be the princess of the Amazons (yes, I am Captain Obvious, and I'm going for promotion - I like the sound of ""Major Obvious""). Going against all gaming tropes, she doesn't get kidnapped, nor do you play as her. Loren: The Amazon Princess begins with the titular character decapitating some training dummies, then berating her slaves for failing to provide more. She is then quickly informed that her mother (the Queen) did not return and is presumed dead. Loren rejects this and embarks on a mission to save her mother, but the captain manages to force Loren to take the Amazon's most prized slave - that's you.This game's greatest strength is its characters. Sure, Loren may be a terrifying-dual-sword-wielding-badass, but she's also never left the citadel before, and it shows. Within an hour of starting the game, she will have demanded to speak to the Queen of a republic, choked a bartender for the crime of ignoring her, and referred to the Amazons as better than all other nations. Other characters are no less entertaining, as you meet characters like Draco Firestarter - a fire mage who likes to start fires (am I a major yet?) and manages to cause the rest of the party to burst out laughing every time he talks, or Dora theexplorernicest thief in town - she teaches that the best way to make friends is to give them money.This does lead me to one of this game's few flaws - while the dialogue is well written all around, you have little insight into what your character will say. Every dialogue choice you make is one of four options - Joking, Friendly, or Forceful - and occasionally Romance. While the latter always progresses that character's romance, the first three aren't very clear on what you're about to say. For example, early in the game you arrive in a nearby city and Loren insults it. Your response? Joking, Friendly, or Forceful, without any indication on whether an option agrees with Loren or not. The only surefire way is to save before you choose, then pick every option and see which you'd prefer.The graphics are a matter of taste - this game isn't meant to melt your GPU to your motherboard. Many of the reviews seem to hate the graphics, I personally enjoy the graphics. The only graphical issue is with a few of the backgrounds - I noticed stairs leading up to a castle tower looked exactly the same as stairs to an inn's rooms. Minor, but a little strange. Overall though, I'd suggest looking at screenshots and seeing for yourself if you like the graphics. I really don't suggest deciding to purchase (or not) a game based on graphics.The gameplay is fairly straightforward if you've played RPGs before - everyone is either a warrior, a thief, or a mage, and you've got Strength, Skill, and Will to put points in. Certain enemies might be weak against or resistant to certain elements (you used typhoon on fire demon! It's Super Effective!). However, there are a few gameplay elements that aren't self-explanatory, and they aren't explained to you either. For example - dual-wielding carries a penalty (except on Loren, who has a skill to remove this penalty). However, if you wield a dagger in the offhand, you aren't penalized - the game never actually tells you this. It also doesn't bother clarifying stats such as ""Attack"" , ""Damage"" (aren't they the same thing?) and ""threshold"" (I still have no clue that this does).The vast majority of modern games have a few places at which you can choose a different path - and it almost always comes across as a failed attempt to get the player to play the game again. This is one of the few games where it actually works - once I finished the game, I was ready to start over with another character right then and there. Very few games have such replay value, but many of the choices you make actually give you a different story for a while.This is one of those rare titles that actually appeals to gamers that care about characters and story, rather than running 4096x2160 at 120fps, or shooting everything you see with generic guns and getting racial slurs in return. If this type of game doesn't appeal to you, then go downloadDuty of Calling: Fieldbattle 12. But if you care the slightest about deep characters or a game that can pull you into its world, then I can't recommend this more."
76561197961062484,Not Recommended,257970,13006959,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,hasufell,"If you like giggly romance, simple dialogues and a regular fantasy setting with a few rpg elements thrown in, then this might be for you.I did like it, but it's still hard to recommend from a neutral perspective. If you look at the game mechanics, writing, character depth, story etc then this is all quite average or below.However, for a Ren'Py game (the engine) it's way above average! And if you know Ren'Py games/visual novels in general, then you already know what to expect: a bit of silliness, lots of romance and recurring pictures. Don't get me wrong... that's part of the charm and quite on purpose!The only thing that disappointed me a bit is the climax of the romance. It could have been a bit stronger, more dramatic or so, honestly.Although I'm not entirely sure, I'm giving this a thumbs down because I think the price is too high. Maybe get it when it's on sale again and if you liked the demo (available on winterwolves homepage)."
76561197967558730,Not Recommended,257970,8736343,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Catacomb,"The biggest issue the game has are the dialogue choices.After the character creation, every dialogue option is: Joking, Friendly, or Forceful. (and sometimes ""romance"" >_>)  These descriptions are simply not enough to make the choice you want.  It forces you to either pick dialogue options you don't like, or (if you're like me) just save before every single choice and then try all three answers to see which one you like most.Update: I've learned that you can use the mousewheel to scroll back to the dialogue choices, and choose a different option.  This makes figuring out the dialogue choice less tedious, although it still is annoying to have to select and then back out of each option.To give you an idea of how bad these dialogue options are, lets do a scenario.  Person A Is arguing with Person B.  They turn to you for your thoughts.  Your options are Joking, Friendly, or Forceful as always, without giving you any indication of who those options side with.  It's only through saving and reloading 3 times that you learn  Joking and Forceful side with Person A, and Friendly sides with Person B.  Very tedious.  Very annoying.Now imagine the above scenario for Every. Single. Dialogue. Choice.TL;DRThe dialogue system is an utter failure. (and that's without mentioning my issues with the story or the problems with combat)"
,Recommended,257970,8862962,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,GameDragonZero,"I got curious about this game when I saw the idea of fusing RPGs and visual novels.  Though I've seen the mechanic a few times, ""Loren"" seemed to focus on doing ""more"" with both of its parents.I can't call the game an insta-buy at $19.99 -  it's going to depend on wether it's for you.  Me, a person who likes his RPGs with loot, skills, story, and choices (and now and then likes a game that you can sit down with for 30 minutes or 2 hours), thinks he got his money's worth.  It is definitely a replayable game as well, so if you're the kind of person that likes to try different endings and plots, then that's a plus.  I found a full playthrough is about 10 hours (winning unlocks  cheat mode)""Loren"" is the story of an amazon princess who's mother vanishes, presumed dead, and promptly gives up her queenship to find her.  She's given a single slave to help her - that's you by the way - and very quickly you're necessary as Loren is essentially a niave, unsubtle, combat machine.  Very quickly Loren and your chosen hero/heroine (who you do get some customization of) end up caught up in wars and intrigue, and collect a ragtag bunch of somewhat familiar characters.  So it's off to battle orcs, lizardmen, demons, and more because the world's problems are a LOT bigger than a missing queen  . . .The game mixes visual novel style branching storylines and classic ""Camp"" dialogue with point-and-click maps and classic RPG combat.  It actually balances all of these pretty well - most events are ""bite sized"", combats don't drag on for long, and there's a pleasing level of detail in things like equipment, character development, and battle strategy.  If you're an accomplished RPG player you probably won't find ""Normal"" too hard, though there are moments that will push you - you do have to pay attention.The best part of the combat and character building are how different factors interact - Status effects are a big part of the game, and soon you'll be trying to figure the best way to put your foes off guard.  Classes are meant to work together, especially in boss battles - and every character is ""dual classes"" with a generic class and a specialty class, adding a nice bit of customazation to the usual trinity of Warrior-Mage-Theif.  In short you're always ""this basic class and . . .""The story is the big selling point, and frankly, ""Loren"" delivers a giant heaping helping of common fantasy elements and characters that we're all familiar with (perhaps too much), but then actually goes the distance to add little personal details that bring the characters and events to life.  Sure the prose has a purple tinge, and some elements border on stereotype, but it's fun and you'll find a few surprises - you actually get a nice amount of character backstory if you dive into it, as well as interesting romantic complications.  There are parts that will definitely pull at your heartstrings, and I found myself geniunely liking some of the cast.So a buy?  I'd say if you like your RPGs with story, want a good RPG you can play in short bursts or long sessions, and if something a bit experimental like this appeals, go for it.  I think this is also a game to encourage, because the fusion is quite satisfying - and I'd like to see more."
,Recommended,257970,12607301,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,JaysonFour,"Let me just say that Winter Wolves is a company who ought to get much more in the way of support- because this game is essentially one of the greatest visual novel games I've ever been able to play.Loren the Amazon Princess is a game that is actually worth the full price- a rarity in these times, but if you like fantasy or adventure games, you'll want to grab this.  For once, you don't even play as the title character- instead, you play the second banana- either a human male slave, or an elven female.  The character you choose may have different observations about certain scenarios, and they may have a different set of people they might start a relationship with, but to be quite obvious, that's all the difference between them.  Both the male or female characters can get the same moves and the same classes, so really the only thing you're getting is a different view of the world.Combat is actually very well-handled- you just place your characters, and go.  Their turn comes up, you pick a skill or an item to use, and then you repeat until the combat is done.  You'll always have a healer on hand, because whatever you pick for your character- gender or class- you get a class of Healer right off the bat.As far as the story, it's actually well-written, and the characters have their own personalities.   You can talk to them in camp, you can flirt with a certain few of them, and if your scores are high enough, you'll even end up having to make a choice in a lovers' triangle between two party members- or maybe even more. There are both gay and straight options for both male and female characters- even more than Dragon Age, for crying out loud, and that's saying something.There's even a bit of DLC, which unlocks four more party members and expands the third chapter with an entire new area.  It is completely worth it, no matter what.Finally, a bit of warning:  Yes, the Steam version is the toned-down version.  There's a wokaround that you can use, but fair warning- this does create some NSFW scenes in the story, and changes some of the outfits on characters.  Take it as you will.All in all, I would play this again and again and again, unlike some full-price console games and the like.  Go buy this game!"
,Recommended,257970,8722214,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Agathos,"Wow, what a fun little approach to a lunchtime rpg w/ story elements, character development, Dragon Age/Bioware npc relationship progressions, and old school turn based combat.  This may not be worth the full $20 price it's starting at--but, it's certainly an enjoyable game w/ much going for it.  Even the soundtrack is worth keeping on during play.Overall, the dialog is both detailed and brief enough to keep the story interesting and enjoyable.  The choices in action and dialogue do have somewhat of an impact in the progress of the story.  But, having played a bit more at this point, I'd have to say most of it is just 'when' you see events, rather than true story impacts.  The 'camp' dialogues are limited in player options for responses (Joking, Friendly, Forceful, and the occasional [Romantic]) w/ fairly obvious outcomes from each.  It gives the feel of relationship development, but at a graphic novel level rather than actually giving a role playing experience.The fact that you play a supporting role instead of the lead is a refreshing twist on the entire experience.  This may even be worth a replay to see what different choices may accomplish.  But, the story follows a fairly straightforward direction.  It is a standard high fantasy tale worth your attention if you're looking for a lunchtime break that includes some playable strategic combat, predictable but enjoyable 'relationship' elements, and dialogue that is decent and not excessive.For the record, please don't rate this down just b/c you think the game's not epic.  I'm not saying it's a Bioware title.  I'm saying, it's a decent $10/$15 game that is worth spending some lunch hours on.Hope this helps!"
,Recommended,257970,12975847,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ceaseless Duality,"This game quickly became one of my Top 5 Favorite Games on Steam. It's a JRPG-style game from an non-Japanese indie game company named Winter Wolves. This company is mostly known for dating sims and visual novels, but honestly, I think this game is their best yet. (Although, to be fair, I haven't played all their games yet.)Important note: The DLC is a MUST HAVE. Honestly, the story would seem very incomplete without it, so if you get this game, get the DLC. This review is also based on having it.While this is definitely a RPG, the fact that a lot of their games are visual novels definitely shows in the design. There is zero action in the turn-based battles. In fact, they rely solely on pictures to represent what takes place in the battle. For a lot of people, this is a flaw, but for me, I was indifferent to this type of gameplay. What was important was that the game was fun to play.It took me roughly 20 or so hours to get through the game the first time. This is considered short for a RPG, but it has potential for several playthroughs. Personally, I went through 13 playthroughs, going for all the achievements. It can get a bit repetitive going through the game that many times, but thankfully, the creators realized this; there is a cheat mode that enables ""story mode"" in which the player automatically wins every battle, which can get you through the game much quicker. Obviously, the game is story-driven, which is a big highlight to me. The story is definitely influenced by Lord of the Rings. I can't blame for that, LotR is awesome. However, there are a couple of races that do not exist in the LotR world that exist in this game. Another 1-up this game has is that there's an even distribution of gender between the characters, unlike the sausagefest that is LotR.There is a bit of a dating sim element to this game, but you can actually get through the game without romancing anyone (in fact, there's an achievement for that). There are several people the main character can romance, which is what gives the game the potential for several playthroughs. Each one has its own unique effect on the story.Kudos to the creators for allowing same-sex coupling, which is a reoccurring thing in the Winter Wolves games.Sort of spoiler-ish, but not really:There are also a few different ways to end the game. Ultimately, the Death Knight (main villain) is defeated in each ending, but how you defeat him depends on things you do in the game. I looked up which way is canon out of curiosity, but ultimately, it's up to the player to decide how the Death Knight should meet his ""fate."" There's also a pretty heavy hint at the end of the game that there will be a sequel.Flaws:- There are absolutely no people of color in this game. White people EVERYWHERE; there isn't even a NPC that has a shade or two. And no, blue-skinned dark elves do not count. I mean realistic people of color.- The game could do without so much sexualization of the characters, particularly the women. It isn't really necessary that they be half-naked, especially when they're supposed to be fighting in a war.- I found one technical error in the game. In each town/village, there's a shop and a fame score. The player can earn fame by doing tasks for that particular town/village. Well, sometimes, if you go to a shop in a town/village that has no fame score yet, it'll re-direct to a previous shop. For example, while I was playing, I went to the elves' village's shop and it was linking me to the Citadel's shop. However, once I earned some fame in the elves' village, it correctly went to their shop. This error can actually benefit the player, so it isn't a huge deal.Despite its flaws, I definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes RPGs, especially if they enjoy story-driven games and visual novels / dating sims."
76561198031284066,Not Recommended,257970,8977624,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,one.leg.flamingo,"After playing Loren the Amazon Princess, I had to read the game description again and laugh. The game promises vivid characters, a strong plot, and meaningful decisions but delivers none of the above. A demon lord, who looks like someone traced a picture of Sauron off a Lord of the Rings DVD box, wants to take over the world. You must convince each race (elves, dwarves, humans etc.) to fight the demon by completing a task for them (killing something.) It's the plot of Dragon Age without the nuance and well written dialog. Writing your own ""backstory"" consists of choosing whether you were a stable slave or a castle slave in order to get either thief or warrior stats. Customization is extremely limited. For instance, the thief talent tree is 20 different ranks of inflicting a status condition on a staggered enemy. Overall this was a simplistic and boring game with simplistic and boring characters. It feels unfinished, since they clearly meant for the player to be able to choose to be a mage and they made the romance option nothing more than pressing a big button with the word ""(romance)"" on it. I can't help but think that this is a placeholder for real dialog that they never got around to writing. Don't let the word ""novel"" trick you into thinking that there is a good story to be had."
,Not Recommended,257970,29298491,Posted: 16 January,all,Phoenix,"In short: get it on a high-discount sale if you're a big VN fan and like solid characters and can forgive a weak plot and grinding combat.The characters are the strongest point of the game, maybe the ONLY strong point. The story itself is weak and jumps from point to point without any real sense of justification or getting you emotionally involved. When characters speak, they're believable and consistent, and I swear I laugh out loud every time Draco talks (he's definitely my favorite). But the bits of narrative that move the story along have no sense of creative description, relying on ""telling"" you the story rather than ""showing"" it. Plot points are revealed in advance by the narrator, rather than organically exposed by playing the game.The combat is awful. I tried both modes available but eventually just slapped the game down on ""easy"" so I could click through them as quickly as possible. The sound effects are repetitive and any ""strategy"" is a joke. I don't even think the RNG works. There's repeatable in-town battles you can do for money and XP, and as I grinded the same battle about a dozen times, I noticed that despite a given range of possible damage whenever I mouseovered an attack (a range of about 80 or so), the damage ended up being rolled the same number EVERY SINGLE TIME.I do like seeing how scenes change according to my character's personality, mostly in the sense of their interaction with the other characters, but the story they're all set in is just bland as can be."
76561198030800044,Not Recommended,257970,9012339,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,finn70,"The game isn't bad. Let's be clear about that, but it has some flaws that detract from it's fun factor (for me anyways).The graphics are good - about what you'd expect for this genre of game.There's a lot of story. It's not badly written, but it's not best seller material either - again, about average for the genre.I do like that there are places where the plot diverges - I haven't put in enough time to see if it's just a case of B then A, instead of A then B, or if it's a permanent change to the game.My main complains with the game have to do with the combat system .Since that's the main point of the game other than the story, I consider them pretty serious issues.First, I'll explain the skill system. Each ""skill tree"" consists of 6 or 7 skills, each of which has 3 levels and some skills require other skills to unlock. Each character has 2 skill trees available. Every character has one of 3 basic class trees (mage, thief, warrior) and their own class tree of unique skills.Some skills seem almost pointless. Others seem very counter intuitive.Example of a pointless skill - from the basic class FIghter tree.Power Strike (Lvl 1/2/3) - activate to do (15%/30%/45%) extra damage but lose (10%/20%/30%) speed for (3/4/5) turns.So at level 1 it does 15% extra damage but you attack 10% slower for 3 turns. So each turn will take 1.1 'time' than normal.The 3 attacks take 3.3 'time' to complete to do 3.45 'attacks worth' of damage. Sounds like a *small* bonus. But activating the skill takes about 0.33 'time' of an attack - so it's actually 3.63 'time' for 3.45 'attacks worth' of damage. In addition it costs you stamina to cast it. Also, if you use any of those turns to do something other than attack, you're just taking a slow turn with no benefits.  These type of skills would have been much more useful if designed as single turn attacks with a smaller stamina cost.A skill that seems counter-intuitiveThe Archmage tree is basically 5 (6?) elemental types. Each skill is an AOE attack with a chance of a status effect (burn for fire, freeze for water, etc).As you increase the level of the skill, you DECREASE the damage the attack does but you increase the chance of the status effect kicking in.At level 1 - all the skills do 300% base damage and have a 10% or 30% (depends on the status) for the status to take effect.At level 2 - it's 250% damage and 20 or 40%At level 3 - it's 200% damage and 30 or 50%Again, it's not that combat is awful,  it's just many of the skills seem.. less useful than they could be.Perhaps I wouldn't be so critical of the skill system had I never played Monster's Den and Monster's Den:Book of Dread - free games on Kongregate that use the same combat style but with much more interesting and varied skills.The other problem is grinding. Each town has 3 grind battles available. As far as I can tell, each of these battles is always the same with zero variety in creatures (so fighting undead in the dark elf town means 3 skelly fighters, 2 skelly archers, 1 necro... never 3 archers or 2 necros and an archer.. never ANY variety.I don't know that I find the story compelling enough to complete the game when the combat system is so.... static and repetitive compared to other games I've played with the combat system."
,Recommended,257970,22714858,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,orpe11,"TL;DR: An even mixture of RPG and Visual novel. Well done story and gameplay, nothing extraordinary, but worth a play.Loren: The Amazon Princess is one of those rare birds of a Visual Novel that is equal parts RPG gameplay and story sections. Both are executed well, and complement each other very well. If I was to sum up the game it one word, it would in fact be competence. While that shouldn't be rare, the fact that this game executes everything well, with very few stumbling blocks, is worthwhile enough for me to give it my reccomendation. I did truly enjoy the game in my first play through, and the only frustrations I found were in acheivement-hunting for 100% completion, given it requires quite a few playthroughs in order to get all the romance acheivements.The story is nothing outstanding. Your main character is a slave to the titular Loren, and the game plays out as you being the deutaragonist to her. You can pick your gender, which will affect romance options, though the game treats bisexuality as the norm, as most characters have romance options with both. When I say it is not outstanding, that doesn't mean it is bad. It is a good story, and I enjoyed it at first, but it doesn't push any boundaries, and stays fairly in line with common tropes of the fantasy RPG genre. If anything, the game could be closest compared story wise to Dragon Age: Origins. Big bad threat, have to convince various factions to follow you, recruit a diverse cast, talk to them over the campfire to get their stories and personal quests. If the game has any faults story wise it is that you really don't have much control over the story itself. Dialogue options tend to be selecting tone of your character (or increasing romance points), and you get very few major choices throughout the story. Your ending is basically determined by who you romanced, a final option at the end, and whether or not you did the DLC content.Gameplay wise, combat plays out in a turn based style, with your characters arrayed on a 2x3 grid opposite your opponents similarly laid out grid. Turns are according to a characters speed and the 'delay' of their last attack. A lot of the combat is based on status effects. The entire rogue skill tree, and most fighter skills rely on the opponent either being staggered (which can occur through powerful hits), or having various other status effects applied through spells or other skills. The game seems to be intended that you would apply status effects with mages, and have the rogues/fighters take advantage of them to deal tremendous damage. In practice though, since most fights including bosses are against masses of enemies, I found it better to stack three mages with max level AoE spells, and blast them down, leaving fighters/rogue for cleanup. The game has a fairly simple level up system, where your characters get stat points every level, and a skill point every few levels. The skill points let you progress down (short) talent trees, usually getting rank 1, then 2, then 3 of an ability. For most, this is just more damage, though mages progress from single target, to row, to all. There is practically no reason to spread things out, and far better to get rank 3 in a few abilities to deal massive damage, and spread out later to other damage types. Each character has a primary and secondary skill tree. The primary tree is of the fighter/rogue/mage basic class, and the secondary is unique to that character. This allows every character in the varied class to have a unique feel, a definite bonus.The game is intended to be played multiple times, hence the sheer amount of romance acheivements being practically more than the rest all combined. After you finish the game, the game does let you put it on story mode, which essentially disables combat, and lets you quickly skip through the game to the various endings.The only major downside I found in this game was inventory management, and the lack of leaked experience. In essence,  if you want your characters to have great gear, you will need to buy it. The costs for said gear are extremely high. You can lower the costs by doing repeated fights in towns, but it only works for that town. This also serves to give you money and vendor trash, but in small amounts. Story fights give you only the occasional decent piece of gear, and character side quests will usually give you a major item, but I went through the game with most of my party missing a huge chunk of gear slots, and even my main characters were often missing rings and belts. In addition, experience is not leaked to non-party members, which means that in several sections of the game where you are forced to use certain characters (their sidequests, sections where you have to fight through hordes and have characters get worn down), if you have been focusing on a single party you will be punished severely. The only way to catch these characters up is the aforementioned grinding fights, which barely give decent experience.Overall, Loren is a well done game. It will never sit on my 'Oh my god, you must play this!' list, but it is well executed, competent, and deserving of play if you enjoy these types of games."
76561198005695034,Recommended,257970,8724888,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Florence,"EDIT: Yes, my play time on Steam is less than an hour. This game has been out for a while outside of Steam. No, I am not some paid review, or bot or anything of the sort. Please stop downvoting this review because you think its not legit. Look it up, and you'll see this game isn't exactly new.This game is absolutely amazing. How amazing? I've never been compelled to write a Steam review for anything I've ever played before. But this game deserves all the praise I can give it.You start off by selecting whether to play as the male human Saren or the female elf Elenor. Either way, the gist of the how the game starts remains the same. You are a slave to the Amazons, and have been for a long time. Saren was born into servitude among the Amazons, while Elenor traded her freedom for protection when she was a child.The Queen has gone missing and against tradition, the Princess, Loren, goes off to find her. By the laws of the Amazons, she is forfeiting the resources of her title by leaving to look for her. The Amazons do, however, provide her with a servant to assist her, one who has shown great promise and loyalty: you.The story begins as a search for a missing Queen, but Loren, her servant and the others they run into along the way quickly become embroiled into a much greater matter; that may decide the fate of not only the Amazons but all of Aravorn.To get right down to what's great about this game: the characters are amazing. This is one of those games where you will remember the characters long after you've hit the end credits. Whether you choose to play as Saren or Elenor will determine which characters you can pursue a romantic relationship with; if you wish to purse any of them at all.If old fashioned man-on-girl action isn't your thing (and don't worry, it has that too), then prepare to fall head over heals with Winter Wolves for selection they've given you here. Saren and Elenor may both pursue a romance with Princess Loren, for instance, however only Saren can woo the elven druid, Myrth. Only Elenor, on the other hand, can win the heart of the assassin, Rei. The Amazon Queen, Karen, however, isn't really going to be won over by Saren; but Elenor might just be able to win the heart of the beautiful Queen. She'll have noticeably less luck with the ever-adorable fire-mage, Draco, who may find his attention better drawn to Saren's manly charms.There are other romance options available, as well, but I won't spoil everything here. And there's certainly more to be interested in than just who you can romance. The characters are all very memorable, even if you don't pursue them. They'll also prove to be quite useful when combat occurs.At the start of the game, you decide not only which one of the two protagonists to play, but what class they are; either warrior or thief. This determines the sort of abilities you'll have in combat. Every character has a sub-class as well, and in the protagonist's case, it's ""Hero"", which gives you access to healing and support skills, regardless of your main class chosen.Whichever class you pick, you'll find different characters will compliment you in different ways on the battlefield. Some serve better in the front lines, soaking up most of the damage, while others are better positioned in the back where they can blast away at the enemy with arrows or magic; or perhaps heal up your party so they can keep on fighting.The combat system itself, while graphically very simple, is actually quite enjoyable and tactical. The placement of your party, as well as how you level them, and what you equip them with goes a long way towards victory or defeat; though rest assured that its pretty hard to mis-manage yourself into a corner, especially since you can go into the options and lower the difficulty at any time if you find a battle is proving too much for you.That may sound like it makes the game too easy, but it really doesn't. If you want the challenge, simply restrict yourself from using that option. At the end of the day, however, this game isn't exactly about gameplay. The fact that the gameplay is actually really enjoyable is just icing on the cake. The heart of this game is the characters, the writing and the story. What you have here is a richly crafted world, with three-dimensional (in personality, not graphical design) characters, and a story that, while perhaps not revolutionizing how we look at medieval fantasy, is clever, well conceived, well-written and well-delivered. To top it all off, while you certainly won't be making quite as many major plot choices as you would in Dragon Age or Mass Effect, you do have a very distinct sense that your character made a difference by the end of this game, and the coices you did make mattered.This game has quite a fair amount of replay value. You can see what its like picking the other protagonist, which changes some scenes and dialogue here and there; and unlocks different romance options. You can see what different romance paths are like, and how they'll effect things. You can also simply try out different character builds and try to get better at the combat system. There's also a few plot decisions you might want to try differently, to see how they play out.To sum it up, if you like RPGs, with a bit more of an emphasis on the ""RP"" than the ""G"", this is a game for you. The gameplay is solid, but I think most people who fall in love with this game like I have will do so more because of the roleplaying than the gameplay mechanics. If you like romance, this is a game for you. If you've been yearning for more games that recognize that gay, lesbian and bisexual people DO exist, than this is a game you will want to check out. I still feel like I haven't properly conveyed how much I love this game. It may not be for everyone, but if you're even considering getting it, I recomend at LEAST grabbing the demo off of the developer's website and giving it a try.EDIT: I just thought I'd add, I recommend getting the DLC if you play. Its pretty cheap, and the new content is totally worth it."
,Recommended,257970,13677253,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kelfuma,"Not a bad game.  I originally bought because it was on sale, and I felt like supporting some indie developers.  One play through on normal difficulty should take you about 10-15 hours depending on how fast you read through the text because there's a lot of it.  I thought the combat was pretty satisfying, you can have up to 6 members on your side fighting 1-6 enemies and each of you take turns with options of attacking, using skills, items, or magic.There are several endings to the game, and I felt sentimental reading through the last scene knowing the final fate of my character (there might be different endings to that too).  But the last boss battle was rather anticlimatic.  There's a cheat option availible if you finish your first playthrough and you can skip all the dialogue really quickly with the tab key to get to alternate endings.  Try the demo out at the official site of the game to see if you like it."
76561198147433993,Recommended,257970,20836718,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Yuuki,"A really pleasant game, I rarely buy these sort of games, but this one captured my attention for two whole evenings straight, and I am already thinking of having another go.It's fun, it has a nice story and what I really miss from non-bio ware games, some party members with their own stories and characters and romance options ;)well done guys."
76561198091084267,Recommended,257970,12368597,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,lilice_brocolis,"I loved the game !It is quite short, I presonnaly like that : you can finish a game while still in the mood and don't have to reload your save month latter. You have some time to develop your characters but you see the finality of your choice since the beginning. The strategy is nice.I found it rather easy but you have to think during battles. The story is nice but the text sometimes uselessly long. Having romance options is nice but doesn't bring so much to the game, as the different story choice that we can make.I really loved the visual novel way to tell a story for a RPG game : it is really working for me (I don't like to have to spend my time moving my character and looking for people to seep and explore, and when I have the opportunity to do it I do it thouroughly, so... - yes, it's completly stupid, I know.).The strategical choice (in and outside batlle) are nice. I like the fact that the story give you plenty of XP, so your different character don't have major differences in level (and so you can switch the ones you use if you want).Numerous optionnal battle and other ways to win XP or money are available. If you like challenge, don't do it."
76561198047849599,Not Recommended,257970,9953670,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Dvarin,"Moderately fun, but in no way worth $25--it's just too amateurishly done.  Buy it when it goes to 40% off or better.Good points:- The combat system is pretty good for its type, and I enjoyed trying to figure out the best abilities, combos, and strategies.  Don't believe the bit that says to choose Moderate Difficulty if you have RPG experience--crank it to Hard.  A good number of the battles seem to be scaled to average party level, so you don't have to worry about swapping in someone underpowered.- A bunch of the character dialogue is really amusing, mostly anything involving Draco or Dora.  Other dialogue was occasionally cheesy but usually good.  I wasn't bothered by the Joking-Friendly-Forceful choices not telling you what was actually going to be said, partly because they almost never affect the end result of a conversation and partly because I eventually figured out that you could use the mouse wheel to scroll back and pick a different option as many times as you like.- You can save/load pretty much anywhere and there are a giant number of savegame slots.  Alas that you cannot tag descriptions onto them.Bad points:- The documentation/help is limited and in at least one instance (the combat help) is outright wrong.  Example that irritated me right off: if you play a Thief you're asked to choose among skills that inflict status ailments without any way to determine what the ailments actually do.- It needs another pass or three of heavy editing.  The writing has a lot of grammar and phrasing and usage errors, and the storyline sometimes suffers from plot inconsistency and obvious logic issues.  In a story-driven game that relies so heavily on text, these were really annoying.   (It also has a lot of ridiculously unlikely things happen just because they're plot-convenient, but that's kind of par for the course in this genre.)- Better branch tracking would be good too--there are two main ways to get through chapter one, but there are parts of chapter two that assume you went one way and were seriously confusing to me because I went the other.- I am not sure why the game has gear with mage-only stats that mages can't wear.  Maybe to drain gold from the unwary?- When you finally get to see a second drawing of a character in Ch 4, it's only 50/50 whether they look the same as the first drawing.  (As a related good-ish point, it's kind of amazing what they can do with only one drawing and some variant facial expressions.)I could talk about the outfits, but...  If you've looked at any of the screenshots then you know exactly what you're getting.  Whether they're a good or bad point is up to you."
,Not Recommended,257970,8795138,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Caketown,"The story read like a poorly written fanfiction and was impossible to take seriously.  I could have forgiven the incredibly cliche standard fantasy plot if the dialogue and exposition had been better.  As it is, I couldn't stomach it for more than a few minutes at a time, and after a couple attempts, retired it altogether."
,Recommended,257970,18709139,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,tomak,"What I liked from Loren The Amazon Princess (I may not list them all):+ The art of the characters (Loren, etc).+ The story. It's enough to make me laugh here and there.+ Music? Well like any other music in this world, even the best music can be boring if it replayed many times. That happened in my Loren The Amazon Princess gameplay. The point is, the music is good enough for me, only that I have to turn it off sometimes. But not because it's not good or something like that...What I disliked (Once again, I may not list them all):- Lack of CGs.Do I recommend Loren The Amazon Princess to you?The answer is yes, I enjoy my time playing Loren The Amazon Princess, and I recommend it to others because that's how I think it will support the devs (and not recommend it will do the opposite)."
76561197963455896,Recommended,257970,10663482,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gilgamesh,"Pretty decent game if you can get over the magical realm fetish-fuel aspect. Combat is a little bit like Eye of the Beholder, but unfortunately doesn't have it's sense of exploration.Being a game about narrative and character interaction, a big problem is when the game gives you options on how to respond, it's very vague about what that response actually is: for example, if someone calls your friend an a-hole, you might get three choices: joking, friendly, or forceful. So you pick forceful, thinking you're going to put that jerk in their place, only to realize afterwards that ""forceful"" meant ""forcefully agree"", and your character says something like ""YES HE SURE IS A SERIOUS A-HOLE.""Also, during the first part of the game, the vast majority of the loot you find or have the option to purchase will be considerably worse than the gear you start with, which will leave you a little bored with some of the RPG elements, at least early on.Could recommend if you're a fan of visual novel-type games and it's on sale."
76561198346022169,Recommended,257970,31962749,Posted: 25 May,all,Jenny!!,"I was not expecting to love this game as much as I do, I thought it'd be a fun little rpg game to kill time, but I was pleasantly surprised with an invigorating plotline and relateable charcters. The romances and different options allow for replyability without getting bored. This is a game I defintely recommend."
,Recommended,257970,8814192,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Lailachu,"This is a perfect game for those who enjoy a well made casual RPG. It has great story-based gameplay, and is simple yet addicting. It's hard to find a well-polished game now-a-days, but this game does not dissapoint. I'm always impressed by Winter Wolves' games, and I hope their other works get put out on steam soon! I highly recommend this game, and I also hope that you'll checkout the stuff on their website(winterwolves.com), and vote for their other games currently on Greenlight!! :)"
,Recommended,257970,12749936,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Silva,"For the purposes of this review, I will start with this: As an occasional but relatively infrequent insomniac, I played this game from start to finish over the course of the night and through the morning not because I had nothing better to do but because I had to know how things would end. There is no higher honor for written fiction than that feeling of ""just one more page"", much like the videogame equivalent ""just one more level"". I say written fiction because while you can argue back and forth about whether visual novels are games (in my view they are), the highlight of Loren The Amazon Princess is still narrative over gameplay.But unlike many if not most visual novels, there is an actual game here in a game mechanics sense. Fittingly for such a high-fantasy oriented story, it plays as a hybrid between entirely literary visual novels and an RPG. Do not expect the depth of a dedicated RPG. That is not to be found here.Despite that there is still a commendable level of depth considering it's status as a hybrid. Equipment, level ups, stat points, skill trees and varied character classes are accounted for. Technically the only class choice you have the power to alter is the chosen player surrogate (there are two available) at the very start of the game, but the various party members have distinct roles and flexibility within those roles even if say, the dwarf chick will always be a bow-oriented type. Character forcing does occur at times for narrative reasons, but the game ensures that even characters you don't use often will be of relatively close level to your mainstays. The player surrogate and the titular Loren are often but not exclusively required members, but that's not a huge deal out of a party of six at a time when the roster fills out.On the narrative front, people often compare this to Dragon Age Origins. That isn't entirely accurate. The theme of uniting different peoples to face an overarching threat is present in both games, and there is a character much like Morrigan. Other than that, it's mostly that both are archetypal fantasy stories.Make no mistake, Loren is not a narrative you seek out for surprises. Anyone with decent familarity with fantasy novels will find little to shock them. A poor writer would let that result in a boring story, but thankfully the developers are not poor writers. What the writing lacks in surprises it more than makes up for in quality. A well rounded cast with believable motivations, genuine character development, and some damn quotable lines make this a visual novel you don't want to miss.Also: if any of that RPG side of things doesn't sound like your deal, don't worry about it. The difficulty options and competent automated options for distributing stats and skill points means you will have to micromanage only exactly as much as you want to and not a bit more. Equipment lacks that, of course, but that's straight forward anyway.TL:DR; BUY IT ALREADY."
76561198045255782,Recommended,257970,9693775,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Moppit,"It's a really good rpg. i enjoy most of the characters but like always you live to hate because there annoying. I do appreciate the combat in between reading otherwise would be dull. I don't like the fact it's not consider a ""complete"" game until you buy the dlc. I got the dlc after chapter 3 and miss out on what I was suppose to do on chapter 2 was kinda sad I would have to replay the game again to see it. Over all I would highly reccomend this game if you enjoy novel with some turn base combat in bewteen sessions"
76561197980010878,Recommended,257970,8824452,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Regret and Redemption,"Thoughts:Good artstyle (The male and female main characters bug the hell out of me, but everything else is good) for the setting. Detailed and generally fit the personalities of the characters.Music is really impressive - esp. for a indie title - props to the team on that front.Gameplay is a subjective matter - I grew up with old school games, so I was fine with it being portraits and skills; but what did bother me was poor/limited item selection; I didnt feel there was enough variety for gearing up - as an example, I spent the whole game with me theif using the default chest armor becuase nothing else was worthwhile for speed - despite searching shops hundreds of timesonly to see the same cycled selection of choices (randomly).I liked most of the characters personalities; or the thought put into them - though ""my"" character was a annoying waste of space - you give me dialouge choices - then proceed to shove values/feelings done my MC's throat - regardless of my choices; made the MC feel very spastic and hollow.which leads me to my main gripe - this COULD have been a epic story; but I felt the writer was too excited or in a rush to finish; the narrative is grotesquely melodramatic and unpolished. If he or she took their time to tell the story properly or with more depth - and with less melodrama - this had a real possiblity to be high up in my ranks.That, and foreshadowing - the writer seemed to feel the need to tell the reader what was going to happen multiple times, prior to the events (at least four times, to my count). ""little did Loren know she would be blah blah blah"" ""The world would soon realize blah blah blah"" Seriously? let the reader find out - don't spoil your own story.I can tell alot of time and effort went into this, and I repect that - and I like alot of the game - but the poor writing is a strong negative for me; you know its bad when the script makes you cringe.EDIT: After having completed a second playthrough, I am willing to mark this as ""reccomended"" - the above flaws still stand, but I discovered the writer improved with time (or as he/she progressed in the tale) - party member quests were fairly short but well-written, and the romance sub-stoires were palletable.And finally - the subtle-to-see branching options gave me a new respect for the title - and how the dev was more or less good about acknowledging any past choices, and how they affected future outcomes (afew ere missed here and there, but more or less thorough).so yeah, I'd sayn its worth the money  - I uninstall this game feeling satisfied at thee content - even abit wistful."
76561198009426399,Recommended,257970,12717102,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,madein1976,More of an interactive story than a game in my opinion - still enjoyable though. Lots of reading. A good entry level game for someone who may not enjoy the complex RPGs that are out there.
,Recommended,257970,12781987,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Zeroepix,"I bought this game and its expansion on the recent sale, and for the price I paid I feel like I got great value for money.Once I started, the stories and characters were so immersive that I found it very difficult to stop playing. I finished it with the same feeling I get after reading a great book; sadness, that it was over. I very much look forward to more from Winter Wolves in this vein.The story is a little cliched, and seemed to be a Lord of the Rings parody of sorts. You have an aged wizard guiding everyone to resist against the upcoming of a dark lord, a deathknight of animated armor that happened to have more than a passing resemblence to the ringwraiths. The hero had to unite many broken kingdoms that needed to come together to defeat said knight (although that's a common trope to this fantasy setting anyway). There are the amazons, though, with a few undead here and there, so it's not all bad. The bright part of the story is that the protanist was not in a special position before the story began, and was instead a slave.Any unoriginality in the story, however, is completely forgivable considering the dialogue. For a text-heavy game (the sound effects were just there to replace silence), the text was easy to read, and the game does it brilliantly; I was captivated from the start, and every character had a distinct personality that remained consistent throughout the entire game. Through their personal stories, you can come to relate to every one of your party members, and most of them are done well.The romances were well done, with each of the two selectable protagonists (male human or female elf slaves/servants) having a variety of suiters to pursue. The romances only lightly effected the plot, however, and the effects of these personal relationships were only felt during minor plot points. The game could be played without romances at all, which may be odd considering it markets itself as a romantic novel.Loren The Amazon Princess shines in its dialogue and characters, but is not without its flaws. The typical ""Joke, Friendly, Forceful"" dialogue options were a jarring experience. They didn't give you any indication at all as to what you'd actually say, which introduced something completely unpredicatable in a genre where the one thing that should be relatively predictable is the progranonist. It was easy to work around (scroll up to go back, or save/reload), but doing it this way was a strange decision from the designers.The combat was extremely easy on normal, but that may have been because the focus was on the story. The turn based system with combos was interesting enough to survive the whole game without getting too boring.The graphics were well framed with the plot, but the backgrounds were heavily reused, and the game could definately have benefited from having more of them. It was easy to forget where we were based on any particular background image.All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed and recommend this game to lovers of visual novels. There are plenty of 'they lived happily ever after' endings, as well as one or two not so happy, and if you allow yourself to fall into the characters, a definite sadness when the tale ends and there's nothing more to read."
76561198052337412,Not Recommended,257970,9964945,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,MSJ-06II-C,"I wished for a 'thumb to side' as this game actually has some moments of enjoyment but they just can't outweight the disappointment, all here is just to basic to be seen good like the stats:You have 3 stats:StrengthSkillWillWith each class having one main stat (all warrior like classes have strength, etc) but there is absolutely -no- point in leveling up ANYTHING OTHER than you main stat, in most RPGs that utilisize such a system lvl'ing a stat that is not important for a class (for example strength for mages) provides at least some use, here... nope, all attacks scale on the main stat and to a lesser extend to the secondary stat, but since the latter gives nothing else ileveling it provides you with less attack damage and nothing to make up for it.Then this priced thing of you being the servant (read: slave) of the hero... well again it changes exactly... nothingOh exept that instead of '[PLAYERNAME] takes the party to X' it is 'Loran (your mistress) says that you go there', on most occasions you can just choose what -she- says, so there again is no real change exept for the change in the dialogues...Which brings me to the next point: The text, in a game that is half a visual novel you would expect its text part to be the strong point of the game, this text is mediocre maybe, but not more.The story initself is as clichee as it can get, read some other reviews, when you want to know more about this, because i find that they describe the story pretty well, in short:As clichee as it can get,'Kill X to make me trust you' like quests for progression'Hardcore role-playing games with replay value are becoming rarer in today's age of simplification for the masses. The developers of the hit title Planet Stronghold have dedicated themselves to keeping old-school RPGs alive through this new adventure.' when i read that after playing i just had to laugh since the combat was as simplistic, 'grind-like-hell'ish, 'just-smack-you-on-da-face'-style, no strategies required. There's fundamentaly no depth in it, just choose the attack with most damage and start killing the baddies.Again this is not a bad game per se but its not worth its money as is, haven't the DLC hence I don't know if this changes some of this.EDIT: Forgot to add that the dialogue choices are annoying at best since there are only three... in every dialogue... remember those old games where your character seemingly hadn't enough brain to say anything other than variations of 'yes' or 'no' with no room for something like 'well cool but could we instead do [OPTION 3]' or something like that? Now you've got 'Joking' 'Friendly' and 'Forceful' which are sometimes totally unintuitive. Imagine: You see your master arguing with someone, then both for some reason turn to the slave to ask for his/her opinion, since the argument started to get very heated you should think that 'Joking' brings your character to do something funny to loose up the situation... well no it could be that you just joke ABOUT either of the persons involved in the argument (read: A your master... probably not a good idea, or B: For example a major of some town... also not a good idea to provoke him... as a slave), I'm not saying that this happens everytime you cllick on joking its just that sometimes the result is just so far away from what you'd expect from that option.Ofcourse you can just use your mousewheel to scroll back in the conversation but still this seems so annoying.Lastly the 'romance scenes' for that you should read abundantgrace's or Striker Eureka's reviews as I think they describe them pretty good.TL:DR:Is it a good game? Hardly albeit quite enjoyable at momentsIs it a decent game then? Pretty much so, expect nothing to write home about but still you should be able to enjoy it somewhatIs it worth the money? Thats a though question depending if its your cup of tea, if you are curious about buying iti wait for a sale and grab it there."
,Not Recommended,257970,34942158,Posted: 13 September,all,The Grinning Ghost,"I'll admit was enjoying the rock-paper-scissors romantic plot between the main character - I chose Saren - and Loren during the game's actually interesting start despite it showing signs of disingenuity early on. The angle of playing as not the badass chosen one but as Loren's servant was actually quite interesting, and if executed with better writing/gameplay I would have been more than sold. Well, I was, for a few more hours.Each companion from that point fit snugly into every fantasy party member trope unabashedly with very, very, few exceptions. About 4-5 hours in I was just clicking through fluff after fluff after fluff after fluff. The combat was so terrible I installed a cheat to just skip all the mess and to just try and enjoy the story - if there was any true uniquity to it outside of your character’s origin story! I appreciate the attempt, but this visual novel suffers from a weak narrative and uninspiring management system."
76561198010838885,Recommended,257970,34815962,Posted: 8 September,all,mnmike2002,"A story that feels like a D&D campaign as told by an above-average GM.A solidly constructed, if not horribly original, turn-based combat system.A large party with plenty of character customization options.  Romance and dialogue choices that are sort of Bioware-lite.A story where choices matter, set in a pretty stereotypical fantasy realm.Put it all together, and you have a very enjoyable game.  Not one of the great RPGs, by any means, but if you really like story-driven RPGs (as I do), or if you thought that the biggest problem with Dragon Age: Origins was that it was too long and complex, then Loren The Amazon Princess might just be the game for you."
76561198018678506,Recommended,257970,8718563,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Lord Scanthax,I bought it for the porn.
76561198064198514,Recommended,257970,12232647,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Lovenought,"While I’ll admit I was initially a bit bristled at the fan-service in Loren the Amazon Princess, (even with the censor option turned on) it’s worth overlooking as the battle system is well arranged and challenging and the overall story of a young man or woman rising from slavery to become second in command of an army that will save the world is very well done, as is the secondary elements of the story.I especially liked how each party member character has a lot of character development that can be encouraged by the player, through talking to them and completing optional quests. The most obvious example is the well done way Loren herself can gradually becomes less sexist and conservative, eventually becoming a truly enlightened Queen upon the end of the game IF the player argued with and challenged her preconceptions, presented evidence of the flaws in the Amazon system, proved the worth of men, made her realize the cruelty of slavery ect ect.While it may be a bit expensive and is definitely only for mature audiences, it’s well made, tells an interesting tale about interesting people and I could honestly see playing through it a second time to see what effect different choices would have on the story.I would definitely recomend buying this game during a Sale, or full price if you are a fan of the Visual Novel/Party Tactics RPG genre."
76561198142672678,Recommended,257970,12888271,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Chaotiс_Evil,"I have only completed chapter 1, but I really like the game and I know I am gonna like it. The game reminds me "" Dragons of the autumn twilight"" book. The same atmosphere. Awesome mix between old style rpg and anime. Also soundtrack is among the best ever. And a cast of chars reminds me Baldursgate. Awesome game, RECOMMENDED!"
76561198057809284,Recommended,257970,12741391,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,APoCaLyPSE NoW,"Even if i don't like to read tons of texts, i enjoy this game greatly. Never thinked good rpg can be without 2D or 3D.+ Nice graphics with touch of sexy+ Nice Musics+ Nice battle system+ Easy to use UI+ Random item from shops but without random attributes.+ Caps 30 levels, infinite level up with ""Tasks""+ Many locations to explore+ Long story text to read+ Nice NPC & characters+ Many classes to play, skills/spells with combo, free points allocation+ Romance system- (personnal opinion) : too many texts (i prefer rpg with shorter story)- Steam version censored (you have to find tips to unlock, see *** )You can buy this game safely. I recommend it.I'll update my evaluation later when i'll end game and all difficulties level.*** To play uncensored version you have to download demo on official website. Install it outside your Steam directory. Demo will recognize you bought Steam version and will transform itself to full version. Launch ""Demo"" to play uncensored version outside from Steam. Not sure you'll be able to unlock all achievements."
76561197969628949,Not Recommended,257970,8815308,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,ImAGodDmnDragn,"It's a fun game with an interesting story, though the actual gameplay is a bit lacking and the story starts to drag after a while.Pros- Fun characters with decent dialogue- Entertaining world, and even though it's fairly generic as far as fantasy worlds go, the story is well written enough that it keeps you interested in what's going on- Many hours of gameplay and some replayability- Lots of options for love interests- The majority of the art is goodCons- High pricetag for what the game provides- Gameplay elements are laughably simple, they may as well have left them out- Character skill trees offer little to no variety- More of an interactive story than an actual video gameI'll admit the game is entertaining and I'm probably going to finish it to see how the story turns out.  However, if I had it to do over, I would have waited until the game was under $10 before I bought it.  Nothing about this game justifies it's price tag, the gameplay elements for each class consist of about 8 powers that you can put skills into that basically just make most of those eight powers better.  And even the eight powers, in some cases, are just variations of each other.  For example, the rogue has four powers that all basically do the exact same thing but just apply slightly different damage types.As far as dialogue options go, you basically have 3 (sometimes 4) dialogue options for each situation,  Joking, Friendly, and Forceful (and sometimes Romance).  I'm not sure if the dialogue choices make a big difference as this is my first playthrough and am mostly choosing the friendly options.  However, it is a bit annoying that the actual things you'll say aren't shown before you say them.  The game suffers from Mass Effect syndrome where you might choose a dialogue option and the actual option isn't even close to what you wanted to say.  The good news is, you can use the mouse scroll wheel to backtrack and choose different options, but this can get annoying if you find yourself backtracking every other choice.  If the game gave more indication of what impact dialogue options had on the story, I would prolly enjoy this gameplay aspect more.If there was more to the gameplay, I might be willing to recommend it.  But story alone is not enough to justify the amount of money the devs are asking.  If you don't really care about gameplay and just want a nice, relaxing (and somewhat simple) game you can sit back and enjoy and don't mind spending the $20, then this is the game for you.  However, if you're like me and like a good mix of gameplay and story, I'd wait until the price goes down a bit."
76561198214213240,Recommended,257970,22415514,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,strawberrydream,"As someone who is a huge fan of otome games and games like Dragon Age, that feature combat as well as rich interactions with party members, I was sold on Loren the Amazon Princess from the start.The plot isn't terrible. It's cliche, but these days, many high fantasy adventure games follow the same tropes. Though cliche, there was a certain charm about the story that led me to continue to play the game. Combat is decent, though monotonous after a while. I found myself powering through battles just to get to cutscenes and camp, just so I could interact with the characters some more. The characters, while nothing terribly original, were fun, likeable, and reason enough to keep me coming back to play some more. Pleasantly enough, the interactions seem to change slightly depending on your character's gender, which makes for a refreshing second or third playthrough. As I mentioned before, Loren isn't unlike Dragon Age as far as party relations go. You're free to romance your party members if you so choose (some are only open to MCs of certain genders), or you can just remain platonic with them. Either way, I enjoyed that this game features a way to get to know the party other than snippets of dialogue from cutscenes.Loren the Amazon Princess is a game definitely worth picking up if you enjoy otomes and/or action adventure games with rich party interactions."
,Recommended,257970,8815484,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Dalantia,"I HOPE YOU LIKE TEXTIn all seriousness, however:This game plays, to an extent, like a visual novel; most of your interactions with the world are done in the format of such. I believe that making the general dialogue options nonspecific is bad; they seem to be trying for an Alpha Protocol thought process with the choices, but succeed mostly in making it annoying to pick what you actuallywantto say. Romances feel somewhat shallow, and have clearly marked options for getting them; there's no gameplay influence if you do or don't pursue people's affections. Party quests are just a free item for a character.Combat is mostly in the realm of ""serviceable""; there's no pyrotechnics or fancy graphics, and I feel like the growth is too slow at times. At endgame, I wound up with most characters being early 20s, and I just felt like, in general, I was blowing points on just maintaining diversity, not actually improving my characters. There's too much of a ""Right Way To Build"", in my opinion, and character options are disappointingly limited; your protagonist will -always- be the party healer (and if you don't build them for that, unfortunately, you're crippling yourself), regardless of if they're a Thief or Warrior.Despite all this.. This is a fun game. I wouldn't pay full price for it, but I consider my time enjoyably spent, so far."
,Not Recommended,257970,9098740,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,TrinitysEnd,"While it is a good idea I dislike the story. It so much of telling and not really showing that it gets really stale really quickly. I still think if you like turn based games with romance then you'll like the game, but if you really depend on story like I do then you may be disapointed.Edit: I should point out that I have played a majority of the demos posted by WW and was really looking forward to their steam release. My favorites would be Spirited Hearts (Which I ended up buying awhile ago) and Heileen (Though I have yet to get the full version). They are a good company, but I still was a little disapointed of the story quality. I do think it is a good game, just not the one for me."
76561197970493966,Not Recommended,257970,9683568,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Precache,"Too many words for too little story. Seriously, do I need to hear every single party member's opinion about which door I should take?Also it's a little more smutty than I was expecting. Not too too much, just more than I was expecting.Still if you're straving for an RPG, this one is okay, good even. But there are so many others to play first."
,Recommended,257970,12237291,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,srnmnstr,"Brilliantly written visual novel with excellent replay value!Storylines were well thought-out, characters were extremely likeable, battle was fun and challenging yet not tedious. Difficult choices were given to allow some impact (great and small) on the world as the story unfolds. My first playthrough left me looking for guides and scrambling to save and reload after every fight to see every outcome possible.Thoroughly enjoyable, beautiful hand-drawn graphics. My only gripe is that too many places look the same (i.e. all the crypts and tombs), though understandably it's hard to continuously draw new locations and the different characters that appeared kept the game fresh.Definitely recommended to buy!"
76561198112400397,Recommended,257970,8765157,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,drakeef,"I'm not one to normally write game reviews but Loren The Amazon Princess  seemed to spark one in me.Loren is a very straight forward game when it come down to its gameplay and one I recommend if you enjoy a turn based RPG. The big trick is making sure you take advantage of the Pokemon like element type system since some foes are weaker to say Dark damage then they are to Normal, Wind, Water, Fire or Earth (meaning you might want to stalk up on even slightly weaker weapons if they have a different damage type then that more powerful sword you got off a boss, just s you are not dealing 30 point of damage when you could be dealing 100 points just for doing a mid battle swap out)I noticed Loren The Amazon Princess has some similar trait to Dragon Age when it comes to uniting the races of the world against the main villain (mainly in getting them to stop trying to kill each other and not making the live of the bad guys that much easier) but unlike DA, you do not need 2 hours wandering through caves, forest or ruins to find your target, the game stream lines this by being much like a book that takes you right to the heart of mission, fight the target an move onto the next plot point.Since the game is so streamlined, you do not need to grind for levels though it is still an option by doing Tasks that are in most village (which also build up local fame and provide discounts at the local store) the big thing about grinding in Loren is...its not easy as the game was clearly built for you not needing to be level 50 to win. I myself only had mot of my guys at 18 to 21 by the time I faced the final boss.Now as for the main character, you get two options for him/her: Human Male and Elf Female and both of those have the option of Warrior or Rouge as a base class plus your pre-chosen second class of Hero. At first this might be a let down to those who like Mage style builds (or arcane knight style player like myself) but this is probably for the reason of if the MC could sling a fireball as well as cast the support spells the Hero Class gives him or her well... can see a pure mage just being over powered if that were possible so this was probably good move from the game's creators to take away the mage route for the MC in this case.Now as for romance (as we all know is common thing in all RPGs to provide non critical but interesting side plots for the game) your chosen starting gender let to romance some characters but not all, though most swing both ways so you have a classic Bioware style romance system in this game. Loran for example can be romanced by both MC genders but Draco can only be romanced by the male MC.Overall Loren The Amazon Princess is a fun (though short) game I recommend for those enjoy a good turn based RPG."
76561198031624465,Recommended,257970,8885475,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,sacredsister,"I had fun with it-- nice mix of visual novel with a bit of old-school RPG format. However, if you're not a visual novel fan who takes a bit of guilty pleasure playing out romance paths in addition to the main plot, this probably isn't the game for you. If you want to try it out, the demo should be available on the creator's website!"
76561198039356733,Not Recommended,257970,9905432,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Shlara,"Sure, it has a story, but I beat the game in less than a day.  Not worth the price.  Combat was dull, and even the story lacked depth (characters assume one of three or four poses throughout the entire game).  If you're looking for a good RPG, this isn't it."
76561198034888313,Recommended,257970,8759728,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Sedina,"A surprisingly fun, simple game that's almost completely polished."
76561198030546726,Recommended,257970,8863667,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Gaudron,"Loren The Amazon Princess is an amazing RPG true to the genre, with a very well written history and plot, characters loveable and i found myself quite suprised to feel immersed in the game despite the lack of any vocal dialog and detailed animations. The game is incredible, but not without it's flaws :The Combat system is very basic and boring, strategy isn't a big part and is quite hard to execute for not great results, also making the replaybility of the game rather low, since you only do it for the different choices/endings.The three stats are also very restrictive and don't benefit much of changing the Strengh=>Warrior, Skill=>Thief and Will=>Mages.The impossibility of choosing the Main Character's Class, so you're stuck with the ''Hero'' class and leaving him to do solely Healing/Buffing/Rez. Though the idea is good, i would have liked to have a choice on that point."
76561198033019491,Recommended,257970,9829388,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Ohio9,"Loren is a shining example of how you don't need a massive budget or an overly complex system to create a wonderful game.  Even though the events are mainly text-based and combat is a simple as it gets, Loren managed to provide the user with hours upon hours of fun.Mainly it does this through a combination of excellent characters with deep tactical combat.  The amount of sub-classes and skills sets are quite impressive.  Even though heavy grinding isn't a requirement, I found myself doing a lot of it just because I wanted to unlock higher level skills.  It also optimizes the team concept by forcing the player to utalize the best combination of characters on the battlefield that mutually support each other.  For example, the theif class has limited effectiveness against healthy enemies.  But inflict a negative status (like poison or confusion) on an enemy and suddenly your theif will a turn into top-quality killing machine against them.  As such, it's important to team them up with characters who specialize in status abnormality inflicting attacks.  Likewise, there are all sorts of ways to tip the odds in your favor, such as using your front line brutes to absorb damage aimed at your weak mages in the back row.All this is aiding by outstanding enemy AI.  In fact, it's some of the best AI I've ever seen in a turn based, back row/front row RPG.  There is nothing random about the enemy attack or defense patterns.  They will target your weakest characters in the back row with consecutive waves of long range attacks, mercilessly pummel your most badly injured soldiers in the front row, and assign guards to absorb the damage their own mages and healers when you start to significantly hurt them.And of course the main thing that makes this game work is the excellent amount of diverse characters.  They are all quite diverse and unique, and you'll find yourself caring about all of them.  They have a wide range of different skills on the battlefield and different personalities off it, keeping the game immersive and entertaining the whole way through.There are a few key weak points.  One is that that amount of characters you get (14) is disproportionate to the number of troops who can take part in battle (6).  It is quite frustratining to have to leave over half your team on the ""sidelines"" in combat.  Not only that, but the fact that Loren and your playing character have to be involved in almost every fight besides random encounters meant I found myself doing a lot of extra grinding just to keep everyone's levels up to par.  Thankfully this is somewhat mitigated by a large number of ""iron man"" events where you face a series of consecutive battles without recovering stamina or health between each one, thus forcing you to use your ""backup"" characters as well as your primary ones.Also, while the Amazon culture of Loren is quite unique and interesting, the rest of the game is just an endless series of fantasy cliches:  Dwarves with long beards and big axes, Wizards with long beards, white robes, and big staffs, Elven assasins, a dark lord returned from the dead who seeks to conquer the world for some obscure reason.  Don't ever think of starting a drinking game based on every cliche you find in this game that you've seen before, or you'll become an instant alcoholic.Loren the Amazon Princess isn't for everyone.  You need to really be into turn based combat, have an active imaginatino to make up for the lack of animation and graphics, and have a high tolerance for generic fantasy worlds full of Elves, Dwarves, and Humans antagonizing each other.  But if those apply to you, then you really can't go wrong with this title."
76561198059637592,Recommended,257970,12788381,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Trevein,"""Baldur's Gate-lite"". Seriously, character interactions and romances feel very alike, even the camp mechanic is there. And combat, despite being easy, does make you think, a rare occasion today. World exploring is poor, and the game lacks strategic warfare like in Neverwinter Nights 2 (it would be a blast if it had!). But immersion is still great, thanks to good art and dialogues.Small but great game. Definitely worth its price."
76561198002555011,Recommended,257970,12881953,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,MattyVanHalen,"Disclaimer:  This is not a Princess game.  You don't play dressup as a Princess.  You don't marry Princes.  You don't kiss frogs.  Before judging, just read the review and give the game a shot.  Also, don't take my short playtime into account, as Steam was bugged for this for some reason.  I have over 15 hours logged into this game.Loren the Amazon Princess is a roleplaying game with a strong emphasis on storyline, almost in the form of a ""choose your own adventure"" novel.  It is backwards narrated in a very unique way, going back and ""remembering"" this epic story of Loren (the main character), and her companion--the character that YOU play.  In case you're confused, you actually play as the main character's companion, not the main character herself.  A very odd concept, but very refreshing.Throughout the game, you travel in search of your lost mother, the Queen of the Amazons, and the story unveils itself through the journey.  As you are leaving your Citadel for the first time in your life, you find foreigners (elves, dwarves, humans, etc) and other strange folk along the way, often wanting to join your party or asking for help, or interacting with you in some way or another.Like all roleplaying games, you will gather quests through storylines, complete quests and kill monsters for experience, and level up your party how you see fit.  And your party, while mentioned, consists of members that are multi-classed.  For example, as you create your playable character, he or she can become a Warrior/Hero, or perhaps a Thief/Hero.  On your journey, you may find a Mage/Elementalist, or perhaps a Warrior/Berserker.  This gives you the customization to build your party how you wish, giving a strong complement to your team.  As you level up, you add attribute points into Strength, Skill, and Willpower, and choose feats every two levels.I will be honest--this game took me by surprise.  It is a fantastic game that sucker punched me right in the mouth, and you will soon find yourself pretty deep into the storyline.  The combat is just unique enough to keep a veteran roleplaying gamer satisfied, as you fight by rows and columns.  Furthermore, the ability to set up camp and talk to members of your party gives the player a very relaxed feel as he or she gets to know more about who they are grouping with.I most certainly recommend this game, and its DLC, as it has a great storyline, simple, yet fun combat, decent character customization, a fantastic soundtrack, and sets you on a very fun epic journey.  It is for sure a great addition to any gamer's library, and will surely quench the satisfaction from any RPG'er.I rate this game an 8.1 / 10"
76561198052480185,Recommended,257970,12228990,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Social Justice Assassin,"This is a fun fantasy roleplaying game with lots of interesting characters and plot twists. I especially loved the different histories the player character could have, and the many ways you could play her or him."
,Not Recommended,257970,11111264,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,milky bear,"This game honestly gets boring quite fast. I don't know if I've played enough or not, but for the price I paid for it I honestly expected it to be a bigger game-the map just feels so tiny. My biggest gripe with this game is the difficulty level. Normal mode is too hard for me, and easy is way too easy. A child could play it, since all you need to win in easy mode is click around. Normal mode however, is virtually impossible for some battles. It's ridiculous.The only thing I do like about this game however, is the characters themselves and the relationship system. Other than that this game is pretty boring to play."
,Recommended,257970,22541328,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Lyonesse,"[Neutral Review]Although I have dropped it before completing my first playthrough, I must recognize that ""Loren, The Amazon Princess"" is an amazing mix between a turn-based RPG and a Visual Novel with romance elements. If you enjoy any kind of tabletop RPG, especially the medieval fantasy ones, you'll love Loren's gameplot: there'll be a great variety of well-described Elves, Orcs, Amazons, Witches, Wizards, Necromancers, Slaves, Dwarves, Dryads and many other typical characters from classic RPG present in Loren.The turn-based RPG mechanic of the game is simple and grants lots of fun. A full playthrough has about 10 hours if you aren't a slow reader or thorough RPG player. Sadly for me, as the game progressed, I feel a bit tired of the repetitiveness of the battles and decided to drop the game. Also, the romance mechanic feels a bit disconnected (it's more like optional) from the main plot and reinforced my repetitiveness feeling. That was only my personal experience, but I think the game is pretty good and worth your time anyway."
76561198056805938,Recommended,257970,25229472,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Perles75,"This is a cute little game that exceeded my expectations (which were, frankly quite low to begin with).Mind you, a good part of game time is spent on battles, which are ok (intuitive to play, but after some time they are kind of the same - when I was getting bored I knew it was time to quit the game for that day). However, the story tying the game up is linear (don't expect hundreds of paths and game endingS) and set in a very classic fantasy setting, but well written, pleasant to read and with some intense moments. The characters, also usually very well written, have some moments of unexpected depth; the moments when you chat with them at camp, even if usually scripted, provide a nice interlude and give roundness to the characters. The (multiple) slow-burning romances are a welcome addition and they feel ""earned"" at the end. Pity that there is not much interaction -between- the various members of the group. The game drops some lines here and there acknowledging your choices (mainly regarding romance), which is also a minor way to get immersion. Pity it's somehow broken during the Zeal-Morte-vampires part.Graphics is basic but pleasant."
,Recommended,257970,24225868,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,XxLoopyYoshixX,"10/10! The casual combat system was fun and never got too dull, the art is beautiful and character design stunning, the writing is entertaining and the romances totally blush worthy. The available option of playing as either male or female is definitely a positive as well. One of the best visual novels here on steam for sure!"
,Recommended,257970,33490453,Posted: 12 July,all,yokoelf,"A ""visual novel-like"" game with some turn-based combat and decisions that leads to different outcomes. To me it was an immersive experience, the characters are nice and likable. If you like this style of game I definitely recommend."
76561198062710598,Recommended,257970,31545456,Posted: 4 May,all,Thenais,"i really enjoyed this game, it's simply well done.+ lot of characters : i'm loving it :p+lots of items to customize the characters ( i read that you planed to restrict the number of item slots in your futur games, plz dont be too drastic because playing around with a ton of different stuff gives replayability to the soft imho)+ music+ character design+ combat system is fun- we cant kick rei from the group XD ( i can't stand him ! )- cant create a mage saren/eleanor (this character is always the worst in my team, it's sad)- monster design is quite average (especially a♥♥♥♥♥♥faced orc :p )"
76561198027177373,Not Recommended,257970,9091620,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Bwindi,"I have played ""Planet:Stronghold"" and that was quite good. But this game fails in its combat-system. I've stopped playing it because it became are boring clicking-job without any (and I mean really ""ANY"") form of challenge.  It's so boring I don't care to finish it.  I've choosen the hardest level but even then  the only thing my heroes could loose was a little bit of their make up.I don't mind turnbased, static combats. I'm a huge fan of Heroes of Might and Magic III and you can't call that an action game.But this game is way to easy.If an activitity starts to be boring and you are not being paid for it, it's time to do something else.Great pictures, lame gameplay."
76561198072452560,Not Recommended,257970,13665669,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,thegreenoak,Small and relatively simple game. Buy during rebates only.
76561197973967367,Recommended,257970,8872834,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,templar,very good story reminds me of classic rpg gamves very well done story line.
76561198098417443,Recommended,257970,33636407,Posted: 18 July,all,Mysti_Fogg,"Loren is an entertaining little game.Compared to most RPGs, it plays quickly, which is to its advantage since the combat is bland. On the positive side, however, there are very few pointless fights with underlings. You usually can face the boss in 1-2 battles, moving on to the next part of the story.The tale is written well enough, with a high level of replayablity. The player character will have different reactions based on being male and human or female and elf, obviously, but will also face difference based both on past occupation (there are 4 depending on the combo of class and workplace), and favored verbal approach (there are 3: Joking, Friendly, and Forceful). There's also a choice early on to work with either humans or elves, and that changes the first chapter of the story significantly, though it still dumps you back on the same main plotline.The best part of this game is the characters. They have entertaining personalities as you get to know them better. And if you choose to romance them you'll get a good number of cut scenes that fill out their personalities. The best is probably our heroine, Loren, and the Amazon culture you're both a part of. Whether or not you romance her, she's the most rounded character in the game.The game has between 3 and 5 different endings (depending on if you have the DLC), and lots of  minor variations based on the choices you make related to the group.I'll also praise the incidental music for this story. It's appropriate and enjoyable. I can listen to it for hours.I give it 4 out of 5 stars.I think most of the complaints from other reviewers are related to not enjoying the blending of rpg and visual novel, which is entirely understandable. The visual novel aspect destroys most of the action associated with modern rpgs. And the rpg aspect adds the problem of grinding to a visual novel. Loren is the best example of this kind of blending that I've seen, thus the high score, but I wouldn't recommend it for everyone."
76561198053428824,Recommended,257970,28382981,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ahnkra,"This was a refreshing little gem of a find.  Being a fan of CYOA's and VNs I was pretty sure I'd enjoy the game before I bought it.  Honestly the only hold out I had was the price.  My expectations for games like these is around 2-3 hours of reading enjoyment, what I got was alot more.Its like the old school games of yore where My characters developed skills, instead of me = )  Dont get me wrong I love watching games like FarCry and Witcher, but alas im in my 40's now and find my finger twitching skills and reaction time are seriously lacking to play those kind of games. So its refreshing to find a game where Im put back in the familiar role of guiding my characters into becoming the awesome monster smashers of legend, rather than trying to time a 3 hit combo that my rag doll will only carry out sucessfuly, If i do lol.  That's not to say this game is overly easy.  On my first play through I had to replay a couple of battles multiple times (5-10ish each) because I had chosen the wrong characters to take into the battle and they just werent quiet up for the job, and this was on normal setting!  On my second play through I actually got myself stuck in a completely unwinnable battle ( 6 mobs on three chars, with mobs having dbl the hp and mana of my group) and after 30 mins of trying I decided to give up and load a save before the fight, only to discover i hadnt saved in over 6 hours, Doh!I highly recomend this game for anyone who enjoys CYOAs, Visual Novels and or Strategy RPGs."
76561198018537483,Recommended,257970,9312394,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Pure Anger,"Now, this is a good game! People should learn from this and put just as much effort into the story like the developer of this game.  My recommendation for this game is well earned.I won't forget this game and it will have a special place in my gamelibraryIf you are a fan of visual novel with rpg/strategy element, this game won't be a dissapointment.The story is great, the gameplay is good and the experience will last forever. Give it a chance."
76561197992229015,Not Recommended,257970,33761861,Posted: 24 July,all,Dire,"Story: So far quite boring and bland. Doesn't really grip me. Forced myself to play this far.Characters: Oh my. More stereotypes could NOT exist. Sexy Amazon princess, ""wise"" slave girl/boy, old wizard, snarky dwarf rogue, aggressive dwarf, smooth wizard, sworn protector, seductive succubus, wily goblin and a cliché demon lord. Meh. Ok, but nothing to write home about or be proud of to be honest.Gameplay: This is my biggest gripe. Actions happen so fast that you can barely decipher what the enemy lineup is doing. Combos between your own heroes are difficult, since they are all chance based (daze an enemy, use another ability to inflict more damage...and I believe afair that you can't look up the combo modifiers in a fight) basically. Combat itself is presented in a very boring way, but that was to be expected and I don't hold that against the game.Visuals: The drawings are serviceable, but nothing special and lack ""impact"" as they are repeated often.Sound: This could definitely be better.Inventory management: Yes, this gets a separate mention, because it's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,257970,30804379,Posted: 28 March,all,Tyberos the Red Dank,"Honestly surprised at the quality and polish of this game. Took me 20hrs to beat. It got a bit grindy at times, and the English wasn't perfect. But it told an excellent story with likeable characters. Definitely worth it, especially on a sale.Should add that the DLC was a surprisingly good addition and not at all a throw away money grab. Do recommend."
,Recommended,257970,8942019,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,HonorableBard,A great Visual Novel with an ok turn based strategy gameplay. The first time I played through the game the gameplay felt a little boring near the end. Luckily after you beat the game you can skip through those sequencies and just enjoy the story or vice versa if you just want the gameplay you can press tab and skip  dialogue. I'ld give it 8.5/10.
76561198042864202,Recommended,257970,8740803,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Materia User,"I'd say the screenshots don't really do this game justice. They look like a flash game but this is better than any of those that I have played.Kinda neat and different is that the choices you make for your hero is not actually the main character. You can customize her too, but ""you"" are more like her bodyguard.Some may not like that since they feel like they should be the main character but I found it refreshing.Battles are intuitive and customization for each character is different. Character development is pretty rich here, almost all (if not all) the characters grow from when you meet them and start with very different personalities.You can also romance almost all of them (even same genders if you wanted)I'd say the characters are the strongest part of the game. The plot itself is a bit standard but the characters are entertaining and the combat is good.If your into old school RPG turn based style combat with some light strategy, you will like this. If you wanted real time action rpg - then this ain't it."
,Not Recommended,257970,10227240,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,imaginaryideals,"The comparisons to Dragon Age are what made me buy this game. However, it isn't nearly as polished and lacks the twists and depth of DAO had. I wasn't expecting it to be perfect, but it certainly fell short of expectations.Most of the characters in this game don't have varied dialogue styles. As a result, they come off as having been written by the same person. Rather than having distinguishing characteristics, they seem very archetype based and lack further depth. Dialogue choices don't really give the player a feeling of control or influence in the game, unlike in DA:O.The gameplay is largely uninteresting. The game has two parts: dialogue and encounters. The former tends to feel forced-- some of the dialogue scenes are better written than others, but overall one tends to feel railroaded and loses very little skipping through dialogue scenes to the end.Encounters are largely predictable, especially once having settled into a routine. Turn based dice rolling with few animations makes encounters a matter of how fast you can spam commands to get through them. There is no overhead positioning strategy, simply front and back rows and a few types of combination attacks.For the price, I would say this game is not worth it. If it came down, it might be."
,Recommended,257970,13000145,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,SuperStarAD,"Loren is a fun combination of fantasy RPG and visual novel. The story is well-written and your choices truly influence your experience of the story! This is hands down the best visual novel I've ever played.I enjoyed it so much the first time on easy mode, playing as the elf female, that I decided on a second playthrough (despite having 100+ other games in my Steam library). Now I'm playing on hard difficulty mode as the human male, making different choices than before, and while the overall story arc is the same, the events and viewpoint are completely different than my first playthrough. And it's such a joy because I didn't know that there was this whole other layer to the game's story until I started playing the second time.The turn-based combat is enjoyable as well. The battles are way easy on easy mode, and appropriately anxiety-inducing in hard mode. There's lots of cool skills and spells you can learn as you level up.The conversations at the camp with your party members are interesting and can lead to romance if you make the right choices in dialogue. Gay and lesbian relationships are possible. And having no romance is possible.Graphics, music, sound effects, gameplay mechanics, are all fine.I highly recommend Loren for lovers of RPGs and visual novels."
,Not Recommended,257970,12882676,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ArchmageXin,"I found the game to be very average, to say the very least.[Spoiler below]Yes, it is unusual for you to begin as a slave for a Amazon Princess and travel with her, but the innovation just stop right there. The story is your classic ""Dungeon and Dragons vs demonic evil,"" but it goes little beyond that.Events often made little to no sense-For example, your naive warrior princess walk into a bar...start a fight, kill 6 town's guards. No repercussion. 5 minutes later, the evil goblin lord showed up at your bedroom, start a fight...and after his minion dies, transform their corpses into town's guards...and then you are arrested. And of course, no need for any sense of mystery: cue to the dark lord sitting on a volcano with his succubus.It couldn't get more cliched if the princess end up finding a magic sword that made her the choosen one...wait, she do that too within like 10 mintues into the game.Frankly, this is like straight out of a saturday morning cartoon from the 90s.The other problems include:-Too many NPCS-Most RPG these days let you update your ""bench team"" with exp even if they weren't in the fight. Thus avoiding certain NPCs falling behind. Not this game. They gave you 6 slots, but in the 2.5 hours I played this game I already encountered at NPCs. So at least two guys would have to be ""benched"" or constantly rotated.-Stats don't appear to matter beyond the ""primary stats-So to be honest, a cliched story, a poor designed game mechanic is definitely not worth $20."
76561198106165594,Recommended,257970,9759724,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Maximus,"I have nearly 2 hours in so far. I would like to start by saying that I have never played a visual novel based game before, and I generally try to avoid reading a lot of dialogue in games. Usually, I just like going in for the action, the loot, etc.However, Loren The Amazon Princess has changed that. I really love how the story is turning out. I also like how the characters are alive! There is a lot of emotion and detail in how characters interact with each other. It really brings you into the world.Once you start playing the game you just cannot put it down. The story and character interaction brings a lot of curiosity and entertainment.Despite the awesome story and great character interaction, the game also has a fun and simple combat system, a nice GUI, and a fun leveling system. Although I haven’t got far enough, the loot seems to look promising based on screenshots.In conclusion, I rate Loren The Amazon Princess a 10/10 based on what I have experienced. There are very few games that will capture my interest enough to read all of the dialogue, and this game is one of them. Great story, great characters, and a fun rpg system. 10/10!"
,Recommended,257970,8866122,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Commissar Taco [GM],Ballin'.
76561198111670519,Recommended,257970,8825778,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,sbublava,Very nice!
,Not Recommended,257970,23938907,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Dragonzflyte,"Personally, I found Loren is relatively dull. The whole point of ""choose your own adventure"" stories (tends) to be the exploration of different perspectives and storylines, but this game fell rather flat, to me. There are spelling and grammar mistakes, as well as a fairly flat storyline. I also found the chosen font / background colour combination ended up giving me a headache, though that's more a personal medical issue.I tend not to play a game for it's romance options, but for it's three dimensional characters, exploration of societial norms and unique artistic choices; Loren delivers none of those. On the flip side, I've been informed before that my tastes can be rather peculiar, so if you're into the more normative rpg(ish) game, you just might like Loren. (I guess.)"
76561198023482040,Recommended,257970,8796759,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,JediKnStelon,"I have enjoyed this story-book RPG very much.The music is nice, the artwork is nice, and the storyline feeds the imagination.For the lack of combat animation, the game delivers much in-depth dialog."
,Recommended,257970,8803741,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Blasto,"Pretty decent game.  The story is very 'Dragon Age: Origins,' and while it was pretty generic, I found the characters entertaining enough to more than make up for it.  The combat is a bit dull initially, but it picks up after the first chapter once you have more characters to play around with and abilities to use.If I have any complaints, it's the lack of customization of the main character's class.  The shared class skill trees struck me as particularly lacking, and the main character's special class skill tree really seems to pigeon-hole you into what you can and can't do.Overall, I'd say give it a go, there's a demo available on the developer's site.  If I was buying it again, I'd wait for at least 33% off on a sale."
76561198043677632,Recommended,257970,8851439,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,SPICE,"This was easily one of the most fun and engaging games I've ever played. I couldnt help but get wrapped up with all the characters, there is amazing writing behind this game. I highly recommend it to anybody who loves story based games."
76561198101799498,Recommended,257970,8822205,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Maniacal Laugh,"Love this game been playing it for 2 and half days none stop the romance system has a great build system,you really feel like the charectars are falling for each each. charectar intearaction and the turn based battle system was my favourite parts of this game my only wish was more of them! what would be a nice addition is a friendship bar as well. i was saddened that eleanor loses loran in the epiloge woud be nice when loran loses they are exiled together or something."
76561198006643602,Recommended,257970,28350253,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Rand Al Thor,"Enjoyable story, and enjoyable combat, Plus its got romance for every flavor out there, well whort a try :)"
,Recommended,257970,26059345,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kelliente,"Based on the preview artwork and the knowledge there is a scantily clad option for the main characters, I went into this game worried it would be one big female rpg cliche. Instead, I was rewarded with perhaps the best western visual novel I've played. the writing is very strong and the characters are complex. There's no obviously right answer for most of the choices, which is fun because that means you can play your pc as a real personality, not a cardboard cutout of a ""good"" or ""bad"" avatar. You can play as a woman or man and there are romances of all styles. The combat doesn't feel that repetitive, which I was surprised by. Encounters feature variations of a handful of enemy types and spells, but they behave with just enough intelligence and variety to make even late game encounters challenging.I highly recommend this game for fans of visual novels or anyone who loved spending time in camp in Dragon Age: Origins getting to know your companions."
,Recommended,257970,8864116,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"As most visual novels, ""Loren The Amazon Princess"", is reading material. That means that you'' actually have to take your time to  r e a d things. You know, funy strokes that go by for writing. Anyway, sticking to the genre, this game is low on special effects and heavy on reading on story telling. The entire game is basically a click fest to read through the story.Now and then you get into a turned based fight and although presented in a simple form, they can be very entertaining.At certain points you'll get the opportunity to choose a branch, or different angle, concerning the story and developments. Attack, sneak, laugh, cry, start a romance have some wicked hi-res HD hardcore porn scene.. although, no that last one is not in there. Which is actually a good thing.The writing and graphics match up and tell a nice story and if you're not afraid to read a good ""book""..; go get this.It's very entertaining and well written in an easy to ""swallow"" way. Okay, sometimes the things being told are a bit off, or too much, but the general quality is very pleasing. Especially due to the length, lots of content, interesting characters and dialogs."
76561198054970301,Recommended,257970,26400937,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,(ﾐⓛᆽⓛﾐ) OHNO CAT,"The art in this game is beautiful, and the only thing better than the art is the writing. I'm not much for visual novel-esque games, but I had to make an exception for this. Without spoiling anything, I'll say that the story is just plain amazing, even if it's a bit cliched.You're saving the world. It's been done a billion times. It's a fantasy world. Done a billion times. But the real meat of the story is in the character interactions, and they felt very fresh to me; even if I could see a hint of certain archetypes, they were handled very well. The characters felt alive to me, they felt real, and that is important in any story.The music was only so-so. Not good, not bad. When I play through it again--and I'm pretty sure this game is going to be good for 3 or 4 playthroughs--I'll probably mute the music, and play something else.Gameplay was fun, though. The battles were simple, without being boring, and the interface intuitive and easy to understand. Plus, you have the option to skip random encounters, which can be annoying.Good stuff, guys, good stuff. You've made a rich, vibrant world, and I hope to see more games in this setting.(Spoilers follow) to be honest, if you did a kickstarter or something, I'd throw fifty bucks towards seeing a game that stars the son/daughter of Saren and Chambara going off on magical adventures, and exploring the world.  But I'm crazy like that."
76561198078447760,Recommended,257970,10600849,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Magic Shroom,whelp that was awsome *zips up pants* 20/10 would fap to again
,Recommended,257970,8739341,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,- nel -,"Good and long story, a good variety in customization and choicesworth buying"
,Not Recommended,257970,8828710,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Milky,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. It's another lesson in the fact that, in the wake of Greenlight, there's an increasing number of sub-par games on Steam. First things first, I've played a few visual novels - Analogue, Hate Plus, and the school-related one by the same author. Those were all great.Loren has long, boring conversations evident immediately from the beginning. The story and dialogue reads like someone's sexual fanfiction with the rampant sexism that seems to be portrayed for laughs or as of no consequence and blatant relationships that feel less like hero and loyal servant (like Frodo and Sam) and more like bizarre dom/sub sexual fetishism. If that isn't enough, this is where Loren, the titular hero, seems incredibly naive up-to-and-including the fact that she doesn't know who her city's nearest neighbour is.The writing is so cringe-inducing that I didn't even get to try the combat system. Avoid, avoid, AVOID."
76561197973952918,Recommended,257970,9046294,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,blu_light16,"Much like a Japanese visual novel, Loren the Amazon Princess is an RPG with a wonderful story and an emphasis on pursuing romance. Most of the game involves clicking through well-written dialogue and making the occasional choice, but there is also combat; the turn-based battles function like a card game, as there are no 3D models or complex animations. The result is fast and rewarding, with no boring excesses like grinding or waves of enemies. The excellent soundtrack, gripping story, and memorable characters make Loren the best game of this style that I've ever played.(Rating: 8.5/10 ""Excellent"")"
,Recommended,257970,8907856,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Katryona,"I truly enjoyed and am enjoying this game. If you enjoy a nice story, romance and some fighting action, this might be the game for you!I love the different personalities of the party members and opponents. And I think this game has a great and positive message.To me it is addictive and reminds me of great fantasy stories, but in this case with a better gender balance. Also it gives romantic options hetro, lesbian and gay, which I think is great!"
76561198007318293,Recommended,257970,9212870,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Fletcho,"Amazing story, good decisions. Do yourself a favor, BUY THIS GAME. (and play the suggested content version from their site, once you purchase off steam)"
76561198023519829,Recommended,257970,9021891,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Silvernis,"Overall, this is an enjoyable title — not the bestest thing ever, but certainly decent. The story is typical sword-and-sorcery fare (demon lords, bickering humans and elves, prophecies, etc.), but most of the time, it's still engaging enough to keep you playing. The characters are a mixed bag; some of them are actually pretty interesting, some of them are forgettable. The writing is also mixed. The dialogue tends to be snappy and organic, but the narration can get seriously cheesy.The combat is . . . OK, I guess. Mixing characters and builds can be interesting, but things get a bit tedious after a while.My biggest issue with this game is the price. It's not a bad game, but there just isn't enough content or variety to justify a $20+ price tag.(Edit: I used my Steam version to unlock the demo version. Steam didn't log my playtime in that version, but I put plenty of hours into the game.)"
76561198002530703,Recommended,257970,24098628,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ghizguth,"Loren Princess Amazon is a text heavy adventure featuring the straightforwardness of mechanics related to JRPGS and a plot with decent enough consequences through the player’s choices and actions to have the potential to be meaningful despite its narrative shortcomings. And with such a large cast of characters, there are bound to be even just a few peeking the player’s interest. On top of that, the art style combined with a slightly above average musical score will satisfy but the most cynical and bitter of players.While hearing what the characters had to say, seeking them out at camp, I was pleasantly reminded of Dragon Age Origins, or even Mass Effect, roaming around the ship, hoping not to miss a hiding or forgotten line of dialogue here and there. That’s a good sign, in my book.Believe it or not, I wasn’t actually drawn because by the allure of sexual, or ‘suggestive’ content. In truth, it was the storytelling twist of being a follower of the main protagonist rather than the protagonist himself that intrigue me enough to seek out this game.I was slightly disappointed on that front: I believe the overall plot could have been better. There was more potential here. And I mean no insult when saying that the writing could be improved too. God knows I couldn’t come up with something as good, and yet, there clearly are moments where the writing falls short, where the uninspired names and hand-waved explanations of plot-points felt more at home coming from the mouth of an eager but unprepared Dungeon Master of a D&D game.Some characters are little more than rehashes of others, found in better works, and the same goes for a scene or two here and there. The overarching plot is nothing to write home about either and the music, as nice as it is, doesn’t seem to be implemented all that well, being conspicuously absent sometimes, or worse just unfit with the tone of the story at other times… and yet, the game still manages to catch and keep my attention. It ‘clicks’, not always, not consistently, but there is something that works here.Great moments of character development sadly follow anime tropes of irrational fits of anger from the cast, which don’t always seem to sit right all that well considering the context. But so much happens, comes and goes, that it is hard to hold a grudge, and the bad lines are quickly forgotten in my mind for the greater moments between the characters. The romance subplots absolutely come into play here, for better or worse. The sexual content however, which is rather tame when compared to games like Huniepop for example, is not gonna make or break the game for anyone I believe.If there is one thing I really would hold against ""LAP"", it is the grind in the battle system. The combat system in itself is fine, and the talents and weapons are good enough, but the battles themselves are too repetitive. It wouldn’t be so much of a problem if the plot didn’t force the player to use certain characters at times, unannounced before it is too late to prepare obviously, meaning that a certain level has to be kept for the whole party to avoid certain death later on. Peculiar, and a little bit frustrating as well as annoying. Luckily there is a cheat mode after beating the game, allowing the player to skip all battles on subsequent playthroughs, yay!Sadly, this doesn’t help with the recycling of most areas and enemies, and even NPC’s for that matter: some being simple blatant recoloring of others. Corners needed to be cut I’m sure, but it still does the game no favor in the end.I would certainly recommend the game to those already initiated in text adventures and/or fans of JRPG’s, and despite a certain replayability, the price tag for ten hours of gameplay might be a bit high, especially if you consider the grindy bits. No, not those.The game offers multiple endings but the original one, pre-DLC, should be the one first-time players aim for. The DLC sets up the sequel but it actually undercuts quite a lot of tension too, changing the inherent drama of the ending, even cheapening it. It’s a nice option, don't get me wrong, but perhaps not one for the first playthrough. The whole plot works better as a framing device for other people, for the followers, for those who would take a bullet for ya, and actual do, and how others now have to live with that. That, holds meaning."
76561198399369126,Not Recommended,257970,35399464,Posted: 1 October,all,dwidjojo,"I'm not sure how to rate this game. I found the story line to be juvenile and somewhat predictable. Though the game allows LGB relationships, somewhat touch on male/female gender bias, along with having female protagonist... at time I get a sense this game perpetuate these bias instead of the other way around. It's almost like they let LGB relationships and choose female protagonist for the sake of expanding their audience while also insert insult along the way.In the other hand it seems like they put effort on making the ""choice game"" more actionable by letting users to fight enemies thru turn based game. Artworks were okay and music kinda grow on me after awhile.Generally speaking I feel this game is made for teenagers/ adult ""teenagers"". It's full of superficial fluff to entice people but in the end it's empty and doesn't really have an identity other than typical story of hero/heroine kicking the bad guy♥♥♥♥♥(boring). In the end, I can't whole heartedly recommend this game. I don't even know if I care to try different choices. You have been warned."
,Recommended,257970,9053069,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,灰观散人,Just play it.
76561198096843310,Not Recommended,257970,9910193,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Crabby Appleton,"This is really more of a Graphic Novel than a game. But it is not well written. It reads like something from the 50's that was aimed at forth grade girls - with illustrations designed to appeal to sixth grade boys.I bought it because another member whose opinion I used to value recommended it. He was wrong. If you want a schmaltzie ""love story""... get a Harlequin Romance at a used book store. If you want well drawn pictures of scantily dressed females... there is an abundant supply (free) on any number of web-sites.The ""battles"" are so limited in scope that they would be laughable - IF the game was free. To charge for this what-ever-it-is seems almost criminal."
76561198031371692,Not Recommended,257970,9351310,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,grimjac100,"Don't waste your money. There are free browser games available that are just as, or more, entertaining."
76561198089205656,Recommended,257970,12681962,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,RikuoftheEarth,"An amazing story driven RPG that any RPG fan; old school or new, would love to play. It kinda feels like Fire Emblem and Dragon Age Origans had a beautiful hipster, indie baby. I love this game so much at only 2 hours in, I am super excited to play hours over hours of this game."
76561198080739539,Recommended,257970,8766436,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,lilyofempathy,"If you're looking for fast-paced action this isn't the game for you.But if you're looking for a game where you can sit back and enjoy dynamic characters, an interesting plot and lush scenery, then this is the game for you.Although there are things left to be desired as far as customization goes, I'd say it's not too noticable. Dialogue options are very limited, but I found that I quite liked the personalities of the characters anyway. Definitely an interesting game - hope to see more like it."
,Not Recommended,257970,22535750,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Asquian,"Unfortunately, while all the elements are here for an interesting game, the gameplay feels cobbled together, and the story is a little too cliche to keep my attention. A good effort, but alas one that doesn't appeal to me."
76561197997439296,Recommended,257970,10653657,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,merusalem,"Wow.Just having finished the game, I must say that I will never look at the Interactive Novel genre as I did before.The game made me laugh, cry and think. And it allowed me to choose a heroic tragic ending.BioWare, you found your master."
76561198040669155,Recommended,257970,11782570,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Helluvee,"Overall 6/10It's an ""old style"" RPG, with very basics graphics, simple combat and a cute storyline.Pros:- Very easy to understand while not too easy to win.- The storyline has some merit.- You can play it in a tiny window while doing other stuff or even on an ancient system.Cons:- It has no replaybility value of sorts, it somehow feels as a cheap fantasy novel.- The combat is really, really simple- Absolutely not an open world kind of gameIn a nutshell, if you get it at a very cheap price it's worth it, for a change and for something that doesn't require too much of an effort."
,Recommended,257970,12363767,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Chicken Hunter,I liked the story and the diffrent results you can get especially with the DLC!The combat is sadly very if you set a small amount of time to farm exp you will crush most enemies with ease but the combat is more to give the game som variety.If you think the concept of the story would be something you could like I would recommend that you get it.
76561197976737452,Not Recommended,257970,13084542,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,gettactical,"Until I can actually play the game, I cannot recommend it.  I have had an error where the game itself cannot locate the .exe which is clearly in the game folder.  The game dev's responses to my game breaking error have been close to nonexitstent.  Suggestions to turn off background programs including my antivirus were worthless, and further query was ignored.  Waste of money and time."
,Recommended,257970,24846383,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Jambatti,"Cool JRPG with a bit of everything - choices, flexible character development, turn based combat, multiple companions with unique personalities, romances...Story is nothing new(saving world from evil...again) but some twists will surprise you and would keep you interested.If you can tolerate non-standart drawing style and no voiceovers, you should definitely buy this."
76561198116746721,Recommended,257970,25265642,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,asleepsheep,"I just finished Loren the Amazon Princess, and wow.This game is good.The characters, the story, the combat... I want to play it again for the first time!"
,Recommended,257970,10273688,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Knight Solaire of Astora,"Good game all in all. Rather short, even with the expansion, as two playthtoughs have only been 16 hours, but I thuroughly enjoyed those playthroughs. The game feels more like a story than a game, and if that's your thing, then you're in luck. You get plenty of choices to keep you on your toes, and I'll admit, I cried a few times in some of the romance options. What can I say, I'm a softie.Art: 8/10 - Beautiful game, especially for the kind of game. Kind of sucks that there's no animations, as in some situations they would be alot better than character portraits standing there with text, but it's all really well drawn.Characters: 8/10 - Solid characters with believable motives.Gamplay: 7/10 - Basic gameplay, but manages to be strategic.Sound: 5/10 - I'll admit, 90% of the time I played muted. The songs aren't bad, but they're repeated frequently.Story: 9/10 - Enthralling story, kind of predictable at some points, but ends up being really well done. Not to mention all of the choices you get.All in all, I give it an 8/10. If they make a sequel, I'll buy it in a heart beat."
,Recommended,257970,10733570,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ffmoogle8,"This was a fun game, with good replay value if you like finding multiple endings - especially since you can enable Story Mode (basically cheat mode) after you beat the game once. If you want to find all the endings, the Story Mode/Skip Seen Dialogue combo is amazing, and will keep your head from exploding from all the repetition.Yes, exploding heads are bad... <-- name that badly re-worded reference!And while we're referencing it, yes - this can be compared to Dragon Age, although it's much smaller in scale.There's a system where certain decisions you make will effect the ending. I think some of the added content from the Deluxe Version also has an effect?And then there's the romance options. There are 6 in the regular version, 8 in the Deluxe Version, with different combinations of GxB, GxG, and BxB. 4 of the romance options prefer either Saren or Elenor, but the other 4 are open to either character you choose. And, if you romance someone, it's reflected in how the Epilogue changes.The dailogue is really well-done too. Dependinging on whether you choose Friendly, Joking, or Forceful, you get different reactions from people, and most of it is pretty entertaining. :)The biggest difference between the two games is the battle system. In Loren it's turn based, like what you would see in an older Final Fantasy set-up.I definitely suggest getting the Deluxe Version of this game. Without it, there are 4 characters you won't get (2 of which are romance options). Check this one out if you like RPGs, games similar to Dragon Age, and/or games that have romance options. :)"
,Recommended,257970,10924294,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,OmicronEXE,"While the combat is a little more simplistic than I would like, overall this game was really fun and fairly well written."
,Not Recommended,257970,16939236,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Mnemophage,"You are on an adventure, and it's amazing and great and there's lesbian boobs and here's a branching path you can't do without the DLC."
76561198073120779,Not Recommended,257970,15858272,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ravennaromance,Not a very good game.  Boobs though.  Boobs enough to overcome the fact that it is not a very good game? No.
76561198037553902,Recommended,257970,22184412,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Azumath,+
76561198048496566,Recommended,257970,23527370,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Zachtrauben,"To be blunt, Loren is both painfully cliche and pointedly sincere. This isn't a game that will shock you or present many twists - the plot is dime-a-dozen with absolutely no twists, most of the cast are card board cut-outs, and combat is kind of a bore. If you've ever seen a RPG in the last fifteen years, then you're going to predict almost every twist by the end of the first fifteen minutes. This isn't a very good game if you're looking to be shocked or amazed. We've all seen this kind of game before. Similarly, combat is an absolute snooze, equipment is tedious to use, and there's a very good reason that the reward for beating the game is getting the option to skip combat entirely (to speed up future playthroughs).On the other hand, Loren is a cheerful send off to the genre and games of yore. It doesn't just try to embrace the trappings of 90s style RPGs and dating sims -  it actively adores them. There are no twists, everything is played straighforward, and almost every plot line development is strictly used to further the development of the characters. Similarly, characters might be very one-dimensional on their own, but most of the fun in Loren comes from seeing them bouncing off one another and interacting. The romance story lines  (of both the homoseuxal and heterosexual persuasion) are sweet and fun to watch, even if they may make your teeth rot in the process. If you're willing to wade through the terrible combat engine and wrestle with some of the more terrible plotlines, this is actually a very fun romp through video game days of yore."
,Recommended,257970,26965049,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TommyFunGunn,I play it for the story
76561198089933978,Recommended,257970,35005147,Posted: 16 September,all,Plutie,i really like the story in this game. nothing to complex but i really loved it.
,Recommended,257970,9063229,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Candesco,"First of all a little warning: this ain't the same like Legend of Grimrock, an other indie title where you can set up a party. You don't move the characters yourself here. It's more like the Eador games, in terms of gameplay. With the exception that this is a rpg (eador is strategy). So expect here alot of interactive pages instead of a world where you can move yourself. It's more a visual novel with some mechanics (like equip stuff).  If interactive pages bothers you and you rather want to make the action yourself, then skip this game.Loren is at first sight an interesting game. Rather then the hero itself you take the role of a servant (or more a slave actually)That will be either a human male or an elven female. After you have chosen one of those you then choose a class. A little complaint here. You can choose between warrior or thief. No option of chosing a mage, which is a bummer.You can then go to the castle or shop already, but main thing is the saving of the queen. So you soon leave. That's where the story begins then. It is divided into acts. You first begin in act I and the mainquest is saving queen karen. There are sometimes also some sidequests and you will also run into random encounters (which i know myself from neverwinter nights II). You also meet other people on your way and some of them will join your party. A good thing i find is the choices you have to made. At a certain moment you got into trouble and 2 partymembers offer each a solution. So which way do you go?The choice changes how the story will continue. You will encounter this more.  Often there is also an option of how you will react on a situation. You then have the choice of joking, friendly and forceful. Sometimes also romance, which happens often at places where a bed is (tavern for example). It reminds indeed a bit to the later action games like Mass Effect.And although it are only 3 options the outcome is different. I don't agree that this is tedious. It's just part of the game. That it doesn't always turn well makes it more interesting.Going to the next destination goes through a map, which reminds to neverwinter nights or the king's bounty games. But here you also have the option to going to a camp. At the camp you can talk with your party, including your master. This is actually very similar to the taverns in NWN or the campsite in Dragon Age:Origins.The combat here goes in turns, much like the King's Bounty games, only you don't have here a field. Instead just a page.There is one thing that bothers me. The claim of being hardcore and keeping old school rpg's alive with this game is a bold claim and also not true. Don't get me wrong, Loren the amazon princess is quite a fun game. But it's not the same like alltime classics as Planescape:Torment and Baldur's Gate. it's even not the same as Neverwinter Nights or Legend of grimrock.It ain't much hardcore. Still, i don't think that casual players will like it, as it ain't casual either. You have to think sometimes, especially when it comes to fighting. And probably casual players don't like numbers and that you have to allocate them.If it's worth it's price? From what i see so far i think so. And it's cheaper here on steam then on the site of the developer, which ask €5 more. I think €19 ain't bad, if you keep in mind that Eador: Master's of the broken world is also around that price and managing games like Football Manager from sports interactive cost even triple the price, while that one is just spreadsheets."
76561198065426361,Recommended,257970,9070445,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Nemesis,"The story in this game is pretty much awesome. I definitely recomend playing. Its written very well and the character development is something I enjoyed immensely, especially the the relationship development between Elenor and Karen ;)But if I had to choose the games biggest fault I would have to say it was the way you select how to respond in conversations.A lot of the time when interacting with party members your given three choices Joking, Friendy, or Forceful. Oh and Romantic as a forth for some conversations. My only issue with this is you really don't know what you're going to say so you might have to go back and do it over if you don't like the way the conversations is going. At least you don't necessarily have to reload every time to do so. You can use the mouse wheel or pg up/down. Other then that the conversations are still plenty interesting. As for the battles, they wern't too bad. The mages use their aoe spells and your front row can pretty much mop up any thing thats left. All in all I enjoyed it very much and look forward to the second one Reign of War Tales of Aravorn. Winter Wolves keep being awesome."
,Recommended,257970,9158831,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,The_Metal,"This game is not for everyone. That being said it is a well thought out story full of fun JRPG style gameplay.One of the core complaints regarding this game surround the developer's decision to remove risque content filtering from the offical release. While I understand the decision I feel as though the developers creative license was squashed over something that is essentially nonsense. The ""Risque"" content is manageable through a simple options selection and is turned off by default. There is nothing ""Pornographic"" about any of the original content.This is a game that is very much story based. The primary themes are focused on basic human interactions suck as Family, Loyalty, Companionship, and Intimacy. The combat portion of the game requires stratagey and can at times be difficult. Art also plays a key role in the presentation of the game. all graphical content is static. While this may cause some gamers to turn up their noses, the artistic quality of all of the images is supurb.This game is different but in a really good way. 8/10"
,Recommended,257970,9275305,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,beefsack,"Well polished visual novel / RPG hybrid, a fairly forgettable story but interesting characters and mechanics make this one a good play.  Theme has a similar vibe to it as Puzzle Quest did, an interesting fantasy setting.  Recommended."
76561198007404427,Recommended,257970,9807759,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,blindseye,"I played the demo and thought the game was ok, but when it came up for sale I bought it and now I can't stop playing it.  It is fantastic!  The writing is excellent.  If you have any doubts, you should jump on this game when it is on sale.  Knowing what I know now, I would pay full price.  Try the demo first, if you like this style of game, do not hesitate to buy it, as it only gets better.  The store vs inventory management system takes a while to get used to and could be helped by putting two columns of pictures instead of one and making that column scrollable via mouse wheel, and by being able to see store and inventory at same time to better compare items. As it is now you can hover over items in the store to see what they can wear and the changes in stats.  If you play it on hard most of the fights are still fairly easy to win, but there are the occassional boss fights that are difficult. Also you will eventually be forced by the story lines to use most if not all of your characters so you can't just focus on buyng the best things for some of them and only using the ones you prefer.  I have played it all the way through and it took me about 2 days, so there is a lot of content.  Plus it is very replayable as there are lots of branching decisions to make."
,Recommended,257970,10521855,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,yosituna,"One of the more fun indie games I've played recently, with nice 2D art and fun, albeit not incredibly original, RPG story and gameplay. This is a hybrid visual novel and RPG, which is an unusual combination and not for everyone; however, if either of those genres appeals to you, or you enjoy character-driven RPGs with romance options (such as Bioware's RPGs), it's definitely worth a try.Winter Wolves clearly takes bits and pieces from other game series they like; the game it is perhaps most indebted to is Dragon Age: Origins, as the camp system holds definite parallels, and the ability icons look like they could have been taken directly from that game. The story is fairly pedestrian high-fantasy, though with a few twists (such as playing not the destined hero, but her sidekick), and while the turn-based combat system is quite polished for an indie RPG, it offers nothing incredibly new.That said, while Loren is not the most innovative game in gameplay or plot, its mixture of VN and RPG is much rarer and works for the game. While it's not bringing a ton of new stuff to the table, what it does bring is executed well. The battle system is quite enjoyable (and has adjustable difficulty, which is always nice!) and the characters are overall fairly likable, though any party members you don't romance on a given playthrough - with a few exceptions, such as dwarves Dora and Ramas - will mostly remain ciphers until you do. The romance system is fairly nice, though, giving you a good amount of insight into your chosen character(s); it's also fairly inclusive in its options, with each protagonist (the male human Saren and the female elf Elenor) having four to six potential romance options (in the basegame, one heterosexual, one homosexual, and two bisexual options, divided evenly among genders; the expansion offers two more bisexual romances, one of each gender).Is it worth it? You can easily finish your first run through the game, doing everything it is possible to do (including DLC) in 15-20 hours, but Loren offers replay value through its multiple endings and romance routes. (It also offers cheats to help speed up replays once you've beaten it once, which is handy.) $20 would be fair for the deluxe version (especially as indie game development can't pay that well), but for just the basegame and no DLC, it's a bit steep. If you do get it, I would definitely recommend getting it via Steam just because it is a little cheaper than buying it from the developer's website. (And if you do buy it via Steam, the version from Winter Wolves' website will unlock itself with everything you have bought here, including DLC.) And the deluxe version of Loren is certainly worth picking up on a Steam sale, at the very least.P.S. One thing I should probably address is the fanservice outfits. The original version of the game included some rather scanty outfits for several of the main characters that could be changed to more modest covering through a Preferences setting. (Endgame romance scenes also came in near-nude/clothed versions.) The Steam version does not have this enabled, so you will by default be playing the covered-up version. That said, if you want the fanservice outfits, it's fairly simple; just download the demo from the developers' website, which will automatically unlock the full game and/or DLC if you've bought them through Steam, and then use that version to change the settings and save. Since the Steam and WW versions both share the location for saves and settings, changing the one will affect the other, and your Steam install will now have the fanservice outfits. (You'll have to go back to the WW version if you want to change back to the modesty outfits, but as you'll see, it's a fairly minor thing to have to do.)"
,Recommended,257970,10631274,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,trolltasm,"Let me start by saying two things: I love this game (it's one of my favorites), but it's not a game for everyone.I say that for several reasons.First of all, this is an otome/visual novel and RPG hybrid, so while there's a good bit of fighting and grinding to be had, there's a definite emphasis on character relationships. You have your choice of 6 potential mates--that's 3 men and 3 women for both Soren (the male MC) and Elenor (the female MC), or you always have the option of going it alone by ignoring any romantic dialogue. While you can trigger special subquests and dialogue, there isn't really a way to ""build"" friendships with other characters outside of this romantic interaction. Obviously, the otome element isn't ideal for everyone.You also have the choice of what personality you'd like to have (joking, tough, or nice) depending on the dialogue choices you make in the early phase of the game. That said, there's no other customization available for the MCs besides your choice of one of two classes and a selection of armor and weapons. You cannot modify their name, appearance, or personality beyond these elements.It's also an older style RPG, which means turn-based and a heavy focus on AoE (area of effect) spells and attacks. While you do have the ability in later chapters to roam the world map freely, several chapters prevent you from doing this and force you to follow the linear plot.While there also is a strong, central plot with some subplots and quests (many of which can be unlocked along with 3 additional party members on the Castle of N'Mar expansion pack), and decent quality writing, I do admit the game can drag out at times, both with the fighting and the plot elements.Despite its faults, however, this quickly became one of my favorite games due to both the nostalgic love of older-style games and high replay value, given the many different endings that can be unlocked both through character romance and different versions of the ending. No spoilers, but some of those endings can definitely be pyrrhic and deliciously, heart-wretchingly tragic.Ultimately, if you like old-style RPGs and you have patience and time to kill, it's worth the cost (though, admittedly, I got mine on sale half-off and felt it was definitely worth that). However, for those looking for a fast-paced game or stronger emphasis on the battle elements of the game, this probably isn't for you."
76561198122600640,Recommended,257970,10687325,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,GeekClown,Fantastic Choose-you-own-adventure type of rpg novel. Nice mechanic for battle and great that you can change the difficultly level at any time. Interesting characters that develop and grow. It's also nice that the choices you get don't always give the results you think they will- depending on your relationships with the current characters.Many things in my life did not get done once this was downloaded... I regret nothing!
76561198048574618,Recommended,257970,10694475,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,RPG at Will,"Loren the Amazon Princess makes up for its seemingly simple style with a wealth of content and decent combat system.  NOt only are all of your party emmebers unique in their individual stories, but the main story itself feels much more involved and interesting the more side content you decide to participate in.  Add in some nice small branching decisions and plentiful romantic options for both genders and you've got a great experience.I certainly recommend this game, but if you don't believe a review you can also check out my let's play on youtube under the RPGatWill handle.  Trust me, this game is worth its asking price."
76561198045895911,Recommended,257970,10781470,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,lisa,"I absolutely loved this game, and kudos to the developer for making this available for macs too!  I've made it through one playthrough and have to stop so I can get caught up on a bunch of work :PI really enjoyed the story, and just how many options there are (that whole replayability factor) for dramatically altering the storyline.  The battles also were not tedious, and there was no pointless grinding--unless you wanted to do so.There were a few things that could have been fine-tuned a bit more, but while they were slightly annoying, they weren't enough to keep me from enjoying the game.  These included:1) Buying equipment for the party, especially when it gets big, is a little tedious.  You have little checks that appear above each character's head if they can equip a piece.  However, you have to click on each character, then hover over each piece of equipment before you can see whether it's worth the investment.  On top of that, it's hard to keep the names of different pieces of equipment straight, so you're constantly checking the same pieces on the same characters.  A few things that would help with this are: a) no checks above a character if they have a piece equipped, b) something like a plus or minus indicator above a character's head, instead of the check, to show whether or not the piece of equipment is an improvement on what they already have, and c) stores that have set pieces of equipment.  Half the time, you exit out of a store, go back in, and hey, totally different equipment--and guess, what?  It's better than what you just bought.2) Some sort of indicator that shows, when you camp, whether or not someone has something to say to you.  I don't know how many times I clicked through every character only to have them give me the standard reply.3) The skill point system.  Sure, I'd love to have more points, like a point on every level, but that's probably not realistic :P  The bigger issue was the interconnectedness of leveling up skills.  I don't know how many times I wanted the next level of X skill, but it wasn't available until i unlocked Y & Z skills, which were skills I didn't want.  So essentially, you end up wasting those valuable skill points in order to finally get the skill you really wanted.But really, this is a fantastic game for those who love the story part of rpgs, but can't do the action combat that so many of them have turned to.   Now, if only they could figure out how to port the old-school jrpgs into mac verstions :P"
,Recommended,257970,11159614,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,KennaAtama,Suprisingly fun! Give it a try.
76561198062639175,Recommended,257970,11392418,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,taylo064,"Very enjoyable on the whole. This is a high fantasy rpg/choose your own adventure mix and for the most part it pulls it off.  The combat consist of your party versus an enemy party with both sides selecting abilities and targets in a turn-based manner. It ranges from serviceable to enjoyable depending on how long you've been playing but by the time your done you'll be edging toward boredom with the combat. That's not to say there's aren't tactic elements but the bare graphics and simplistic but perfectly functional U.I eventually get old. It also has some romance elements that are entirely optional and not a core part of the story.Other minor things to note. The basic sound effects aren't terribly good and I found myself listening to music within the first couple of hours. Characters are for the most enjoyable but one of my biggest issues is how the best one is part of the DLC. In fact, the DLC feels incredibly core to the main game to the point where I wouldn't recommend it without it. It adds much to the ending, a large side-quest and a significant number of characters to your party.Pros-Cool Characters and enjoyable story.-Choose your own adventure style decision trees.-Function core gameplay.Cons-DLC feels very much part of the main game. Would not recommend playing without.-Combat can become tedious after many hours.-Lack of animated graphics.-Bad audio effects.Closing Thoughts: The time I spent playing the game was very enjoyable but the price might be slightly too high all things considered. Would absolutely recommend picking it up if it ever goes on sale and purchasing at full price if this game's core elements sound appealing to you."
,Recommended,257970,11599949,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,"Prof. Roos Akbar, M.Sc., Ph.D.",A good RPG visual novel. good story line but not the best.Adult content not good enough and the love story not so good either.but overall still a good game to play if you buy it on discount price.
76561198004375557,Recommended,257970,11800859,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Gipson,"An awesome visual novel RPG!  What I liked most about this  game is that while you have visuals of the characters and settings ,you have to reading what is happening causing you to use your imagination to visual the world and whats happening around you.  The story drew me in and I always wanted to know what happened next so it was hard to stop playing at times.The combat system is good, characters are well made, the world is small but has enough in it for the story, and the music to this game is awesome!A good game to add to any fan of good RPGs game library."
76561198001195620,Recommended,257970,13695247,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kitachan,"I really enjoyed this game. It reminded me a lot of Dragon Age Origins for some reason, I think because the storyline can be pretty deep and the final battle has a similar feel like the archdemon fight. For a roleplaying turn base battle system, it was pretty good, which is surprising to me because I ususally don't like that style."
76561198018969815,Recommended,257970,13913944,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,acolomb1,"Short review:  Loved this game!  Decent replay value, too - Have completed multiple playthroughs.*Regarding another review that dinged the game for not being child-friendly: Whatever you may think of the art style and description, the game is definitely aimed at adults.  The romance dialogues can veer into M territory, and even the non-romance dialogue and scenarios (themes of leadership, death, making tough decisions, family, racism, war, etc.) may not be well understood or appreciated by younger players.Longer review:I can definitely see why other reviewers were making Dragon Age comparisons.  While I enjoyed the battles and the skill systems, the meat of this game is really in the story and the character interactions.  Luckily, the characters tend to be likeable, and there are romance options for many tastes and preferences.  You also generally have three different ""moods"" to respond in dialogue - ""Joking,"" ""Friendly,"" and ""Forceful.""  Choosing enough of one type over the course of the game will actually change how your character speaks and reacts in general, which is really cool.  This means that if, for example, you were to do two playthroughs as the female protagonist, even though her name and appearance don't change, it still *feels* like you are playing as a different character if you make different dialogue decisions.  Also, other characters will react differently to you based on which of the two protagonists (female elf or male human) you choose.As for combat, it is quite well-designed and enjoyable enough that I did some grinding just for the heck of it, but don't expect twitch-action/3D character models/etc.: The battles are purely turn-based (see the screenshots for an idea) and can be as deep or as shallow as you'd like, based on the difficulty.  On Hard, you will definitely have to pay attention to party composition and tactics, and there are many status effects and combos you can use (or have used on you).Difficulty is almost completely determined by whether you choose Easy, Normal, or Hard, and seemed to be very well balanced, without any crazy spikes or seemingly unfair fights.  Easy is a total walk in the park, Normal is fair, and Hard is, well, hard.  Luckily, you can change difficulties on the fly (even mid-battle) if you are finding it too hard or too easy (or you want to get the achievements for beating certain bosses on hard without doing a whole playthrough that way...).Game length will vary based on your investment in the game (how often you visit camp to speak with party members, how many side quests you complete, etc.) and how quickly/carefully you read the dialogue, but if I had to slap a number on it, I'd say 15-20 hours for a first playthrough on Normal difficulty.In conclusion, I would happily recommend this, especially to fans of turn-based RPGs and/or visual novels.  Also, if you have played and liked other Winter Wolves games, I believe this to be one of their best (perhaps THE best), so you should go ahead and pick this up!"
,Recommended,257970,14488423,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,DaniWhoPhD,"Fun and highly original, actually rebought this after having gotten it for my iPad. I regret nothing, which is saying something since I am the MASTER for buyers remorse."
,Recommended,257970,14755625,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Seraphoenix,"While I will admit there are some areas (predictable events/outcomes, grammatical errors, and cliché relationship set-ups) that bother me about this game/visual novel, the story was charming enough to get me to complete it. I will admit that I did not judge harshly mainly because ""Loren the Amazon Princess"" was my first visual novel game.I was disappointed that there were not as much RPG elements with as many battles there were in the first playthrough. However, there were many side-stories and paths that one can discover through the course of gameplay, plus, some of the achievements do require you to figure out how to unlock them.In the end, I recommend it for the shenanigans and warm fuzzies one will get from some of the romantic scenes. Grammar Nazis might not survive the errors that I found jarring though, so to those individuals: Proceed at your own risk."
,Recommended,257970,9060942,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,KKSG,"If you like hours of gaming with a good story line, challenging boss fights, multiple romance options whether queer or straight, and multiple alternative endings this is the game for you. Excuse me as I try to get all the pairings now hahahahahaha."
76561198063310201,Recommended,257970,10692795,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jagamon,Yes I would its fun and takes a different view on the commen ViN
76561198142482886,Recommended,257970,14635071,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,marja-e,"Enjoyable. Fair range of character options. You can only choose between an elven womon and a human man, but you can also choose some aspects of their background and personality. I played it twice, several months apart, and might play it again sometime."
76561198065002496,Recommended,257970,13667239,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,icecuttingfire,solid mechinics and intersting story
76561198086457357,Recommended,257970,14417618,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jelogisa,"Here is a rather enjoyable game, if you like VNs, RPGs, and turn-by-turn tactical action.Characters/dialogs/characterization: 8/10. Well written dialogs, good characterization. Many good dialogs are written to adapt to your every choice.Graphics: 7/10. Art is good, with a few very good drawings, especially if you don't mind mostly-exposed characters naked under skimpy pieces of armor.Story/World-building: 6/10. consistent story, but not groundbreaking. The plot works and moves in a logical way, it has some twists, but it is essentially predictable. The world is solid, this is the kind of background you'd expect for such a fantasy setting.Romance: 7/10. Simplistic/obvious options without surprise (just select 'romance' when you're given the opportunity). Though the option is obvious, the dialogs and characters development are well executed. Somehow, the characters are endearing, which keeps an interest to this aspect of the game.Equipment/Items: 6/10. There are many pieces of equipment that a character can wear. The many armors/weapons/miscellaneous objects are sometimes a bit confusing as of which you should use to upgrade your characters. The limited amount of money and the limited choice in most shops doesn't help (though you can sell the gems and get more money, as I discovered rather late in the game). So the equipment/armor/weapon upgrades are rather few and far between.Combat system/progression system: 8/10. Good turn-by-turn combat system, with some depth. The choice about the location is only: front-row /back-row. I wish they'd have taken into account the position: left-wing/right-wing, so you'd be more focussed on the opponent you're directly facing. Apart from this (small) reservation, the system is suprisingly well-done, solid, deep and flexible, while being extremely playable. Well-done!Overall: 7/10. This is not the game of the year, but you can spend a good time with this one. You can maybe play it a few times: it's not long (about 15 hours for one run) and you can try and play it a few times to get to the different endings. Overall, a rather good merge between VN and turn-by-turn fantasy tactical game.I got this game in sales, at 10 bucks it was a fair price. At 20 bucks, it's a bit expensive for what you get, in my opinion. But with a discount, it can be a good way to spend a few hours in a pleasant way."
,Recommended,257970,15019007,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Dewguru,"I've tried a couple different Winter Wolves games and they've always fell a little short in my expectations, until having played Loren Amazon Princess.I now regret putting off purchasing for as long as I have, and even after purchasing it, it waited for me to finally install and play it.When I start a game up to see what it's like, and then the next thing you know it's two and a half hours later, that tells me I've found a good game to enjoy.If you're cautious because of the visual novel style appearance, I assure you, it's more than just a 'choose your own path' type adventure. In fact, one thing that I like about this one over other Winter Wolves titles that I've played is it doesn't go over the top in wanting to cram walls of unnecessary text down my throat in the form of filler."
,Recommended,257970,15274748,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Canoness Avlaen,I play alot OF visual novel style games....And this one is by far the best. combat while not the focus is decent and entertaining the length of the game is long for a game of its kind and you wont be over in 30 mins like some others leaving a bitter taste in your mouth.The story is a generic good v evil. but it has its own share of twists and character interaction/development being the core of the good story rather than the fight vs good and evil.great game of this Genre thorughly enjoyed my first playthrough.my ending was a good one but had a slight bitterness in it.All in all if you like visual novel games at all you definately want to pick this one up
,Recommended,257970,15681497,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Chernobog,"I'm not usually into visual novel type games, this one caught my attention for the interactive RPG elements spread through out. Rather than passively just watch a story, you do level up, equip your characters, and can make choices that somewhat steer how things go. In truth, it's a game with a lot of character and personality with the unusual design of playing a character largely subordinate to another who occupies a primary hero role. That said, you are not left in the dust and what interactions you chose to have with fellow party members feels reasonably meaningful.Graphically the game is pleasant although much imagery is reused, with characters only appearing different by facial expressions in dialogue. In combat, everything is largely static headshots so I speak only of the story elements (of which there is a lot). Speaking of the combat, it basically consists of simple actions versus enemy actions- you succeed by exploiting their weaknesses and managing your team's welfare. It's fairly standard and generally not too hard, although if you have a less than suitably team array, some battles will drag on and on (particularly with healer enemies).The music is fair, I don't have much criticism to speak of, although it comes and goes abruptly on scene transitions. The spoken dialogue in combat is... not so good. A lot of it is generic or doesn't fit the situation. Hearing one of your party mage's utter ""Filthy creature!"" or casually talk about getting something to eat after beating on a former/confused ally is off putting.I think the story was pretty solid. It's largely about racism and overcoming negative perceptions of others to become stronger as a whole. It's a somewhat standard story, but well told. NPCs and the main cast have a lot of personality. You may even choose to engage in romance with some of your party members, but the option comes up when it doesn't make much sense in dialogue- you either follow it when you get the chance, or potentially lose out in the long run.One problem I have actually pertains to the choice in the dialogue system. You get the options of 'Joking', 'Friendly' or 'Forceful', but you're given no real idea what your character will actually say in that situation. It's just sort of a guess as to what comes out. I found if I didn't choose Friendly most of the time, the responses of others were usually on the pissy side.Lastly, I have mixed feelings about the ending. In a way, it's a good ending, but depending on what happens, it is also extremely bittersweet and depressing. I don't want to spoil the how's and why's, but let's say I wasn't a fan of the highly vague 'pass or fail' options of the final scenario- characters may or may not be acting out of turn and the choices you're given sometimes don't make sense with the characterizations you knew them to have at the core. It was a very long and frankly emotionally frustrating sequence that made me wish it wasn't there to begin with. To potentially lose characters permanently that I've soaked hours into with very little fanfare was very depressing and unsatisfying. But at least to the game's credit, it made me care outside of game mechanics, to not to want them to die so there is that.Despite my displeasure with the last sequence, I wouldn't be against playing more Loren (sequel please?) and I intend to go through it again playing the other starting choice. It's a pretty good socially themed fantasy story with a solid build up all throughout.(About the DLC: Honestly? I didn't feel it added much. The Castle of N'Mar is a very short and limited area which does change how things turn out with the core story, but I didn't feel any of it was too involving or deep. You do get the potential to have a nifty monster companion join the team, although he doesn't contribute to the story in any capacity and is barely acknowledged by the characters. There's also a certain interaction between the major NPCs that should have been addressed, but you get no option to do so- you merely choose who you will kill and that's about it.)"
,Recommended,257970,15905152,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Inquisitor,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game! If you like datings sims with RPG elements, this is for you!"
76561198059113790,Recommended,257970,15933975,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,DaughterOfAthena,"I had a ton of fun with this game. It's got a mix of battle, romance, and mystery. I enjoyed the combat tactics, and really enjoyed how the story progressed based on what decisions you make during your adventure."
,Recommended,257970,16450443,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Captain Vegetable,"The action isn't hard, and the story isn't terribly deep, but it's a good diversion for a few hours-- plus quickie repeats to catch the different endings/achievements."
,Recommended,257970,16451149,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Prince Aether,I would recommend this game for players that:-love deep character involvement-find excitement in strategy-try to predict the story line-are well ready for many surprisesAlthough I crashed only once (my own fault I think) there were hardly any bugs - using sped up combat can cause some lag but it wasn't easy to spot.Loren the Amazon Princess has four chapters that encourage player involvement with party members that make a difference throughout the story - in fact I would say the party members became family.I was able to become so close to each character that the chapter four achievement was easy to achieve. I enjoyed this game so very much and I will definately be going on an achievement hunt when I have the time!I loved playing Loren the Amazon Princess and suggest fellow players to seek out Tales of Aravorn: Seasons of the Wolf. 9.6/10
,Recommended,257970,16568344,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kalani Zimmerman,"A few things before I start. I did enjoy this game. I have a few critical things to say about it but over all I had a good time, I enjoyed the story. The characters, the scenery, the world history all interesting and fascinating. I have a good time uncovering the lore, meeting the new characters, uncovering the new towns and looking over the lovely weapon designs.Over all I give it a 7/10 for its creativity and interesting storySPOILERS AHEADNow to the critique;The story was a bit rushed. You met the characters rather easily and the only lengthening or extension of plot was in combat. Not a bad thing to be sure, a lot of titles do it but there was little to no interparty conflict or even just a consistent note of conviction with each character.Even when pressed or given something that was supposed to contend with their morals or nature they seemed to acquess quite easily. Even those party members whom were at odds with eachother. Such as Rei and Mesphit, who ever volatile with eachother they still seem to immediatly listen to the people around them making their arguements seem rather stale.Myrth, when in battle and in conversation with other characters expresses a dislike and abhorrence to violence yet when presented with someone she was at odds with and whated something from, Mesphit or the human wizard (I know his name it is simply rather long and I dont really want to type it), she relents and even agrees to kill, without arguement.A lot of the characters seem to lack conviction. Not all of them mind but those that do are considered stubborn or evil in their intent. It bothered me a bit the rate at which you could acquire them if your views differed so heavily to the point of open hostility. It stuck with me through the game but since not every character showed quite a lack of will it was fine for the most part.There are a few other gramatical problems and simple fixes but like I stated earlier not a bad game. I know its a few years out now so I reserve judgement on that front since there have been other games.All in all however, would play again and I can not wait to see what the more recent games that have some out have in store."
,Recommended,257970,16953116,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,got dat dank donuts,"Pros:-Good story, pretty well written for what it's worth-different romance paths that cater to males and females-characters are interestingCons:-the default ending(s) is rather a huge downer unless you have the DLC-DLC has the better ending-only way to skip battles is to beat the game once, which after they unlock cheats for you. one being able to skip battles entirely.worth the money: eh, it depends if you're willing to pay for the DLC toooverview:the visual novel is has a very solid story, good enough to keep you going at least. your companions aren't on the same level as the Mass Effect series, but they're still interesting enough to learn more about, and most of them are able to be romanced.The battle system isn't anything special, and for me, is one of the weaker points in the game in regards that you have to do battles, otherwise you can't continue the story at certain points. only way to bypass battles entirely, as I said earlier, is to beat the game and unlock cheats mode.in regards to the ending, once again comparing it a bit to the Mass Effect series, it's not as bad, far from it, but it almost doesn't matter what choice you make in the end. early on they'll tell you what is going to happen, and the only thing you can do is simply choose who at the end dies.the DLC is a mix opinion for me. I felt as though the price was a bit much for what it had, though it also helped make a few things better, story wise. if you plan on playing, you'll probably be somewhat upset at the ending unless you have the DLC, at which then it gives the golden ending.Overall, it's a good visual novel, great for people starting out in the genre. the battle system is somewhat uneccesary for those interested in the story alone, and the DLC is somewhat neccesary if you want a happy ending."
,Recommended,257970,17288629,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Ty-Dragonmist,"Love this game for a number of reasons but the top two are Romance and RPG Turn-Based system. Set back in the medieval times you take the role of either a Male or Female warrior. You can design them to your liking whether you want to be a Swordsmen, Mage, or Thief. It’s really a great visual novel game, I'll admit it may not be for everyone but it's worth a shot. Especially if you love Romance. Redundant I know. XD"
76561198126557669,Recommended,257970,17466595,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ataashi,"Fun, Interesting, and a bit emotional. It's a great visual novel and it's definately worth playing yourself."
76561198098714052,Recommended,257970,15574383,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,adilsonmax,Amazing story i really enjoyed playing and you will too.
76561198057372663,Recommended,257970,17222557,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Gantotski,"Honest review:Came for the softcore, left with feels.10/10 would experience feels again."
76561198069160630,Recommended,257970,18280794,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Wildfire,Fun game
76561197970792099,Not Recommended,257970,12925375,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Gargan,"A contrived naivistic story and characters that just don't manage to hold appeal, served with simplistic gameplay."
,Not Recommended,257970,9397994,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,carewolf,"Not a very good RPG. Everything is too simplistic and old school, and it doesn't make up for it with any invations or compleling story telling. Only thing added is a weak copy of Dragon Age's romance subplot system."
,Recommended,257970,12626017,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,atris13,"The game has an enjoyable story with simple mechanics. It's definitely more for those who enjoy stories but it can be enjoyed by all, even new comers."
,Recommended,257970,12806518,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Rymoxis,You've played 30 hoursAnymore I need to say?
,Recommended,257970,8803515,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Bentonstein,"A complete and utter shock.  The story depth and tactical combat rival Bioware.  Don't let the 2D art fool you, this is a serious RPG."
,Not Recommended,257970,22911237,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Houyhnhnm,"The game actually has the factors that make a nice game, but the outcome somehow fails the expectation.Messy UI.Story:The story tries to present the protagonist and companions with conflicts and depth, and succeeds in a way.  But I must point out that the way those conlicts are presented seems rather shallow and rough.  What's worth mentioning is that, while the story attemps to show all these inner and social conflicts, the cliche bad guys on the other hand reveal a daunting naivity of the character design.  The story does have its funny moments, but overall, it falls flat and cliche.Think twice if you're expecting to enjoy a rich story with both scope and depth."
,Not Recommended,257970,21412872,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Arse Nick,"i dislike this game. i feel that the titular character is a rude obnoxios sexist. and i really hate the slavery thing going on and the combat system makes little to no sense. listen to me or don't, but feel that i wasted £15 when i bought this game."
76561197989634078,Recommended,257970,8835206,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Darx,was a great game with a very nice story and good rpg elements. hope loren 2 comes out soon.
,Recommended,257970,9894949,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Riotous,"I picked this up on sale when Blizz servers were in maintenance. Didn't expect much, just was happy to have something to kill time until servers came back up.And I didn't touch D3/WoW for a week. Loren really surprised; the story isn't going to win any awards but it is interesting enough to keep you wanting to know what happens next. The party members, while very trope-tastic, are fun and I had several laugh out loud moments between them. Using the demo workaround you can also get the suggestive content back in the game, which is nice.The combat is a bit ho-hum. Unless you seriously gimp yourself somehow it's pretty simple to just stack your part with a few ""good"" characters and breeze through every battle, even bosses, who rarely felt like an actual boss as opposed to a mob with slightly more health. However, I played this game to have a story to engage in, so this didn't bother me.Is Loren worth 20 bucks? Eh. I think WW deserves 20 for what is put into the game; it took me some 30 hours to beat my first playthrough so there's a significant amount of content which surprised me from the look of the game. However, I don't think I'd personally pay 20 for the game; wait for a sale but when it is on sale definitely pick up Loren!"
76561198029903003,Recommended,257970,10850771,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ㄒ卄丨匚匚,A classic little fantasy adventure that manages to stir up that fantastic adventure sense with lovable characters and an alright soundtrack.
,Recommended,257970,15958147,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,amy,"Wasn't sure about the slightly higher price, so I put off buying it for awhile. Have now been playing it every spare moment for three days straight. The RPG combat is addicting and the romances are interesting (my first and second choices turned out to be unavailable for female characters, oh well, guess I'll go chat them up on a male playthrough.) I definitely recommend the extra quests and characters that come with the expansion."
76561198080544721,Not Recommended,257970,9762880,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,vanzee66,"The game reminds me of the Nippon Ichi SRPG's (only not strategy).  The interface is very bear-bones, and the whole game basically boils down to ""fight battle"" -> ""read talking head story"" -> ""buy stuff in town"" -> ""grind a few subquests"" -> ""fight story battle"" -> ""dating sim.""  Theres nothing other than ""in town"" screen, ""in camp"" screen, the battles, and the relationship game.All this I'd be OK with normally.  I loved the old Nippon Ichi SRPG's.  The stripped down format can shed off some of the unneccessary drags from rpgs and let you focus on the core of the gameplay.  But with Loren TAP, that's not really such a good thing.  The battle system is a very generic RPG style ""front row/back row"" style fight, with nothing really new or interesting.  Not only is it unoriginal and is almost completely unanimated, but its fairly easy as well.  I beat the first three bosses, and all of the scrub fights in between, and only ever had someone die once, and they were ressurected by the next turn.  I never came anywhere close to losing a fight.... on hard.The story line is mediocre, and the romance/dating sim is lame.  The whole point of a Dating sim/relationship system is to pick your dialog options carefully given what you know about the characters personality.  In this game, you only get the options ""Joking"", ""Friendly"", or ""Forceful.""  And since you don't know what is actually going to be said, its a total crapshoot.  I often picked what I thought would be the right option, only to have my character say something that was the total opposite of what I wanted him too.  To me, that makes the whole process of a Dating sim totally broken."
,Recommended,257970,12813136,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,russianrov,"Its simplistic animation style belies rich storytelling and thought-provoking combat scenarios. This isn't the best RPG I've ever played, but it is well worth at least one playthrough. If you are not interested in reading text, do not buy this game. Otherwise, Recommended."
,Recommended,257970,9171606,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,CdrGrimReaper,"A very fun, entertaining, and thoughtful game. This game I most likely will come back to play over and over again. I highly recomend this game!"
76561198007807564,Recommended,257970,8902586,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Drunetovich,"Very nice game play, interesting story and characters. Must have)"
76561198012303959,Not Recommended,257970,8865878,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Orenash,"I'm only about 20 minutes into this game, and I already regret paying 20 dollars for it. The dialog feels like it was written by a 13 year old, and the battle system is boring. You basically just sit there and hit the other guy until they fall over. I suppose it may get more interesting at higher level, but I really doubt I'll play this game long enough to get there."
76561198121975294,Recommended,257970,13243474,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,erick,"It's ok, a random buy on my part. I could do without the g@y match ups. I am not sure if you are allowed to feel that it is gross anymore but I do."
76561198044757179,Not Recommended,257970,23030186,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Ragglefraggle97,"You know that feeling when you complete Dragon age origins and all of a sudden you feel a sense of despair so you want a similar taste? You want to have a group of people you can call friends and allies with their own morals to aid you in your quest, Perhaps even romance? Trust me when I say this game will not fill the hole. None of the characters are enjoyable! Seriously, I hated my character the most for being such a cuck. The party members are the most bland and unforgetable pile of npcs I have ever met! Seriously, none of the personal quest had any real depth that made me sympathise with the characers. If you are getting this game for the romance then turn around and play a visual novel or something cause the romance felt as stale as a month old cracker. I felt no chemistry throughout the entire game with Loren until all of sudden we bang eachother! The story is boring as it could possibly be with a cliche evil lord who wants to destory the world. I kept at it hoping that it would pick up steam eventually but all I was left with was a simple ""Oh, it's over......"".  I can not put into words how uninterested I was in this entire game from start to finish! Do not get this game at such a high price. Maybe for 5 bucks but that is it. I'm hoping Loren the Amazon princess 2 will be better but we just have to wait."
,Not Recommended,257970,8726813,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,s2892,"In one sentenceNo, No ,.. andNObecause:1) It is not developed turn-base RPG, simple and repetitive.Kingdom Rush has been much more complicated strategy.Looking for example simmilar game play I would like to compare with:Monsters' Den series.  link:http://www.monstrumgames.com/games/Flash games (made 2007 and 08), simmilar battle interface and character development but 2 x better.I wish, that this game has MD game play.2) The story, maybe is good but the content presentation is horrible (too often ""one sentence is on one page"" so you are not able focus on the plot - lecture does not exists). I stopped read it after 20 min and just press space for fast forward.3) The mechanism is far away from be a user friendly. Simple interface not always equals basic game-play (i.e FTL)This gameforgothas a tag:casual. If it has it, I would not be so disappointed. The price is to expensive. $5 would be ok, but not price range around $20.to sum up: Keep away from this game(!)."
,Recommended,257970,18885174,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Faized,It isn't trash. I would play it again.
76561198050613992,Recommended,257970,19557749,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Jesse Lalonde,"In Short: if you enjoy fantasy RPGs, Dungeons and Dragons, party member interactions, and/or romance subplots then you will likely enjoy Loren the Amazon Princess.The ProsThere is a long list of party members to choose from to customize your combat style.There are a variety of locations and enemy types to keep the game from stagnating.You may choose between three conversation responses to give your character a bit of color.There are multiple romance options to choose from and each feel well fleshed out.There are points where your choices feel like they have weight on the plot and characters.The ConsThe game's art style leans a little too heavily on burly men and busty women, both in revealing, ineffectual armor. Not that I entirely disapprove, but it's a little too overt.Replaying immediately after beating the game is a bit tedious, at least at the beginning. I'm skipping a lot of dialogue so I can get back into the heart of the story.I would have liked to see more variety for the protagonist's class, and build options.It has several cringe-worthy 'romance' moments - the kind where you hope no one is reading over your shoulder."
76561198079068089,Recommended,257970,19512274,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SassyCat,"I really enjoy the story line. This game is definantly worth playing at least once, and even then it has a multiple endings with different outcomes, so it can be replayed multiple times."
76561197989985442,Recommended,257970,18345485,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Dovahkiing,"when I bought this game I didnt realy know what to expect of it and it turned out to be a wonderful purchase.Every character has its own talent tree to explore and there are a lot of weapons and armor to get (wich make the shops a pretty important part of the game), these things and the positioning of your group greatly influance the chances of winning a fight. The combat in the game is rather simple but that doesnt take away that it is also a lot of fun.But this game isnt all about combat it also has a great story with diferent choices and romance options (it is after all an RPG) The characters  had the kind of depth that made me trully enjoy every conversation and because of it it was also fun to persue a romance.These are some of the reasons that make Loren The Amazon Princess a great game.(Loren best girl)"
76561198019673114,Recommended,257970,12957864,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,antoshkka,Beautiful drawn girls in armored bras... jRPG were an elvish girl can make out with Amazon Princess.I see no reason to not buy this game!
,Recommended,257970,22134204,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Peripheral Panda,It's like an rpg style visual novel except it's not Japanese w(°ｏ°)w
76561198070531216,Recommended,257970,24390720,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,mto2424,One of the best games i have played in a long time. If you like character driven RPGs pick this up!
76561198003690000,Recommended,257970,24683467,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,sab-in-77,it a lovely game and good story i highly recommend it.
,Recommended,257970,24164400,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SlowHam,"9/10.  My first visual novel and it was pretty interesting.  I was surprised to see an actual inventory/item system with a ren'py made game.  Though hard difficulty isn't really that challenging on anything that isn't a party member quest, it still shook things up a bit.Would be 10/10 but the hot succubus wasn't bangable."
76561198170605491,Recommended,257970,16978905,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Xelam13,I really like the game but there are something that bother me why you can't name your own character but thats my own opinion if you like the dragon age saga and the same kind of games you are going to enjoy Loren infact I belive that the Loren story is far better than the dragon age inquisition story
76561198077446670,Recommended,257970,23500830,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Seraphilight,"I quite like this game. To begin with, THE STORY MUST TAKE TIME TO WARM UP. I have to say that before anything. HIGH replay value. Nice length. Overall enjoyable experience. This isn't an rpg so much as an advanced visual-novel, keep that in mind.Yes, the story is predictable- as is most traditional epic fantasy stories.This game isn't meant to be played for the story. It's about the characters.My gods, the characters. They're amazing. Incredibly detailed, well-written and thought out. They all feel real. If you think they're going to be stereotypes, they're not for the most part. Bonus, no ""every character is bisexual"". It actually vastly improves the characters in this particular game. Artwork is very lovely as well.The story DOES include your background smoothly playing a part in dialog. There are multiple choices that, while not seeming to make a huge difference in story, can give you more of an insight into the characters. The options felt good even if I knew ultimately they wouldn't really matter. Slight changes here and there, and those were at the end.IT DOES TAKE TIME TO WARM UP. The intro is slow, and so is the first chapter or two. There is a point where the map becomes a mess, and you have to slog through boring dialog that serves no real purpose other than to decorate the ""game"" part (ie, combat)- or excuse it.Speaking of which, combat is terrible. You're obviously not here for the combat though. I recommend looking up the cheat to skip it if it bores you. Not to say they didn't try. It feels more like it was half-completed then set aside to work on other things, meaning to come back to finish it. Especially how some of the encounters seemed to be well-planned out. I started on hard-mode and there was only three fights that gave me trouble, with only one I had to turn the difficulty down on. Another point, if you are doing combat do not make your only current save during cutscenes. It'll lead to combat, and it may be one of those impossible fights so you'll end up stuck in a loop of no-return. Currently replaying on normal, so I have no idea if you actualy have to grind or even do those reputation tasks. I have a sneaking susipicion those rep tasks only lower the prices...Also, the skill trees are severely messed up. Some characters trees make it so you can get the max strength of a skill without taking the previous ones, due to how they loop with other skills. Stats also seem weirdly imbalanced. No one needs strength unless they're a warrior, by the definition. Unless they're a mage, they don't really need much will either...Some characters are better than others, with a few being ridiculously over-powered. Due to that, I think playing warrior might actually be a better class for your pc. Not only does your main healer become more tanky, it'll work better with the stronger characters set-up wise. Rogues are OP because they can deal ridic damage to the back-row which contains the one enemy that'll give you trouble when lined up, at the cost of their next action being slower- but it means that troublesome character dies before they ever move. Worth. Mages are overpowered in the right way. Warriors, with the exception of Loren, are meant to be tanks who eat damage. Loren IS the damage. She will be your most valuable party member.Tip: If you want the ""uncensored"" content you'll have to get the demo from the home-site, play it until it asks you IN-GAME  if you want to play with censored/uncensored content (the options menu doesn't work for this), then save. Open the full game in Steam and play the demo save. Warning, some outfits look better censored, some do not. Mostly they all look nice uncensored, but the reverse is not true. Not to worry, the uncensored isn't really anything naughty. Honestly, Amukiki (barbarian who is on the cover of all the romance novels) is probably the most naked... unless you don't consider plants clothes.I think my play-hours are skewed because I played offline??? Weird."
,Recommended,257970,23799760,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,renegademoofin,"This is just your standard visual novel with some tactical combat thrown in. Nothing too involved. It has a lot of heart though. The characters were engaging, though I feel that some of them didn't develop much by the end. My favorite characters were the ones only available by purchasing the DLC, but they were well worth that purchase too. It's a pretty cut and dry good vs. evil story, but it does bring up some questions on morality, such as asking why someone should be condemned to being 'evil' because of their race. It's not black and white, and I like that quite a bit."
76561198058010151,Recommended,257970,22686413,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,hallodxDBL,Princess lost her smile in camp when suggestive contents on.11/10 realism.
76561198084218330,Recommended,257970,20409000,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,sil,"Loren the Amazon Princess is a nice visual novel with some RPG Fights and romance options.The story is well written. The characters are cliché, but I fall in love with them. Sorry that I had to break your heart, Myrth. :'( It took me about 30 hours to play through. Quite entertaining. Would buy it again."
76561198026716879,Recommended,257970,20152761,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,HyperTeng,"Good game. Simple RPG, story rich, some strategy but overall enjoyable. Completed Loren with Elenor..."
,Recommended,257970,20172403,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TastyCheddar,"Just finished the game and I really enjoyed it!The combat system is simple but fun, and there's a decent skill tree to build the party you want.The story is well written and interesting enough to have kept me engaged right to the end.  Others have commented that it was cliche and predicatble, but I found the world interesting and the characters were entertaining, not annoying.It would have been nice to have a little more flexibility in configuring my party for a few battles, but overall, no real issues with the game at all.I picked this up on a Steam sale, and completed it in around 8 hours.  I would say it was absolutely worth it for the money I paid."
76561198035207413,Recommended,257970,19952541,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,joseph_a_weiss,If only Chambara were real then she'd whip me into shape!
76561198232440356,Recommended,257970,21198874,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Jacq,Loved this game. Good length with an interesting story line. Recommend.
76561198071246566,Recommended,257970,30367426,Posted: 6 March,all,AceTheOutcast,"wouldn't recommend it for the full price, but it's worth it on sale. the story is pretty damn stale, but the combat and characters are enjoyable"
76561198348406469,Recommended,257970,34873907,Posted: 10 September,all,lizzymarlow1984,"i love the music and characters.but the lack of chapters leaves me blue,IF there is another game of this in the works...i hope it is longer.4 chapters waaaaay too short(even with a few dlc).even season of the wolf is longer then this....*sob*"
76561198167561917,Recommended,257970,34115349,Posted: 8 August,all,boredminiejamie,"this game is lots of fun because its silly, serious, happy, sad, etc. each character is unique and different. they are not bland and boring like they tend to be in dating sims. you interact with your companions a lot throughout the story and in the camp where you can talk to them individually so you definitely get to know them which is nice because sometimes companions just feel like they are just there for fighting purposes even though sometimes they arent. i love the romance in this game because each romance is different and romancing someone does affect how they treat you or react in certain scenes. the story is amazing and well thought out, it doesnt feel like it is rushed or missing anything. the combat is a bit simple and certain enemies have different weaknesses so certain attacks do more damage then others. characters treat you differently and say different things depending on who you play as which is pretty cool. people should definitely try this game out if they like dating sims with good story and a bit of adventure and rpg to it. it is definitely something you can play more then once without getting bored because there is just so many options ^.^"
76561198043135724,Recommended,257970,35139432,Posted: 22 September,all,NicaTane,"I really enjoyed this game (incl. the dlc). Story and battles are very entertaining. My first playthrough lasted +20 hours (I was very thorough). I am now on my 2nd playthrough with Elenor and will surely have at least 2 more with Saren. If you like old-school rpg's, you should try it."
,Recommended,257970,35109890,Posted: 21 September,all,Grey_Duck,"I previously purchased this game for an Android tablet, and enjoyed it enough to purchase it here on Steam so I can play it on my desktop computer.  (I find the mouse interface superior, especially for the combat, because you can choose to cast lower level spells to conserve spell points).Honestly, it's interesting to see the subtle (and not so subtle) differences that occur depending on some of your choices.  In fact, from what I can tell after multiple play-throughs, the frequency with which you have chosen each of the three dialogue options (joking, friendly, forceful) changes other dialogue during the game not directly tied to those decisions.  It's little touches like this, combined with the strong writing generally, that have made it a pleasure to replay the game.Adding to the replayability are the skill trees and the number of party members.  It's possible to complete the game using almost exclusively the same 6 characters, or you can switch it up.  On later playthroughs, I have experimented with party set-ups, skill combos, and other combat options.  And, of course, there is the wide range of romantic options.The difficulty descriptions are fairly apt, and the options are nice to have:In easy, the combat, even against bosses, is almost laughably simple, but it allows you to focus more on the story.Normal is a nice mix.  Combat takes some thought but is not too difficult.  There is no real need to grind and level up.Hard is, well, hard.  Save often, because if you go into combat with the wrong set of characters or a lack of items and you're pretty well hosed.  I personally find it makes for a nice additional challenge on later playthroughs, but wouldn't recommend it on a first go-round.The artwork is top notch, the characters are well-developed, and the storyline, while somewhat generic (unite the armies, kill the demons) is well-told.  I would definitely recommend purchasing the Castle of N'Mar expansion if you're going to get the game.  It adds a lot to the third chapter, including numerous sidequests and some romance options.  I liked it enough to buy it twice, so I'm going to go ahead and recommend purchasing it at least once ^_-"
