user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198032161389,Recommended,258010,7759557,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Expanding Man,"Ring Runner follows FTL into the illusive zone of flawless indie game glory.  It is almost criminal that it took this game as long as it did to get on Steam.  Addictive gameplay with an incredibly smooth UI, and a staggering amount of flexibility, with a depth and sophistication that will continue to surprise you.  There are countless ships, with a fitting system of a quality you will be hard pressed to find outside of EVE Online.  The story and dialogue is surprisingly good, at times goofy, often trippy and surreal and almost always hilarious.  The graphics are absolutely beautiful, proof that it is not always necessary to melt your video card.One comment which might be helpful, and which is only negative depending on your preferences, is in regard to how episodic the game is.  I did not necessarily expect an ""open world"" but did expect some greater degree of openness to the campaign than I encountered.  There really is none, the campaign is very episodic.  Initially this may seem like a significant down side, but it gradually picks up and at least provides you with a little bit of choice.A campaign and maps with significantly more ""openness"" I think would easily have pushed this onto a short list of some of the best games ever made, but as is Ring Runner is truly a jewel worth far more than the measily $10 they are asking for."
,Recommended,258010,7821012,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Tavaesoe,"A week ago I honestly hadn't heard of this game, I bought it on a whim, a longing for SPAZ2, and being a huge fan of RPG/Shooter type games, came together at a moment of weakness.I was completely blown away, it was the most fun I've had in a game all year, and probably my favorite shooter of all time, a title previously held by Tyrian. I just can't praise you enough, it was fun the entire way. I just finished the campaign, and I really just loved it.The ship control is a bit wonky at first, but after a few missions you should have it under control. And after a few hours you'll be amazed at some of the stuff you can pull off in speedy ships. The humor and writing style of the game might not be for everyone, but I really wouldn't let that stop you from buying the game. Remove all the words and the game is still an amazingly solid Shooter with a huge amount of customization, and balanced so that no ship type ever feels like the end all ship, I spent a solid 25 hours beating the game on Sage(normal) and will probalby put another 10-15 hours unlocking and customizing my ship.Seiously, if you liked SPAZ, Tyrian, Raptor, or any shooter game in general buy this game. You won't regret it."
76561198061062321,Recommended,258010,12838902,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,kingbeandip,"This is literally my favorite game ever. (Yes, I have played a ton of games from many genres.) It is so because of its unique combination of story, humor, space, RPG style, gameplay variety, strategy, and newtonian (correct) physics. The game is completely unlike anything I have ever before played or since. I have now played almost 250 hours, and it is the only game I have ever purchased twice just in case anything ever happened to steam I would not want to lose this game. I also really appreciate how clean the game is—that when my children play it I won’t have to worry about swearing or anything like that.The main story is well written and takes about 30 to 40 hours to complete. Although it is primarily space combat, the game also features circuit racing, stealth missions, tower defense, many rpg elements, zombie survival, arcade games, a plethora of cultural references, fast food, and nonlinear gameplay -- all skillfully integrated into the story. On top of that, the well done ship customization makes the game almost endlessly replayable. $10 for the best game ever."
,Recommended,258010,9879829,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,TribalSkyGod,"I bought this game during a sale because it looked cool.... I never knew I was buying one of the best games I've ever played.Everything is top-notch... gameplay, graphics, storyline. I haven't played a game this immersive since the Escape Velocity series.Stay the hell away if you want to have a life."
,Recommended,258010,17171526,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Knaroef,"This is one of those incredible games that never got the attention it deserved. The customisation is very deep, and complex but intuitive once you know what you're doing. The controls may seem wacky at first, but they become second nature after a few hours of gameplay. The controls in Ringrunner allow for extremely skill based combat, and they also give space for fun abilities. Once you get used to it, movement feels very fluid and well-made. This game has more story and gameplay elements than most AAA games, and that for just €8.99. Why are you not buying this already, go buy it, right now, I know you're just looking for an excuse to buy it here anyway, I will be your excuse to buy this amazing game, and the moment you are ingame, you won't need one anymore!"
76561197995777078,Recommended,258010,19698236,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Maken,There aren't very many games I play till I get 100% completion.I have only played one other game to 100% completion twice (super mario 64) and I plan on doing another 100% completion of this game.I also don't normally write reviews.I'm doing all the above because I think this game is fantastic and more people should play it.This game is unique and while its certainly not for everyone it has a literally overwhelming amount of content in it.
76561197995969913,Recommended,258010,12735275,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,I Am A Cloud,"Several aspects of this game alone are enough to make this game great. Nontheless, they all come together to make a fantastic experienceI'll start with combat. The game starts you out with some crappy ships and crappy weapons. This fits in line with the plot. As you get more vessels and new armaments, you start to pick favorites, and by the time you get to design your first fully customized craft, you already have a good idea of a few combinations that may become standbys for the battles to come. Fighting involves destroying, distracting, subverting, evading, tricking, stunning, outrunning and overpowering the enemies. I am very well convinced that someone could spend a year on this game and barely scratch the surface of all the amazing combinations that have yet to be discovered.The plot? Enthralling. Through gut renching losses and righteous victories, this game engrains you. Between the universe threatening drama, cheeky humor pervades the dialogue, and the characters, even minor ones, can be quite lovable. What also helps to make this story concrete is the depth of the lore. That, along with the fact that some of the Sci-Fi technology makes sense helps to make this a real feeling world.The music isn't flashy, but it is a great case study of how one can do great things with only a few tools. I heard there guys aren't even musicians. The graphics use shiny light and pretty colors to draw you in, with atmospheric backgrounds the fit right in place.Some of the cons involve the layout. It can be difficult to navigate the hangar and switch ships. Finding your favorite presets can be irksome, and there doesn't seem to be a way to test ship combinations without going into a story mission. Most of the game is fighting, with some racing and stealth in there too. This is, however, broken up by the jovial dialogue and a few puzzles.In short, this game had a lot of careful quality and love put into it. It is easily worth more that $10."
76561197976218087,Recommended,258010,9881085,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Mikenumbers,"What a hidden gem this game is.The game is a top-down space shooter with newton physics, meaning if you accelerate in one direction you will not stop until you turn around and apply thrust... or hit something, this makes the combat fun and fluid.There are a ton of ship hulls available with about 300 or so abilities and weapons available so your creativity can run riot, a good amount of them are unlocked via the campaign but you can also research them using the in-game currency to unlock them earlier should you wish.The campaign is immensely long and I loved it every bit of it, even if you try speed through the game it'll still take you about 15 hours, and that’s not even including the time for completing bonus objectives, mini-games or arcade events available.Edit: The soundtrack is also freaking awesome.10/10, would have bought at full price the day it was released if I'd have known about it then."
76561198013683638,Recommended,258010,31798055,Posted: 16 May,all,FantasyKT,"I don't usually like this type of gameplay, but with the ridiculously low price and awesome reviews I gave the demo a try...and fell in love with the writing. It's so humorous and the world it builds is great. I might be running into walls and doing a terrible job at piloting, but I'm enjoying every minute of it."
,Recommended,258010,32167569,Posted: 3 June,all,Caythal,"This game was recommended to me and I decided to give it a shot despite it seeming like a bit of a bland upgrade to the old school strafe-and-shoot asteroid game genre. My inital prognosis of this game couldn't have been more off the mark.First of all, I don't review many games, but this one really had the perfect trifecta of what any game (regardless of genre) needs in my opinion. The story alone would've earned a recommendation from me (you actually get a novel version of the story with your purchase of the game). The soundtrack, which is fantastic, is an ever-present boon to the gameplay without being overbearing at any point. Now, hearing all this, one might think that the story and music would drown out any amount of fun to be found in the gameplay itself (which essentially is you piloting your ship of choice to reach the goal of the given mission). This fortunately isn't the case and I believe the reason for this is due in prt to the high amount of customization one can employ in building their vessel. There are hull types, with each hull type being predisposed to excel in certain fields. The customization further continues with allowing you to pick and swap a whole contingent of ship systems including various types of fixed cannon weapons, projectile weapons bays, engines, heatsinks, shield systems, armor plating types, utility drives that allow for special abilties, and a whole slew of aoe abilities that are both effective and visually appealing.In an effort to not give too much of the story away, this is a fantastic game for it's cost ($5 at my time of purchase) and it is a game I'm actively buying copies of for my friends because I simply want them to share in this quirky yet thought-provoking story of truth-seeking and peanut butter cup consumption. 10/10"
,Recommended,258010,18878957,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Algorithm,"This here, is a hidden gem.If you are still deciding:#Love space games,#Longing for incredible amount of ship customization,#Doesn't mind/love retro style space shooter,#Looking for potential replayability,#exhilarating ship abilities,#Brilliant soundtracksButter is sweet, Grab this."
,Recommended,258010,27961038,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jetz,"The fact that this game has gone overlooked for so long is simply criminal. I recently did a second playthrough of this game, just to see if it held up as well as I remembered it the first time, and the ship customization had enough depth and I had enough money and ship parts that it was even better the second time around. Seeing the campaign again also offered new context to earlier events that foreshadowed later ones, and it was also every bit as hilarious as I remembered.The tutorial stages of the game are a bit of work, and you have to spend a few levels piloting ships that fire bits of tissue paper and handle like a cow with a firework taped to the side, but it does well to show you the wide variety of classes of ships available. Then the game opens up, gives you full freedom to modify your ships and plenty of missions to try them out in, and one central objective that leads you to tons of ridiculous adventures.At any moment in this campaign, you can find yourself assaulting a space station by summoning comets to slam into it, racing around a track using your time distortion powers to gain an advantage, riding shotgun on a transport ship being driven by the AI in your head, using a stolen bank vault tethered to your ship via tractor beam as a giant flail for smashing ships, playing pong with positive and negative particles on a quantum scale, fleeing through an asteroid field as it's being obliterated by the psychopath chasing you with a death ray, fighting off waves of drone ships outside a space graveyard that your AI insists on calling ""zombies"", or infiltrating a space city by evading scanners and timing your way between police patrols.All those are just the ones I came up with after filtering out the plot spoilers and most ridiculous scenarios that would take full paragraphs to do justice. The plot is a bit jagged due to the structure of the campaign, where the bulk of it lets you approach missions in any order, but it all makes for a great experience on the whole. The writing is a bit hit-and-miss, some jokes genuinely made me laugh, others felt a bit forced, some touching scenes worked well, and others fell flat. No deal breakers, though. The protagonist and their AI make a great duo, and other characters, while not always as distinctly defined as the two leads, do enough to give the universe its own unique feel.Enough story though, let's talk gameplay. It's sorta like a twin-stick shooter, but aside from rotating you only have forward acceleration and brakes to work with. Additionally, once moving in a direction, you continue to move until Newton says to stop. This takes some getting used to at first (and I wouldhighlyrecommend a controller to pick up on it faster), but soon you'll adapt, and learn to build momentum then let off the accelerator to strafe or shoot backwards. Plus, one of the equipment slots on your ship will usually be used for an ""archetype ability"", which is mapped to flicking the right stick or mouse. This can be allocated to launching attacks in a specific direction, or repositioning a directed shield, but more often is used for movement abilities which will allow you to change directions quickly with maneuvers like teleportation or barrel rolling, allowing you to be highly agile and mobile if you want.This leads us to ship customization, which is where this game shines. There are 5 primary classes of ship, and one oddball. Fighters use powerful forward cannons and have a ton of agility for getting them aimed at enemies, and are nimble enough to compensate for their low shields. Arsenals are the exact opposite, opting for low mobility, high defenses, and lean either towards having tons of firepower, or deploying crowds of turrets and drones. Grapplers are where we start to get away from typical spaceship archetypes, using tractor beams to pull enemies close, and then throwing them into hazards or using deadly short range attacks to tear them apart yourself. Casters are well balanced, with unique abilities that focus on distorting space and time that can be built around to become very powerful. Finally, Rogues use stealth and holographic decoys for defense, letting them plant targeting beacons on enemies in order to launch very powerful attacks.Within these classes, there are countless options for tuning your build. It can seem overwhelming at first, but the tutorial should help you find a class you enjoy, and from there it's just a matter of finding components that sound interesting, trying them out, and seeing what your ship becomes.So I had this neat little caster ship, decent speed, shields, and a huge array of weapons made it ideal for fighting powerful enemies, waves of weaker ones, or assaulting giant space stations and cruisers. But it had a problem with power consumption. It'd chew through its energy supply at seemingly random points of the battle, leaving it with no weapons or movement abilities. So I swapped in a caster-specific component that could perpetually generate energy beyond the maximum capacity, but if it got too full, it would shut down my weapons and engines to discharge. This proved to be too much, since I had other energy income that would constantly overload me. I pulled out a few modules that were allowing my weapons to leech power from ships it attacks, and replaced them with ones that powered up my weapons and shields while overcharged (in between normal capacity and overloading). This was still too much, and my ship was EMPing itself every few seconds in battle. I looked at my options for replacing the power core and found one that looked specifically geared toward my ship, which could hold enormous amounts of overcharge energy. I changed out the hull with one that had fewer of the slots I didn't need, and more slots for the kind of tech I was now focusing my build on. Finally I sacrificed few unnecessary weapons for the ability to change out the batteries quickly in the heat of battle, and some more overcharge-powered shield upgrades.The ship I ended up with was immensely powerful, with a primary weapon that could one-shot most enemies at close range while tanking huge amounts of damage, and its only weakness was a very brief window every once in a while to run off and change batteries. And this is just one of the elements you can build around. I have one fighter class ship built specifically to be the fastest it can be, used to win the racing missions, but still able to put up a fight. I've been meaning to try out a grappler build focused on this one sweet weapon that scrapes off bits of enemy hulls or space junk and then launches it as torrents of shrapnel, shotgun-style, for immense amounts of damage. I had one mission with a side objective to not take any damage from a space station I was attacking, so I built a ship that could stay at a distance and sent waves of mobile gun turrets to fight it.There are a few criticisms I should mention, just to be fair. As I've said before, the early missions take a while showing you everything the game offers. I recommend using a controller rather than picking up on the more obscure mouse movements. Might also need to switch the steering style in the options. Speaking of which, the menus use a bit of a weird control system that takes some getting used to, where the mouse will snap to the buttons you move it toward. Some missions will leave you stuck with one specific ship which makes their bonus objectives really frustrating when you can't build around them.But that's all I can think of, aside from the final disappointment that there will probably never be a sequel. This game goes on sales as low as one dollar, and normally goes for five. In my opinion it's easily worth more than either of those prices. At the very least, it's definitely worth taking a risk that small for, in my opinion. A great but sad example of an overlooked gem."
,Recommended,258010,12578488,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Emperor of Putinkind,"Just finished my first playthrough of this game, I highly recommend this game. With solid graphics, a phenomenal story with plenty of suspense, surprise, laughs and sadness as well as some amazing gameplay, this game is a very great buy. Ring Runner sticks very tightly to its interesting and unique lore, immersing you even more in the story and the world you travel through. There are also various difficulty modes to suit whatever challenge you are looking for. My playthrough on just Runner difficulty alone lasted me about 18 hours, but during those 18 hours I was always looking forward to the next development in the story. Missions have all kinds of variation and difficulty scales well. Ships are customizable when it comes to performance and weapons. There are various hull types that provide different play style hybrid hulls that combine two hull types and sometimes even three.If you were like me when I found this game, a gamer craving a good and unique story that really sucks you in backed by good gameplay, pick up Ring Runner. I promise you that this game will fill the need."
76561198001561633,Recommended,258010,14401954,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,VVetax,"This is one of the best games i've played in my life.Pros:+Funny - There are lot of funny dialogues and interactions in the campaing+++Gameplay - The mechanics are really great. I'm fairly new to space shooters, this one made me want to explore the genre a little more++Diversity - The game counts with different ship classes you can choose, each one with strategic diferences from each other+Multiplayer - From the little i've played, the multiplayer seemed balanced and a lot of funCons:-Controls - Controls are hard to get and harder to master, it adds some difficulty to the game and people often count this as a pro, but in my opinion it dissuades a lot of people from playing this.= Graphics - A game doesn't have to be a graphic masterpiece to be good, but it's worth mentioning that the graphics are really simpleSolid game with a good replayability and a good price, highly recommended."
,Recommended,258010,12442118,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Gazogme,"I would like to admit that at first I turned a blind eye too Ring Runner Flight of the sages. That being said I wish i could go back and leave a good lump on past self's chin.This game has given me what I have craved for a vary long time A STORY LINE! yes! something basic like this is what i wanted in a game a story line that well...IT was B.E.A.utiful! (and i thought i'd never say that...) Game play lets me either play as my caster murdering billions of baddys and feal like a god! or test my F5 Mecury on flooded gate mode and i feal like a cube of ice trying to smother out a star! and the soundtrack...without it this game would fall flat on its face...even the story line with all it's hilariousness, seriousnes, and sadness... without E. C. Dryere and his masterfull work ((in my opinion) star eater <3) this game would...just not be the same.anyway....this brick of text is large enough...my final begrudgement for people who have not gotten this game...TRY IT! plz!"
,Recommended,258010,31549288,Posted: 4 May,all,Redrusty66,"You may not be wowwed by state of the art graphics or a bazillion hours of gameplay content. But they really put their heart in soul into this one and it shows across the board. There is far more then a satisfying amount of content here. The opening stages alone if you are not a mega fast speed runner may take you 10+ hours alone. That is before it opens up beautifully.Please if you are reticent to take risks on games, this is one you wont be sorry for pulling the trigger on."
76561198030686590,Recommended,258010,32636020,Posted: 22 June,all,Drake Ravenwolf,"Ring Runner: Flight of the Sages is a tremendous amount of content and playtime for the price of the game.If anything there is too much content here.  As with most games, your first missions are in essence tutorial missions teaching you the different ship types; their strengths, weaknesses, and learning which playstyles you prefer... but there are so many different ship types and mechanics to learn that it can feel like you will never get past these ""tutorial"" missions.My only advice is to stick with it, you will know you are past the tutorial missions when you claim your carrier ship through the power of peanut butter cups!Once you open up the universe map, that is just the beginning of the game!  Each mission has bonus objectives and achievements to try for, and many of them are tough, but they are always fun!I absolutely fell in love with this game when I went for the achievement [Why won't you Die?!] in mission [Crazy as We] - You are told to purposefully die to the wave after wave of enemies far more powerful than you are, but you simply refuse to.  Once you get in the zone, that fight is so intense but also so zen at the same time...The music is AMAZING.There are so many different modes of play throughout the campaign, and then additional horde modes available outside the campaign...The only weak point is the storyline, but that is done on purpose.  This is a game that makes fun of itself and is never serious in it's plot development.It is 5 bucks for so very much content, just try it!!!"
76561198109874008,Recommended,258010,26419609,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,[NaCl] Maelstrom,"I can't believe it took me so long to discover this game... In a Steam sale at that.Personally, I'm a big fan of space shooters, but unfortunately the market is flooded with cheap ripoffs, mobile games, etc (with plenty of exceptions both new and old). Sure this is a late review, and most of my hours don't show up on here... But I've played it a-plenty offline for the year I've owned it~~~~~~Here we go for more detail~~~~~~~PROS--Graphics are pretty good; as well as the interface, menu, and settings being very thorough and informative-Story is surprisingly well-done, character development very clean and endearing, and even breathes a bit more life into the game-Gameplay is like your typical arcade shooter.... on a LOT of steroids. You've got guns, you've got missiles, you've got teleportation, special abilities.... GAHHH SO MUCH! And it's actually a dang good challenge! Took me a day or two to even get the hang of the controls, much less the combat itself... You'll be shaking, you'll be screaming, and your blood will be pumping hard in some of these battles, trust me.-Tutorial is..... I can't even figure out where to begin. It's stunning. They go through every little detail of the system, and at a very safe pace that works VERY well with the story, paces itself accordingly, but still manages to make things interesting.-Shop and customization.... It's ridiculous. Ship appearances are not capable of being customized, but things like weapons, shields, armor, engines, etc has nearly limitless possibilities. The paid research is also helpful if you're slower to gather Plex (in-game currency). Keep in mind it only stacks to 10 consecutive segments of research if you don't play for a while ;) MAKE SURE YOU WORK ON YOUR SHIP IN THE HANGER, YOU WILL OTHERWISE HAVE A HELLISH TIME!!! (also, you can create and upload ship templates to the Steam Workshop)-The ships themselves.... GLORIOUS. The design is very appealing, and there's even a class system of sorts for them. THat's right, a CLASS system. I won't spoil anything here, but let's just say its not so simple as ""fighter, bomber, stealth"", there's way more to it that is very well fleshed out-Multiplayer is pretty cool... though sadly not many play it anymore. Fortunately the bots for playing the maps yourself are pretty dang good (did I forget to mention the ASTOUNDINGLY good AI?)-Story is actually quite compelling, and overall pretty kid-friendly (if you're looking for milder sorts of things), and every level is well-tailored to each chapter. Is it repetitive? A little bit at times, but what did you expect from a space-shooter? Some things like the lore and different species could've used some more fleshing out... But it's an indie so that's forgivable. Oh, there's also plenty of good philosophical goodies hidden here and there.-Music....... brilliant. Not the best, but very fitting for the game and definitely wouldn't mind having it as ambient music, especially the chill little tune that plays in the hangar.CONS--This game's controls are..... Well they're not for the fainthearted. While well-organized and highly customizable, there's a lot to keep track of. You will really HAVE to think, strategize, and set things up according to what you think will suit you. Get used to crashing a lot in the beginning... You'll get the hang of it. (I recommend trying out using an XBox controller, it's a bit easier for some)-Multiplayer is practically a ghost town (much like Metal Drift.. another forgotten gem), and the community has gone practically dead-silent-Even on easy, and with it's gentle learning curve, this game isn't really a good choice for newbs to this type of game. That is... Unless you're very gifted at adapting to new games, because this gets REALLY hard REALLY fast near the end of the campaign.-You have to make sure you manually set a save FROM THE BEGINNING to save to the cloud. Otherwise you will lose all your progress and ships like I did when I uninstalled it for a while.-Dev team has practically abandoned the game... But its no surprise given it's an Indie (a damn good one at that)~~~~~~~~~~~~~Overall, overwhelming good points and a few bad, I give this game a 9/10 and strongly recommend it to anyone who loves this genre like I do and wants a meatier game to play in it. Or if you just want a fun and unique experience with this quirky little diamond.Hopefully this game gets a new wave of attention in the future... Here's to hoping!"
,Recommended,258010,19053415,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Razor,"Ship control and general graphics are better in SPAZ. But Ring Runner deserves some attention. Storyline, controls and ships, skills, dialogues, maps, everything is done with a noticeable good taste. It's also a game that will entertain you for so many hours... and, for example, uses steam workshop for sharing ships loadouts."
76561198047398251,Recommended,258010,12525125,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Two D,"What a gem!  You can really tell when a game is made with heart and passion.I was lucky enough to play Armada on dreamcast back in the day, and have looked for a similar game ever since.  This has hit that spot.  While it has done a lot of things I missed from that game. it does quite a bit more for me.  My guess is if you are here looking at a 2d shooter spaceship game, you are already looking for something very specific like I was.  Therefore, my review is more of a review on the other reviews, so if you are looking for this specific experience you will want to pick it up anyway.  Especially if it's $2 like it was when I grabbed it.I thought it was weird reading the reviews and people saying a 2d shooter had an amazing plot.  I have a lot of forgiveness when it comes to storyline on a game.  It's not something I look for or need when I want to have a good time.  That said, while I might be playing this without it, it just wouldn't be the same.  If you are like me and will jump at any kind of a futuristic sci-fi narrative, this will quench your thirst.A good number reviews mention the controls are clunky.  I use a controller.  Maybe that would make things different.  However I will add, you are flying around in space.  It's meant to be a little ackward.  It's part of the fun.  There are a ton of ships, too.  They don't all fly the same.  You can mod them to hell and back so you can tweek that aspect out if you find a ship you like.  That and binding controls is some of the nicest and easiest I've seen on a game.I could see how the UI and the number of options can be daunting.  If you are a person that gets overwhelmed with that kind of thing, then this might not be for you.  I know those people are out there.  There is an insane amount of options.  However, I will say that the first half of the game is pretty much showing you all the ships and weapons one by one, all fully loaded with different weapons explaining things very well.  After that, it was easier for me to digest what I was working with.I'm not sure what else to say.  There is plenty else but this review is long enough.  I'm very happy I picked up this title for what I was looking for.  I found so much more.  Hope you will do the same!"
,Recommended,258010,28337781,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Cheridan,"Everything I wanted to say about this hidden gem has already been touched upon by more verbose reviewers here so I'll keep it short. Good writing, awesome worldbuilding, incredible depth of customization, and a wealth of co-op and competitive multiplayer modes all at a rock bottom price.Highly, highly recommended."
76561197970482298,Recommended,258010,8008386,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Catalina del sur castillo,"The game breaks a few convensions in a bad way, leaving you a little woosy to when starting out. Bare with it and you will become a god among fighter pilots.This is a game I have been waiting for for a long time - a 2d space shooter in which skill and tactics and can be explored. The mechanics are deep - ship upgrades involve giving you new ways to exploit the best attributes of your ship rather than just giving you +3  to a state.The game features multiplayer mode and a long story driven campeign, suprisingly with good writing.Why are you still reading? Buy the game!"
,Recommended,258010,31238665,Posted: 19 April,all,YANDY INC,"This game went under the radar for the most part. If any indie game deserves the title of hidden gem it is this one. There are already a lot of reviews that go in depth with the features and aspects of this game so for this one I am going to forgo my usual analysis.I just wanted the opprotunity to let any prospective buyers to know that this game is worth far in excess of the asking price. YOU WILL get your enjoyment out of this game if you enjoy any of what this mash up of genre's have to offer.I would also suggest that if you are looking for a more free roaming experience do NOT give up on this game at first. The beginning missions are linear but that is mostly to get you aquainted with the many different great features this game has to offer. It has many to offer.For a team of two brothers this is one of the best indie projects I have experienced on steam out of just under 1200 indie games I have in my library and families libraries. I would put this in terms of solid sheer quality above a much more expensive game like The Witness. You are going to get a HECK of a lot more bang for your buck value to price wise here then you will in most other indie games on this storefront.If you are not the biggest fan of sci fi, space sim, there is a lot here for you in the plucky and well written dialogue and twin stick shooter action.If you are not the biggest fan of shallow end action without depth, there is a LOT here for you in the depths of the rpg mechanics and role building.It takes the best of both worlds and wraps it into one of the best indie packages of the last 5 years. You may not be wowwed by state of the art graphics or a bazillion hours of gameplay content. But they really put their heart in soul into this one and it shows across the board. There is far more then a satisfying amount of content here. The opening stages alone if you are not a mega fast speed runner may take you 10+ hours alone. That is before it opens up beautifully.Please if you are reticent to take risks on games, this is one you wont be sorry for pulling the trigger on. I would happily stake any small reputation I have on it.Have a great day and game on brutha."
,Recommended,258010,23307558,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Vriscout Spenceket,"The most strange, chaotic, and complex combat since Magicka; and that's just if you count relatively normal ships made with only basic knowledge of the game.It'd be absolutely nuts if the multiplayer community of this game stayed active for more than a few months at a time.-January 15th, 2017Some big YouTuber found this game and there were thousands of sales overnight!They're all doing singleplayer though, except for a few people who went for multiplayer as soon as possible and are only flying tier 3 ships.-January 17thStill more sales coming in, and suddenly there's hundreds of people in the multiplayer server. Almost all co-op modes though, since one team always ends up getting steamrolled in competitive as there'll always be that one person who's got a far better designed ship than everyone else.-February 18thPlayercount has plateaued, and the competitive modes are starting to pick up now that a lot of people have ships that can only be challenged in non-competitive by upping the difficulty to The Union; and some aren't even challenged by that.-February 27thMost ships seen are now giant Duo-archetypes, packing lots of firepower and tanking ability.-March 15thCommon practices start to be seen to make smaller ships able to survive and wield comparable firepower to the old dinosaurs, though most ships seen are part arsenal or part rogue.-March 25thNew designs are being seen on these new templates, using wacky tricks to be able to turn around any bad situation.-March 30thNow all the ships are wacky.Trying to think about what exactly is going on in the combat will melt your brain, all you can do is mash buttons and hope for the best.-April 1stRing Runner MMO announced-April 2ndRing Runner MMO cancelled-April 8thGuilds start forming which just turn the multiplayer into absolute nonsense by having each team pick the same design of ship to spawn as.-April 20thThis trend doesn't seem to be stopping, because it's really effective if everyone is simultaneously zapped by branching heat lasers from F5Cs, or there's a huge complex defence grid from a bunch of C5As.-May 1stRing Runner is over.8 players all spawned as C5 Squid with Forked path and lots of gravity weapons.They all ran into the centre, created a huge gravitational force which ripped them all to shreds, and then the combined pull of 24 gravetric cores sucked up the meta-server into a black hole."
,Recommended,258010,20175927,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Haru,"Lately, I've been into the open space RPG genre like a fanatic. Desperately searched for games like Drox Operative and SPAZ, preferrably with coop. Now, see, I have a crappy computer so I find some of the most obscure games out there because I can't run jacksh*t. I've seen a lot of things. But this? It's on goddamn steam and it took me two years to find it?ffs.The short. (TL;DR)So I got it for $0.99 during a steam sale. What a motherbeeping steal.Stop.Essay time.Starting off,The game and I had a few technical difficulties but let's ignore that because troubleshooting is my specialty.Ring Runner is extremely overwhelming upon first look. The controls are weird and the customization is immense. Crazy how science does that. Don't skip the prologue. I don't recommend it (from experience). The prologue is slow and it's hour(s) long, but it's also a tutorial. It lets you ease into the seat of the game. After a while you'll get used to it and become a professional at bumping your ship into space debris. It's worth doing, I'd say.Missions in SpaaaaceYeah, the prologue is long, but after about 35193691 hours you have access to other nodes on the map where you're free to choose from. Every node consists of a series of missions and bonus challenges. Doing these missions may unlock new equipments and hulls you can use to smash yourself into space rocks.Best parts n gears of the game, customizationI've said it earlier, the customization is insane, but it requires a lot of knowledge on what things do and what your goal is. You can go from building a comletely useless floating hunk of junk to fighters that utilize overheating and self debuffing for massive damage or even wizards that manipulate space, time, and gravity. There's a lot of things to try and worth risking for. Play like how you want to play. But if you're lacking imagination or it's just too complicated, there's prebuilt loadout ships to use, default and user-created.Explody stuffsUnlike most other space RPGs, Ring Runner has an extremely fast pacing when it comes to applying violence. Depending on your ship and loadout it's do or die. There's a lot of buttons to press and a lot of things to use. It can be difficult to use the right thing at the right time. Half the time you could forget you even have certain stuff equipped. So in terms of skill, there's a lot of potential. Otherwise, you can slam your face on every key if you're not a confident space ace.Literature gal(axy)Don't worry about the story, you're just here to blow stuff up. Jk.I like it, and that's not very common I think. It's not something I pushed aside this time. There's some humor along with a few melancholic moments likewhen you kill your friends, you monster.Sometimes there are choices during missions which will change up what you have to do. Although you still get the same rewards so there's no real repercussion.Hey I'm not a lonerGreat! But also not great! Closest thing to coop campaign are duo ships that is designed for two players to locally control one ship. The online multiplayer consists of multiple gamemodes, both coop and versus, that you and friends can play to showoff your OP loadouts to then unfriend them after they beat you with theirs. But that's about it sadly. Still all good and fun, just no online campaign.So what?Worth it? No the blue thumbs up is a lie.[/sarcasm]"
76561198061974601,Recommended,258010,30250064,Posted: 28 February,all,[LINUX] facePlanted,"If you like sci-fi, this game is an absolute gem.The attention to detail is maniacal, the storytelling and humour are so great that can be compared to legendary games like Monkey Island and Day of the Tentacle.The gameplay and the progression are perfect, those guys (and the gal) are game design masters; I'm at 18 hours and the quality is constant,there is so much passion here that I'm speechless, no wonder it took 5 years of development.I got this game in 2014, played 2 hours and then went to Linux single boot.Those 2 hours alone left a sign in my memory.Few days ago I tried to run it on Linux thru Wine, after messing with the components and the engine versions I was able to get it to work at 100%so if you are a Tuxer like me, check WineHQ and you'll find my instructions, let me know if you need help."
,Recommended,258010,12453327,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ZeDingo,"A beautiful game with bits and pieces of nearly every one of my favorite 2D space shooters. Yes, even Asteroids. I bought this on sale, but it's worth every penny of the full price. Along with some references to ""popular"" culture. I write popular in that manner because some things are a bit obscure, like how many people actually remember the odds that C3-P0 gives Han Solo when entering the asteroid field? And just seeing the name ""Dominus Delooeese"" made me wake up my roommate in laughter."
76561197972390763,Recommended,258010,22118301,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Exige,"""Welcome to the show. I'm Fred Bunglemonkey and with me in the studio today is Simon Liekzitt -""""Hello""""and Phillip Thinkzitsux""""Good evening""""Tonight's topic is Ring Runner: brilliant top down shooter or pile of monkey poo? Simon?""""Thanks, Fred. The top-down space shooter is a genre that sorely needs more entries. If you like these games, Ring Runner is the game you've been waiting for. It's fast paced and filled with lots of cool mechanics. Ships get multiple weapons, movement abilities, stealth, decoys, etc. There's so much variety that no ship plays even remotely the same. There's a lot more to this game than just pointing at the bad guy and clicking the fire button. Even moving around requires cleverness, with the newtonian physics, dodges, and cool movement abilities.""""I'm sorry, Simon, but I have to disagree. People should give this one a pass. You see it doesn't matter how cool those movement abilities are if you've got to suffer through the controls that activate them. Do you know what the default binding is for the dodge ability? FM. Go ahead, Fred. Look for the FM key on your keyboard. Can't find it? Well, I googled for it and it turns out that FM stands for 'flick mouse'. Go ahead and try it.""""It.. doesn't work.""""I know, right? That's because you need to press mouse button 4 at the same time. Oh, your mouse only has 3 buttons? Then you're SOL. Naw, just kidding. The default controls are awful, but you can rebind them.""""I... uh... well, I went into the 'bindings' menu but I can't seem to change anything""""That's because the 'bindings' menu doesn't do anything. The menu you want is called 'keybinds'.""""I see. Wow, these menus are terrible. They keep grabbing my mouse pointer or limiting what portion of the screen I can move it in, and many of these options are just a bunch of letters with no explanation. Yes, Simon?""""Okay, so the menus aren't great -""""They are the single worst thing ever programmed since the Stuxnet virus.""""-true. But once you suffer through the menus and fix the keybinds, you'll get to the core of the game which is actually a really good shooter. It even has multiplayer with a bunch of great modes including zombie survival and one that plays a lot like a MOBA.""""Cool! Let me try. I guess I click on my hanger and... wow. I guess I... need to... wow. I'm sorry, I have no idea what any of this means.""""Yeah, you should probably read the manual for the hanger first. I took the liberty of printing out a copy for you.""Simon lifts a heavy book onto the table.""May I interject?""""Oh, God yes.""""This is what I'm getting at. You're going to need to spend the next several hours figuring out what all these options in the hangar do and customizing your ship... and once you do, there will be nobody online to play it with.""""That's not really the point, Phillip. Multiplayer in this game is something you do with your friends. It's not about public servers.""""Yeah, I may stick with the single player campaign. I'm not sure I want to invest the time in figuring out the hangar interface.""""Unfortunately, you're still going to need the hangar in the single-player campaign... but it's worth it! The campaign is really good and the missions are varied and fun. Even the plot is interesting and filled with some really funny dialogue.""""You're right about that, Simon, but the game pauses every time anyone speaks. This isn't a problem the first few times but after a few hours you're going to want to put your fist through your monitor each time one of those dialog boxes pops up and interrupts your gameplay - and they interrupt it CONSTANTLY.""""Okay, they're a bit annoying but I wouldn't say they ruin the game...""""I would.""""Well we're almost out of time but the big question remains: brilliant shooter or monkey poo? Should we recommend it?""""Yes.""""No.""""Meh. I'll just click one of them randomly.""Subscribe to my curator page hereView my other reviews here"
,Recommended,258010,33901589,Posted: 30 July,all,David,"The game might not look like much... But it's bloody amazing! There's amazing humor, writing, and gameplay that will Entertain you for Days!"
,Recommended,258010,7977429,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Astrix,"Was looking for something to replace subspace with.  Ended up with a game that was much more.  Very fun and if your a fan of Silent Death Online, Subspace/continuum you will not be disappointed."
76561198012818215,Recommended,258010,12409768,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Gameslayer989,"An incredible story and brilliant game with deep customisation. Very rewarding once you get into it, although the tutorial drags on a bit (like 2 hours longer than it needed to be)"
76561198326494224,Recommended,258010,30483611,Posted: 12 March,all,Ignatius,Excellent variety of ships and missions.  Interesting plot.  Simple but funny humor.  An all-around winner!
76561197982567490,Recommended,258010,22948612,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Nathaniel Prime,"Awesome. The combat is pretty good, the story is really good, and the customization options are mind-bogglingly good. It's sort of like... you have classes of ships that have their own strengths and weaknesses. In addition to the typical archetypes you usually see in space games is a grappler class of ship, which does it's damage up close and personal. My definite favorite is the caster class, which has extremely varied and inventive mixes of long range attacks and abilities which do too many things to list. What's more, there are hybrid ships which are mixtures of two classes! Definitely a must-buy for anyone who likes customization!"
,Recommended,258010,28809204,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Eeglis,"I have not played it much, but during the time I playde it, I enjoyed it quite a bit, I'll see if I'll complete this game some day."
76561198024689730,Recommended,258010,23197643,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Laike Endaril,"By far the best top-down 360* space shooter I've ever played.  Story is fantastic, graphics are fancy, and combat is very polished.  The game starts out basic and you unlock more customization and controls as you get further.The RPG-like ship customization goes above and beyond.  It's probably better than 90% of the RPGs out there.  They have enough options to allow for many different builds without making a ton of unnecessary options that have no place in any viable builds.Also, if you get to a boss fight where you can die very quickly and easily...check the rogue weapons and you just might notice something that will...turn the table on them.  I don't want to make it too obvious, but let's just say my favorite part of the game was when I got to laugh off a boss that would otherwise be very difficult.  It's nice when you look at an option in a game and think ""hey...that could be awesome, but I bet bosses are immune to it"" and then find out bosses are not immune to it."
,Recommended,258010,20342842,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Urev,"I've never bothered to write a review on a game before; but this game deserves it. Bought over 5 copies for my friends.A few reasons why it's so OP:-Heavy on customization and skill. Either choose a prebuilt ship, play with a ship created by the community, or create your machine from scratch.-Amazing story for those who prefer story rich games.-Endless replay value due to the many game modes in it.-Several levels of difficulty to constantly keep you challenged.This game is a must play.10/10 will buy again."
76561198051076224,Recommended,258010,12277872,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Greeny,"I think that it is the best single player game I played for the last years.Nice lore; varied and not bothering gameplay; deep, complex and unusual game mechanics; tons of customization.Complexity of fighting-slyles is delightful: you can throw mini-blackholes, use time and space collision devices, eliminate enemies with a energy-chainsaw or push them to the asteroids (or asteroids to them). Of course, standard lasers, rockets etc are included too.Some bad things: it is too difficult to gain enough money to get the top equipment even for the one ship (you must grind  achievements or non-campaing missions), multiplayer is dead, controls will be not very friendly at the first time you will play."
,Recommended,258010,12296057,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,ScarleCat,"This game is amazing and I don't give games that amount of credibility lightly. It reminds me of EVE with the ship customization just in 2d space. The story is pretty amazing and gameplay ranges from easy to IMPOSSIBRU if you don't own good ships yet.I really got into this game after my graphics card crashed... I had to use a $50 temporary replacement so I played this and holy hell even after I got my 780 back from RMA I continued to play.If you enjoy more depth, customization, and story (not the most serious but still amazing) you will love this game. It's well worth $10."
76561197977648717,Recommended,258010,30336707,Posted: 5 March,all,AR-870,"This game is amazing.The cost of this game vs the gameplay, the story, the customization and everything else does not make any sense at all.   There are AAA titles that could take a few chapters out of the book the dev's here wrote.I run games on my desktop and laptop.  My laptop is an old asus republic of gamers laptop, so old i dont remember the specs or can be bothered to look them up.  Plus it has been through hell and some parts changed out.  I digress, this game runs real smooth on this old hunk of junk.Gameplay:  Standard old school space flying/shooting.  Tried and true, it's simple and it is fun.  What enhances the gameplay of seemingly simple functions, is the customization of ships.Ships:  Several types of ships, ie: fighters, grapplers, arsenal....etc.  These are known as hulls, and on the hulls you can pick and choose your shields, your weapons, your power hubs, auxilliary features, kinetic drives, etc.  There is so many ways to set up a ship to you play style.Story:  So far the story is very interesting, comical, suspenseful.  It gets you curious and you want to know.  It isn't text you want to just skip over, and the best part is, is that the wirting is concise.  It is the perfect amount, not short and pointless drivel, or lenghtly meaningless fluff.  It is just right, you get the right amount to keep you wanting more.Multiplayer-  Sorry haven't played it, been playing as solo game, and as solo game it rocks!Cost/Value:  They need to charge more and make more money so these devs can make more games.  If these kind of games are what you like, or you are a gamer that likes most genres, or an older gamer, odds are you will love this gem.  For the price you pay and the amount of content/replayability it is a deal and a half.  I honestly would rather play this game over alot of top end titles, it just so damn fun! and challenging10/10  One of my best purchases in a long time."
,Recommended,258010,13220084,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,minicheatbook,"A fantastic story in the package with a fantastic game to match, if top-down 2d  real-time space battles and very satisfying levels of customization are your thing then this is the game for you! Singleplayer campaign coop is samescreen local coop only. The multiplayer modes are where online coop comes from."
,Recommended,258010,33571870,Posted: 15 July,all,Golden Freeman,"This is a fantastic gem of a game. It's all been said in many of the other positive reviews, but I think it's one of the best couple of dollars I've spent on steam. The real draw for me is the depth in the ship customization. It reminds me of EVE online in that way, except obviously it's a little more stripped down without the MMO elements, and the only thing you're really building your ships for is combat. The combat itself is very fun, with a huge range of difficulty. I'm actually pretty amazed by how much content this little game has, and I've only just scratched the surface. Like other reviewers have said, the 'tutorial' missions are quite long, and it takes some time to get through them, but once you start buying your own parts and trying out different loadouts on your ships it gets quite addictive and fun.I haven't yet finished the campaign, and I guess my one complaint is that I don't think the writing is as funny as it's trying to be, but the fact that the story doesn't take itself too seriously is a positive more than anything. Overall the dialogue (which is how the story is told) is far better written than it has to be for me to tolerate it considering how fun and well-designed the gameplay is. I got it on sale and it was a steal; a must buy if it's on sale, and a must buy at full price if you're into space combat centered around how you build your ship."
,Recommended,258010,7978903,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,zel,"So worth the price... Why do you not own this game yet?Elaborating:The younger folks liken it to SPAZ but the old guard will recall Silent Death or SubSpace (aka Continuum).This however features a nice, long, engaging story along with very deep play options. It does take some patience as the game is setup to ease you into the complexitiy and to be honest, it is worth your time to do so especially since you have to ""research"" hulls and equipment before you can even ""purchase"" them for use. If you feel like you're stuck behind a power curve playing the story missions, play around in some on-line games to earn more currency to buy equipment and hulls with. Ask questions on the forums here, it has people who are generally helpful.Also, the companion book is very good and I enjoyed it throughly.The multiplayer netcode is so smooth especially when you consider it is peer based with no dedicated server and it transitions very well usually, only occasionally does the migration fail and it is usually because the original host crashed or something. What really cracks me up is that RR does multi so well, and yet Bioware with all their resources has serious problems with their 4 player ME3 multiplayer.Anyways, i love this game so much, i hope more people get into playing it on multi...."
,Recommended,258010,7951301,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,626,"Awesome game for £6. It's actually very indepth with all the customization considering at a glance it looks like Asteroid on crack. Pretty badass story mode too with some fun references, acclaimed to be 30+ hours. I haven't finished it, or been timing myself lol.There are loads of difficulty settings and you can change it whenever, so it's a very playable game for the most casual to hardcore gamers.I'd recommend utilizing the game's controller support if you can, as this game feels as though it would play heaps better with a controller. The mouse+keyboard controls are good albeit difficult."
,Recommended,258010,19137669,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,burlapjack,Pleasantly surprised was I when I found that this gamewas much more than just a simple space shooter.The rich story and ship customizations are a fantasticfeature of this game that keep me coming back to playagain and again.  It's well worth the low price tag.Sci-fi:               YESStory:               YESAction:             YESReplay:             YES
,Recommended,258010,20049637,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Fighter5345,"One of the best top down space shooters I've played. Runs smooth, combat is nice, ship customization is wonderful, and a decent leangth campaign!"
,Recommended,258010,9830136,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,[101AB]taiiat,"Ring Runner: Flight of the Sages blew me away.it  had looked interesting for a long time, as if the gameplay would be different and something i could really enjoy.after trying it, boy was i right. but i got a LOT more than i bargained for, from an Indie Developer i've never heard of, and the pretty bargain bin price.this game, has downright absurd depth and attention to detail.the gameplay is very skill based, controlling your ship takes practice and mastering of Inertial forces.Gameplay is not just point and click, you will be required to think your actions out to control your ship well and survive. Controls are numerous and will take some getting used to, but i find are very rewarding to invest the effort to do so.the Story... doesn't suck. i know, that's weird, a Video Game with a story that isn't garbage.to build on this story you get from the Campaign, there is ample flavor text on just about everything - which ties into the story.and boy, the customization and variety. as you play through the Campaign, you are given the opportunity to try out many ships and get a feel for them. eventually though, you're given free Hangar customization freedom. i was already loving the game before that, and as soon as i saw the Hangar, and all of the customization available.... just wow.browsing the customization, i was instantly overwhelmed with buckets of unique parts and ships. there's a playstyle for everyone. hell, there's probably 20 playstyles for everyone, because there's just so many different ways to play.an enourmous plethora of Weapons, special Abilities, Ship classes and Hulls in each class to choose from. every single Weapon, Ability and Hull does a spectacular job of standing out from the rest, and being unique. no cookie cutter content here.Ring Runner will also run on just about anything, while still looking very nice and can be an enjoyable visual experience for both low end and high end users.the Options allow for wide customization of Video, Audio, Controls, as well as Gameplay related features and settings. if you're a power user, you will not feel left out if you prefer things a certain way.playing Ring Runner, i can feel as if i'm in a living Universe. Characters have personality, and the backstory of this Universe is more than sufficient for your mind to build the world around you.the only complaints i could possibly have, are all very minor. the Menu UI could be built a little better, and the game HUD could be easier to see against the background of the game. a couple of the colors blend in with the background of the game a little too well, and can therefore be hard to read.all in all, i am blown away by this little gem i've found. Ring Runner doesn't deserve the meager existence it has, this is a much, much better game than it appears to be. it is a shame that Ring Runner is not well known of, as this game should be much more popular than it is.a very well presented product, Triple B Titles has a very well put together game here. the name Triple B doesn't even do justice, this is a higher quality game than that.Ring Runner is now one of my favorite Space Games.if i was forced to rate Ring Runner, i would rate no lower than 90.0/100."
76561197999318673,Recommended,258010,7816932,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,xantose,"Overall this is just an awesome indie game. I just love the vast amount of customization and abilities it lets you do. It has good and lengthy story (took about 15h on my first playthrough on sage), combat is great, fun extra scenarios, and overall probably one of the best top down space shooters I have ever played. Definitely a great game that is easily worth the price they're asking."
,Recommended,258010,8528416,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Bloodnamed,"Ring Runner: Flight of the Sages is the center of an emerging story-telling universe, and is possibly the best new game I've played since VVVVVV.  If you're a fan of arcade spaceship combat set in a detailed SCI-FI universe, then Ring Runner will likely hold your interest for a while.  The story telling is well thought out and moving to the last line.The core gameplay is built around several different types of ships, from traditional shoot and scoot play ala Freelancer, to stealth tactics relying on precise timing of your abilities, to more devious physics based attacks reminiscent of Half Life's Gravity Gun.Played it through and I want more!  Help support these guys, they started from the ground up in college and finished the game out with a kickstarter campaign for funding.  Would love to see them come back with a second installment of the game detailing the Extinguishing."
,Recommended,258010,7998271,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,kastaldi,"I was quite skeptical after reading some very positive comments but, after buying this game during a sale, I was amazed playing it for a while. Story sounds good and battles are short but meaningful, like chapters of a book. You must fine tune the mouse controls to aim correctly and get used to physics to avoid crashing on the walls, over and over. I know it can be frustrating at the beginning because you spend a lot of time trying to drive the ship and fire at the enemy at the same time but, after getting to the top of this hill, you will get only fun, learn to slide, strafe and so on. Backgrounds and effects are very nice and there is a hangar to fully customize your ships."
,Recommended,258010,20533965,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,God,"What you are paying for is a single player campaign that, depending on how fast you care to progress, takes about 20-25 hours to complete. The best way to describe the story is that it is a bit of a discount Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy where the characters aren't to be taken seriously, and the plot isn't to be scrutinized. The gameplay is whatever you decide to make of it, whether you care to bounce nimbly around your target while slowly picking it to bits with a rapid firing laser, slink about while under a cloak attacking from stealth, float about in a fortress whilst subjecting your targets to heavy missile salvoes, smash your opponents bridge in with a space flail, or manipulate gravity in order to dominate your opponent, this game will oblige if you put the time in to customize. Other small details such as having a good soundtrack and pretty graphics (I mean pretty in the sense that they are nice to look at, not that they require a 500 dollar graphics card to run) really make the entirety of the game a well spent 30 hours, especially so considering how it only cost me a dollar.My only two grievances with the game are that the multiplayer is dead, and that the potential for the single player to be a bit more open world isn’t utilized.All in all, I give it a solid  9/10"
,Recommended,258010,20674534,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,XenoJade,"ALL THE YES. This game took me 30 hours to complete in single player, with me only half-trying to complete the bonus missions in the game. Not once did I wish for the game to 'be over' already... but the bonus missions DID get tiresome after awhile.Multiplayer seems dead, though the single player was well worth it regardlesse."
76561198047169453,Recommended,258010,22226562,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,DeinonychusCowboy,"A quirky space shooter with a deeply developed universe and a LOT of satire. A space comedy, but the plot grows surprisingly deep and involved over time. Think Hitchhiker's Guide in tone, though the execution is rather different.Gameplay is good once you get used to the controls, but there are several different control schemes, so you can find the one that is most intuitive for you. Missions are short and to the point, which works very well given the game doesn't take itself seriously (a good thing).Ships are extremely customizable, to the point of being confusing and unwieldy. To do an effective build,  you'll have to spend several hours learning about the ship types and components and how they work. Or you can just slap a bunch of random crap into a Caster and mash buttons, like I did. A great deal of potential for novel/interesting playstyles with this system, but very little hand-holding for players who just want progressively better ships to shoot at the bad guys with.Well-balanced and always remains interesting. The plot moves forward more steadily and naturally than many games I've played. Characters are loveable, though the game has a tendency of killing them off, so don't get too attached.Graphics, while nothing spectacular, stand out nicely among your usual indie games."
,Recommended,258010,31511377,Posted: 2 May,all,Cake,"Supports Dvorak keyboard , is good game. Oh yeah humor is also great"
,Recommended,258010,28631713,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,fR0z3n.s0u1,"An absolute underdog. Great quasi-newtonian flat dogfight simulator. Has interesting plot, singleplayer campaign with challenges (from simple to very hard), and a freeplay(?) mode I haven't even tried yet. Customization options are off the charts."
,Recommended,258010,24218071,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Cypress Stick,"I had given up on this one. There is a steep learning curve and it's basically unplayable without a gamepad. But there was so much promise, so I had another go and have been generously rewarded. There is so much to do! There are numerous unlockable difficulties, too many ship parts to count, endless customization and replayability and a well-written story to boot. It will also probably take a while to get all the Steam cheevos. Get it for 1$. You can't lose."
,Recommended,258010,26813695,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,5ennn,"Pretty great little gem. Long story and in-depth customisation. Very cheap during steam sales, pick it up :)"
,Recommended,258010,27697100,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Seseel Lybon,"Having finished the game on 5 diffirent occassions, I can definetly say that it's a wonderfull little game.The campaign is a real rollercoaster from begin to end and doubles as a tutorial. Play it on easy if you just want to enjoy the story, or play it on the hardest difficulty if you want an impossible challenge. Next to that, every level has a set of chellanges  to complete, some which can't be completed at the same time. It's pretty touching, but it also ha the best jokes and moments I've ever heard.While not having touched the multiplayer too much, with its various co-op horde modes and competitive MOBA style missions, it's quite varied."
76561197978235593,Recommended,258010,30093108,Posted: 21 February,all,mrjohng,"Okay, I've played this for a few hours now, and it's probably worth the dollar I paid for it, but a lot of the design decisions that went into this game are, frankly, infuriating.  For example:Combat is constantly being interrupted with inane dialog.  It isn't even good dialog.  Seriously, Devorak keyboard salesmen?There are *literally* THREE HOURS of tutorial missions before you get to customize your ship.The research system is mind-numbingly stupid.  You can't buy new equipment, even if you have the money for it, until you spend hours of real time waiting around for it to research.  And, just to add insult to injury, the research is semi-random, so you may need to wait multiple times before you research what you want.Controls for actual combat are a little odd, but are okay once you get a hang of them.  However, the controls for the two mini-games I've experienced so far were absolutely terrible.  Also, the mini-games were awful.  They make me wish for quick-time events they are so bad.Overall, it's not the worst game I've ever played.  The combat is kinda fun, and that's most of the game.  I probably wouldn't pay more than a buck or two for it, though."
76561198023859363,Recommended,258010,34565845,Posted: 28 August,all,Terazashim,"This game is so much fun!! I was hoping for a game I could play casually, and was pleasantly surprised to find that this could be played either casually or more seriously, and best of all had a hugely entertaining story. The ship customization can be as complicated or as simple as you want it to be, and the main story line walks you through everything you need to know.I would highly recommend playing it with a controller rather than a mouse and keyboard..."
,Recommended,258010,29635142,Posted: 1 February,all,Jedzenie,"Criminally underrated gem of a game!So much depth and customization of ships, a huge campaign with plenty of variety, great multiplayer modes, and an absolute steal of a price for how much content there is. Obviously a labor of love.Really sad this game never got the attention it deserved, and I eagerly await what the devs will do for their next project."
,Recommended,258010,30316681,Posted: 4 March,all,[TE] Kirov,One of the best space shooters I've played in a good long time.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,258010,18731456,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Flacketeer,"This game is a hidden gem.-Tons of customization and playstyles for 2d arcade spaceship combat-Snarky, witty writing makes dialogue fun-Huge galaxy to explore with its own lore-Pretty long story if you do everything-Hell they even got single ship co-op, driver and gunner-They have a workshop for ship custimizationsThis game would be amazing online. But alas, no one is on."
,Recommended,258010,19334346,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,grandal,How is this game not hyped more?
,Recommended,258010,9867994,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Surly Bearfists,Awesome game for those who are a fan of Star Control/Ur Quan Masters
,Not Recommended,258010,12490931,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,celeste_ar,"Okay look, this game is probably good if you really like super deep spreadsheet-like customization. 4Xs and old school RPGs. But as for me, being a stupid casual pleb, i just found it all very overwhelming and confusing. the user interface is really disorientating and playing this game felt more like a chore to be done than something fun and relaxing to play when you come home from work or school. I play videogames to escape and relax for a while. This game only gave me a headache.And as for the gameplay, it plays kind of like a twinstick shooter mixed with a spaceflight-sim. and in my opinion it ends up feeling very clunky."
,Recommended,258010,24659230,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Mango,"Well, fancy this, first review i acctually bother to write, well, that my friends it's for a reason, i can be a right nitpicky c*nt, and i mean pick on a game for messing up an obscure fact that nobody cares about level of nitpickyness, and i can't find a thing to complain about this game, no, about this experience, it's trully brilliant, i think i haven't played a game that felt so much like a universe with acctual characters, that are ALIVE in ages.I have unresonably high expectation of every game i play, and i mean it, i want my games to get everything right and to say this one did, is really like saying a nuke is kinda loud, i hear you thinking, KINDA? a nuke literally tears you appart with how loud it is you idiot!...well i can't really hear you, i'm not senile yet.The combat is brilliant, the customization is wonderfull, daunting at first i'll admit, but wonderfull, hell the developers even did their homework, most of your weapons are subject to the fact that space is a void, so is your ship, and by extension its inertia, it might make it kinda hard to get a grip of things at first, but it's quite a nice little detail that's saved my ship from overheating more times than i care to admit.So, from a nittpicky self nammed critic, this game really did do everything right, and is more than worth its money, in fact i'd say it's worth more than that and should be bought right now!"
,Recommended,258010,24681757,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Admiral Squirg,"Very engaging singleplayer campaign, well written characters, concepts, and dialogue. Good variety of missions that can be tackled in numerous ways and won't bore you. Estimated length is 30~ hours. If the game was singleplayer only it would still be worth at least 20$ imho.Ship classes translate very well, casters, rogues, grapplers, etc all perform intuitively and if you like a certain playstyle in normal RPGs chances are you'll like them here as well. Furthermore, the ability to customize weapons, abilities, and ship handling is very in-depth without being overly complicated. All systems are rather basic but work together for a very deep experience. If you want to make a ship loadout that perfectly suits your combat style, you can. The developers certainly knew what they were doing here.Haven't really touched multiplayer, but you can do CO-OP missions or PvP using the ships you built in singleplayer. Lots of fun. Get this game for everyone you know that like games like FTL, Sunrider, or Infinite Space."
76561198001101593,Recommended,258010,26508220,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Valinde,"Just found out I never gave this game a positive review despite playing the hell out of it, way back.The thing that got me interested in FOTS was the soundtrack, which I heard before playing the game itself, and it was dope AF. It's mostly upbeat, energetic and all awesome. It sticks with you for a while, since the graphics and art style, otherwise,  are average at best. It doesn't just kick♥♥♥♥♥ it leaves it marked for life.Next up, the gameplay. It's all top-down, very fast-paced, played with either mouse + keyboard or just keyboard. Interestingly, it borrows a bit from RPGs in that you can pick a ""ship class"", that mostly defines your playstyle and gear, from a dog-fighting, acrobatic fighter that shoots many lasers (personal favorite, maybe) to a big hulkin' missile boat THAT REQUIRES TWO PEOPLE TO FLY. WHAT ?You get to fly around the galaxy and meet people, it's pretty swell, yo. There's even a story thrown in that has you and various people, one inside your head, snarking away at the slightest nudge. Some moments are downright hilarious, which was very pleasantly surprising.It ain't all perfect though ! Most of the missions are very repetitive, either in the way of reused assets or objectives, or arena-like combat (though this particular trope/cliché/whatever is played on with a few twists) , and sometimes the game feels very rough around the edges. You don't navigate menus, you trudge through them. Outfitting ships is anything but intuitive. Escort missions are used too fookin' often, and the backstory is more plentiful on the fookin' trading cards than in-game ! What ?Other than that ? The music, man. I still listen to it, probably will for a while. It's that good. It makes the whole experience very, very much worth your while. After all, it'll stay with yo♥♥♥♥♥forever."
,Recommended,258010,26470786,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,raymaster,I enjoy this game very much. So much so that I have to limit my time played. It is easy to get caught up and lose a day. The other reviews speak for themselves. The makers of this game should be very proud!
,Recommended,258010,8698804,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Dead_Parrot,"It's hard to describe this game if you haven't played something like it before. The closest I can come up with is a 2.5d top down version of a chris roberts game with the insanity on the weapons turned up to 11. When you first start playing it's a bit chaotic because the weapons are so varied it's hard to understand what you're getting attacked with and with so many things happening on screen at the same time it can seem overwelming, once you gain an understanding what you're left with is a gem of a skill based tactical 2d top down space shooter that's packed with customization and replayablity.The only real downsides are the multiplayer is pretty damned dead, nobody seems to play and the game's controls with a keyboard and mouse are kind of bad if you don't have a controller to play with."
,Recommended,258010,23765761,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ophly,"Currently, during the Steam Summer Sale, I HIGHLY encourage you to spend the SINGLE dollar to buy this masterpiece.This is definitely one of my favorite games of all time. It might be extremely bold to put it up there with something like Half-Life, but in my book, it holds a place similar to that of the Half-Life series. Having leaned towards multiplayer games throughout my short lifetime of gaming, most singleplayer games repel me due to their inability to immerse me with realistic AI that keep me entertained. Games like Half-Life, the Elder Scrolls and Ring Runner: Flight of the Sages, have kept me enthralled with their hilarity and interesting qualities. Although these games have not pushed me to experience the entirety of the storyline, what they offered kept making me return for more.It is very important to note the brilliance of the soundtrack, the visuals and storyline within this game. They are absolutely outstanding. I absolutely adore the vibe that the personalities of characters eminate.  However, I have yet to note the gameplay. With the extremely vast availability of customization, you'll almost always find yourself facing off hordes of unique ships while piloting your own perfected ship loadout among a gorgeous backdrop of planets and stars.The only true downside I can possibly pinpoint is the lack of a community and therefore the absence of multiplayer functionality. There are NO players. Other than that, there is a lack of customization during the start of the story, which slowly opens up through gameplay, but takes some time to gain access to. As for casual gamers, there are only a handful options to bypass the customization, which is very overwhleming, hence the slow buildup.Overall, without the consideration that this was in fact TripleBTitles' FIRST game produced; their own learning experience, this game is one I do recommend. This is definitely influenced by my own tastes, but again said, this in my own book, is a masterpiece.Even if I was not sure about this game, again, during the Summer Sale, I would pay a dollar; who wouldn't?"
,Recommended,258010,18864671,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Chicken Bot,"i actually kinda feel bad getting this game for such a cheap price, holly molly its gorgeous, the gameplay feels like a space simulator like it plays where you have only one trust direction and then it doesnt stop going, ya know, no gravity,"
76561198008634772,Recommended,258010,9234632,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Procyon,"Fantastic. So much more complex than you'd expect a top down space shooter to be - they're serious about ""400+ unique abilities""."
,Recommended,258010,19301454,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,DragonFlayer,"Wow, this game is addictively fun"
76561198007893258,Recommended,258010,8383619,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Akimboto,"If you're looking for a top-down, Geometry Wars type, space shooter, you've come to the right place.While sometimes this game gets repetitive, aggravating, and petty, there are a bunch of redeeming qualities too.Fully customizable(equipment and skills) ships, massive DotA-like multiplayer, impressive storyline and dialogue, multitudes of minigames and beautiful graphics.These are just some of the interesting aspects of this game, so I implore you to try it out."
76561197992707649,Recommended,258010,8667288,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,PeanutBuddha,"The best twin-stick shooter I've played. Classic fantasy-RPG based classes for the hulls, hundreds of skills and parts to customize with. Procedural maps to blast your friends on. The single-player campaign takes quite awhile to really get going, but the story's decent and the soundtrack is pretty damn good. All-in-all, I'd say it's well worth a purchase."
76561198042768875,Recommended,258010,13460918,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Turavis,"First off, If you managed to navigate to this store page, then you will greatly enjoy this game.It is very well done in all aspects including the story, gameplay, music and more. There is an attention to detail throughout the game which makes it truly enjoyable along with an incredible amount of replayability.What, are you still reading this review? There's a cosmos out there waiting for you."
,Recommended,258010,29792958,Posted: 8 February,all,combustiblelemon,"A nigh-unto untouched gem. I was given this as a gift from a friend and loved it.---Pros:- tons of references hidden in the lore and achievements- it has a soundtrack and a book- Hilarity- good, challenging gameplay reminiscent of space invaders on magical steroids(with 2 dimensions of movement).- extremely long gameplay time for the price. Occasionally you get it on sale for, like, $2 or less. get it then.---possible cons:- there is an organization in it you might take offense at the naming and portrayal of: PITA, based off of real life PETA (people for the ethical treatment of animals) but with turrets as their primary concern instead of animals.- It is based off of a book that I haven't read, so if you have read the book you might have a slightly different experience with it than I did.- if you are like me and are an achievement completionist, it is a PAIN to get all the achievements. Almost as bad as TF2 in that regard.- there are ships that require a second player to use unless I am mistaken. You don't *have* to use them, but they come in handy- co-op may be limited to local play, not sure.- controls clunky on keyboard, try xbox 360 controller"
,Recommended,258010,28791597,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,`Chimaera,10/10
,Recommended,258010,28645397,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mimic,Awesome Game. Tuns of customization options for ships and components.
76561197981548323,Recommended,258010,9888977,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Shonkawakan,"Suddenly a very good thing, punctually corresponding to its description. I think i ain't gone very far from the beginning by now, it seems to be too easy on any other difficulty that the hardest which i'm playing on, yet takes some dedication to get used to controls, and flying and combat peculiarities, as It's a top-down 2D, while my pilot skills are all coming  from X3 Reunion and HAWX and based on the first pirson view. Yet it's quite intresting to fly and to fight in there, especially when you get better with understanding how it is handled properly.Nice graphics and tolerable-to-nice 8-bit (ore how ever it's called) soundtrack.Plot dialogues written with great talent and humour.To sum up - a good game worth a try, especially for playing in short spans of time between more useful occupations).PS Would be nice to have a 3d game based on this one, with 1st and 3d person view and comfortable controls.Неожиданно хорошая вешь, вполне соответствующая своему описанию. Далеко от начала пока зайти не удалось - слишком легкая на всех настройках сложности кроме максимальной, а на максимальной приходиться поумирать пока привыкнешь к особенностям двухмерности и вида сверху, так как у меня все навыки по летной части из X3 Reunion и HAWX и в основном с видом от первого лица. Но летать и рубиться довольно интересно, особенно когда начинаешь лучше понимать, как это правильно делать. Смотрится неплохо, саундтрэк тоже ничего, не считая того что он восьмибитный.Сюжетные диалоги хорошо написаны- талантливо и с юмором то есть.В общем в целом вполне достойная игра, особенно для коротких заходов между делом.ЗЫ. Не помешала бы и трехмерная игра на основе этой, с видом от 1 и 3 лица и хорошим управлением."
,Recommended,258010,13376138,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Vino [Olive Garden],"Wow! I was really amazed at how much I love this game. What appears to be a generic top-down space shooter turns out to be well-written, polished, and tons of fun. I never would have guessed that I'd be playing Asteroids for the plot, but here we are. The RPG/customization elements (once you get access to them in the story mode) are pretty cool too! :)Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,258010,9863136,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,harlequin,this is really a great game
,Recommended,258010,24763599,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,=T$E= Philsco,"Man...it's a good thing this game is so goddamn fun, because it has some of THE WORST controls I've ever used!Seriously, the game pad sucks, and the M+KB sucks only a little less.  They're clunky, nonintuitive, and kind'a-sort'a a total mess lol.That aside, this is a very, very, VERY fun game, and for the low price tag it's TOTALLY worth picking up!"
76561197969651045,Recommended,258010,27691562,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Wyndwraith,"This is hands-down the best space shooter I have ever played. The equipment and ships allow for wildly different playstyles, the controls are tight, and the story is actually quite good. This game deserves far more attention than it's gotten."
76561197993519747,Recommended,258010,13002726,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Cepstrum,"Surprisingly polished and deep, Ring Runner's gameplay draws inspiration from old school shmups like Asteroids, and Mechwarrior for ship customization, campaign and progression.The campaign is linear but varied and very long to complete (don't rely on my Steam stats), and also challenging if you decide to play in Sage difficulty or higher. I recommend playing on Sage, the game is way too easy otherwise. Most missions can be replayed with a different, fully customized ship and that, in my opinion, is one of the greatest strengths of the game.The story is engaging, has a nice touch of humor, and features many characters whose personality can be felt without ever seeing their faces. The game is backed by an original lore that justifies the way all technologies used in the game work, which adds a lot to immersion and will surely appeal to all Sci Fi fans like me.Ship customization is incredibly deep for a game with such a classy shmup gameplay. Here are some ship kinds you can fly:- A heavy gunship with thick shields that shoot rockets all over the place, or let its couple dozen turret pets do the shooting.- An agile and accurate fighter that also relies on heat to cripple its foes. Yes, there is a heat stat just like in Mechwarrior.- A ""Caster"" ship that creates gravity fields to snare its targets and wipe them out with damaging AOEs.- A melee ship that can pull others toward them to drill them or smash them with a space flail (!)- A cloaking rogue ship that creates holograms to confuse the crap out of the AI, then deal huge damage while they have their backs turned. Special attention has been given to stealth mechanics ; enemy ships will only spot you while you're cloaked if you get in front of them or fly into a radar ray.You can also combine all of the above with hybrid ships. My favorite ship is a less stealthy rogue with the agility of a fighter.Graphically and artistically, Ring Runner isn't particularly fancy, but it's polished and it will run smoothly on any PC.Another point that really surprised me: the game's soundtrack is one of the best I've heard in a long time, it's really amazing and nicely fits its atmosphere (or its lack of atmosphere - it's space after all). You can easily find it on the internet.TL;DR: If you like games with classic shmup mechanics, deep customization and an original Sci Fi story, this is the one."
,Recommended,258010,12404952,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Tom (Cryohazard),"Absolutely outstanding. If you were a fan of SPAZ's combat but found the game as a whole a little shallow, pick this up.I can't recommend this enough."
76561198089420701,Recommended,258010,12420505,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,EDY,Make me remember the good old time games.I only can recommend it.
76561197986991105,Recommended,258010,7727848,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Dagoth Nick,"A remarkable fun bullet hell space shooter with an open map design and incredibly customizable ships. It drops with lore, to the point where the trading cards have massive text dumps full of information about the  races and setting. The weapons have an impressively wide variety, ranging from bullet-spewing balls of plasma that match your velocity on launch to grappling beams that launch enemies into terrain.Only downside is that the tutorial lasts a very long time.Really long.Like super long."
,Recommended,258010,31659890,Posted: 9 May,all,clusterfuck,"Don't tell me, you didn't pick this when it was on sale for 0,99 €... If you didn't, nobody will kiss you for that."
76561198054646614,Recommended,258010,8555254,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,FRENETICO!!!!!,"I've never been a fan of space shooters but this game changed my opinion. It has a good story, dialogues are well made, have a enjoyable gameplay and ship customization is just awesome.i just dont understand why some people keep complaining about the controls and the physics, there's nothing wrong with them."
76561198041399833,Recommended,258010,8148850,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,KingCarnival,Fun Sci-Fi shooter with a unique sense of humor and  loads of personality
,Recommended,258010,15994720,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Zatchooze,"Its highly recommended to get an XBOX controller for this one. There's a lot of variety in game modes, a lot of customization, a lot of story.What more do you want?"
,Recommended,258010,7900425,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,E-Z Reffilz,"Wicked good oldschool scifi, huge singleplayer game both fun and an entertaining space opera, get it and pass it on."
,Recommended,258010,19904294,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,KFC Manager,"Underrated as ♥♥♥♥, I'm impressed8/10"
,Recommended,258010,8899123,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,[PriPara] Blushing Boo-pri,An okay game with an okay story and okay customization options for each ship.Its alright.10/10
76561198005972139,Recommended,258010,9983102,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,TheMNL,"Great humor, some choises in-game, but is really strong when you put players in an arena and make them fight. Too bad no one is actually playing this online.. Would still reccomend playing it just for the single-player campain, though"
76561198028372953,Recommended,258010,22731932,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Shade,awesome story and jokes20+ hours of great gameplayREALLY cheap on sale
,Recommended,258010,7978651,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Ajdino,"One of the best games I've played all year. If indie games were put into a pile this would be one of the games near the top of the pile. The music is a kind of space themed techno that really hits all the right chords and really brings in the mood. However it reminds me a lot of Pink Floyd and other progressive rock sounds, but that's the kind of music I listen to. The sound effects are top notch as well. The graphics are very good, the background is very busy and colourful, and the special effects in this game were made with blood, sweat, and tears. The best part of the game is the explosion effects. The bigger the object, the more detailed the explosion. The storyline is light hearted and smart, definitely makes me crack a smile and wows me at the same time. The difficulty in this game is true to what you set it as, which means the AI was very well crafted. The campaign is 20 hours, but there is multiplayer to boot, which means you could definitely spend hundreds of hours on this game. There are plenty of multiplayer modes to play, really different from eachother as well. I highly recommend this game.9/10"
,Recommended,258010,28438178,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Tyler the Ultimate Badass,I blew up a garbage truck.I headbutted a piece of trash until it died.I commited genocide for peanut butter.10/10 I like this game.
76561197993020552,Recommended,258010,12653217,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,ForgedInHell,"This is one of very few games that captures you and won't let go until you are done with it, and when you done it doesn't leave sour taste in your mouth. Story is superb, game mechanics is very deep and complex, yet simple to get a hang of (mastering it is another matter). Game is amazingly well designed, and scripted. Apart from playing it yourself, only way to describe it, is to remember that first game, you spent playing all summer brake long, fell in love with and just kept coming back for more, and when it was done, you look for more of it, either waiting for sequell, reading book it's based off or joining a forum for those that share same passion for that game, Remeber that feeling? one that you vividly remember, but can't seem to capture again? This game brought it back for me. I feel guilty for buying it while it was on sale, because it worth every penny, and then some."
76561198047155875,Not Recommended,258010,23446444,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,karl.blume,"All in all, I find this game much too repetitive for my taste. The challenge is just right, though, if you can keep up interest."
76561197973778278,Recommended,258010,9846015,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Magilla Guerrilla,"I was really surprised by the quality of this game.  The core game mechanics are really fun, and there is a ton of content including an interesting and entertaining story campaign.  I got it on sale but it would have been worthwhile even at full price."
76561197969856043,Recommended,258010,11554290,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Svigvard,"This level of customizability in a space shooter is a big draw for me.  It takes a surprisingly large number of story mission completions before you organically unlock the ship builder, but the game lets you bypass that if you really want to jump right into the deep end of the pool.The story is fine, serving as an adequate vehicle for the varied and entertaining missions.  Most of  my fun, however, is in the scenarios.  There's a couple different styles and they keep me trying different builds to master the vastly different difficulty levels.  I got it at full price when it first came out and haven't regretted it one bit."
,Recommended,258010,31138352,Posted: 14 April,all,oopadoompa,One of the better space games out there
76561198004150123,Recommended,258010,29958559,Posted: 16 February,all,Exeter,Singleplayer looks OK.....but I want to play with friends. But unable to play co-op or other multiplayer game..... CONNECTION TIMED OUT!!!! DEVS????SO if MP will be working....it will be fun. But for NOW... I cant recommend itEDIT: Thx Devs for quick patch...its working now :)
,Recommended,258010,12396380,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Laurgo,BUY IT
76561198140623203,Recommended,258010,12399580,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,B-god,MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING 10/10 I MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING RECOMMEND THIS MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING GAME. TOTALLY MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING WORTH IT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!
76561198071502915,Recommended,258010,25261862,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,abnermcallen87,great game
76561198026979624,Recommended,258010,7921505,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,rythmshifter,this is one of the best indie games I've ever played.  Hell its of the best games period.
76561198078375552,Recommended,258010,13627059,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,vkIMF,"It's pretty good for the most part. Controls take some getting used to, and there's often so many abilities on your ship that it's hard to focus, but you can change that later. As another reviewer mentioned, the ""intro"" is ridiculously long.One major irritation is that the game is very linear. You only get to make choices every now and then, and even when you DO, the game still forces you to play a different way. For example, there are a LOT of missions where you get to choose the ship you want to play and set up all of its options, which is really cool. But then, about halfway through the mission, through one dumb plot line or another, they make you play a different ship with a vastly different play style.Another minor irritation, is that there are no ""lives"" so if you die, you have to start the mission all over again. That would be okay, IF you didn't have to play in a playstyle that you didn't want to play in."
76561198066709775,Recommended,258010,19560418,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,skywill_15,"This is a great game.  The writing is brilliant, the science fiction as inventive as you can find anywhere while still making physicists like me happy.  You will find more witty one liners and past culture references than you can shake a stick at.  It has several multiplayer modes as diverse and almost as balanced as League of Legends, and I do not say that lightly.  It has a bunch of ATARI games you can play, and everything you do unlocks more of the game.  It just keeps unfolding like a great book.  The campaign introduces you gently to the many possible tactics in the game.  The setting is fantastic.  Ring Runner is clearly a labor of love; you will find it in every nook and cranny.It is the best game you will buy this year."
76561197979948240,Recommended,258010,12008301,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Sunn brO))),"This game got like no press, and that's nuts. It's honestly one of the best sci-fi action RPGs I've played in a whileFrom the top:-It's a space game that follows the fighter/caster/rogue archetype. And does it well.-It's really well written. Original and funny. Reminded me a lot of the Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy.-There's a crazy amount of content in the game (especially in terms of spaceship customization and strategy)-It looks pretty damn good. The minimal aesthetic works for it.-Soundtrack is catchy as hell.-It just obviously has a lot of love and effort put into it. It's solid in basically every regard."
76561198085120802,Recommended,258010,10006614,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,airlynx99,"Deceptively simple looking yet incredibly complex little game, the multiplayer deems this one to learn.  I bought this just as a cheap little game I could share with a few friends, but the amount of things to learn in the game has driven a few of them away; however, it only drew me closer.  If you like incredibly complex systems and perfectly balancing your customized ships then this is an awesome game.  If you don't then its not the game for you."
76561197977295595,Recommended,258010,7957973,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Jetfire,Twinstick shooter with a story and ship building??? Yes sir!
,Recommended,258010,7958847,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,DaPortlyJester,Everything I learned about this game during its crowd funding phase and during the TV show is fully realized and well worth the play. One of the happiest indie purchases I have made recently.
76561198066518132,Recommended,258010,15517185,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,bentedge27,This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Star Control 2 meets Asteroids. Nuff said.
76561197972406770,Recommended,258010,7953384,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Rhentin,"This game, is well put together. Single player campaign is fun, but after a while incredibly challenging. Nearly limitless customization when it comes to ship loadout. As a bonus, whoever wrote for this game has a rediculous sense of humor. Campaign is funny, but serious. Seriously check it out."
76561198002825717,Recommended,258010,7964657,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,PopeVaderIV,"Awesome top down shooter, writing is surprisingly good even if there's no voice acting, also the visuals are a beautiful mix of 2d and 3d.  If you like games like SPAZ, Freelancer, or Continuum you'll love this."
76561197969907665,Recommended,258010,7966450,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Sir Snipeington,Oh my... the controls in this have to be some of the best i've encountered in years. It works VERY VERY well on gamepads... can't comment on Keyboards but this game definitely nails it. Big big fun so far. (about 9 hours in)
,Recommended,258010,10262370,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Mazzle Dazzle,"I bought this game for one reason, duo ships for local co-op(I researched local co-op and tried to figure out how before I bought it).  What I discovered was an amazing game.  The premise of the game is awesome.  I also like the humor of the game.  For one you have a universal translator thing but it's like a real translator as it translates things literally and you have to use context clues to figure out what the real meaning behind it is. It's kind of a joke but I thought it was hilarious as someone that has attempted to learn another language.Anyway there is such a large variety of ships and a lot of subsystems that can really add a lot of depth to the game.  For instance you can take a ship and have the worst heatsink in the world on it, but you can add a vent thing that reduces your heat by venting it out leaving a flaming trail that will hurt other ships.  You can put a stealth system and mark targets before unleashing a payload that will kill most ships.  You can lay turrets or summon assisting drone ships that you can command.The ship customization adds a huge level of depth and you can use moves creatively.  For instance you could use a turret and a tether and drag the turret with you as a side weapon, you could drop an explosive and use a kinetic push move to launch it at someone.  That's just the tip of it.If you have any doubts try the demo and I'm sure you'll love it."
,Recommended,258010,22074412,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,[DLVG] Nobody,.
,Recommended,258010,9895541,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,D i b s,Great. One of my personal favourite games.
76561198281049420,Recommended,258010,21869996,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Хикка ДомоSAD,10/10
,Recommended,258010,14155622,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Dragonlord3344,I have alot of fun with local coop.
,Recommended,258010,15780786,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Oracle,"This is the top-down shoot 'em up game you're looking for. It has everything you want. It has a great storyline and accompanying single-player gameplay to introduce you to the concepts, it has funny dialogue, but where this game really shines is in the customisation and multiplayer gamemodes. It's just... exceptional. The game will facilitate every conceivable desired playstyle, from the simple to the immensely complex. As a result gameplay can be -hugely- varied based on your choices. Absolutely worth a look."
,Recommended,258010,8262702,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mithaldu,"A truly creative mixture of Asteroids, Street Fighter and Disgaea.It takes the aesthetics and overall design choices from Asteroids in a charming manner.It takes the frantic, but still highly tactical combat from Street Fighter by making it possible to kit out a ship with a small selection of abilities that have a mind-bogglingly wide range of effects and then asking you to apply them in high-speed and close-quarters combat.It takes the extreme wide range of available content (ship classes, hulls, equipment) from Disgaea, allowing extreme customization of how the game is played.It's not for everyone and especially the controls take some time to get used to, but i'll recommend at least a look at it very highly."
76561198032345390,Recommended,258010,33549371,Posted: 14 July,all,Nyet Diem,"Fun game. Little repetitive, but likeable. Can't play for very long at any given time."
76561198129700448,Recommended,258010,24616044,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Tantarboy,Recommended with a controller. Quite fun
76561198077773591,Recommended,258010,11712844,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Experimental Food,sehr nett
76561197988971697,Recommended,258010,10994231,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,onewhofound,"An odd critter in today's game market, echoed in the past by a few greats from the dawn of gaming.   Now that I'm done being poetic, if you are old enough to remember Asteroids or Star Control and enjoyed them then this will be a pleasant reminder of fun times past, particularly if you were a fan of the quirky Star Control storyline.   The gameplay is a bit stilted and linear, many times I felt as if I had just found a ship I liked when I was switched to a new one.   The press to have a ton of variety and customizabilty of ships (because there is a LOT of it) leaves even a gaming grognard like myself a little confused, as many of the items and upgrades are not really explained well.2/5 stars, 3 if you are an ""inertia shooter"" fan."
,Not Recommended,258010,22436966,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,fabrice79,"At first it looks promising but then it becomes quickly boring and repetitive. The story is intriguing but it's way too diluted at the end. For my tastes, the skill system is way too complicated and chaotic. Also, the menus are pretty confusing and not user-friendly. The work of the developers is impressive though."
76561198042237959,Not Recommended,258010,34208207,Posted: 13 August,all,ezdez,Not quite for me; the controls are very floaty and not a fan of the humour. The build-your-ship components are also no very clearly explained. I just don't have the patience to work out how it all fits together.
,Recommended,258010,24026381,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,euch,This game is as indie as it gets.
76561198048383939,Recommended,258010,12639249,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Kubark,"A bit hard a start, a bit confusing too.Passed 2 or 3 hours (The story line is one of the best I had pleasure to follow for loooong time ! A big respect for that.), the game just becomes wonderful.Really, a pure gem in ambiance, writing, humour...I rarely hardly recommend, but here is a pure UFO in gaming industry. Clearly simple : A must have if you like space rpg."
76561197978861953,Recommended,258010,7982025,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,DarkWing,Nice one! good stuff!
,Recommended,258010,7907993,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,same logic,I HAVE WAITED FOR THIS FOR 2 YEARS! ITS FINALLY OUT YAAAAY
76561198012484872,Recommended,258010,7876923,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,ericw1976,"Quick, fun and funny!"
,Recommended,258010,23679273,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Roviolio,"it isa a good gaem i like this game it is also a book but i think this game is a good game because i like this good game that i think is a good game because it looks like a good game it is a game that is good and i recomend it to people who like games that are good and that are also games this is a game and it is good not great but just a good game so it is good, bye"
76561198006588159,Recommended,258010,8702824,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Crestfallen Warrior,"This game is a great value for 10 dollars.  The writing/story is pretty good for a space adventure game.  Ive beaten the ""tutorial"" which actually had a decent plot and took a good 3 hours.  A billion possible ship designs, a good number of other game modes and challenges besides the already good single-player story.  The graphics are actually quite nice to look at, dont mind that its 2d at all.  Controlling your ship is difficult especially when things get hectic, but then thats the fun of the game too......actually getting skilled with the ship you built or that the story gives you.  If you are looking for something different that you can sink your teeth into, I would strongly recommend this game especially given its price.  No ide what multiplayer is like though."
,Recommended,258010,24621093,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Cynerva,it's really good
76561198027357949,Recommended,258010,15444583,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Letalis13,Woke up missing part of brain.Would wake up missing part of brain again.8.6/10
76561198090274188,Recommended,258010,34861363,Posted: 10 September,all,saqib126,Good Fun
,Recommended,258010,21905988,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Aídes,Try it! ;)5 of 5 Stars
,Not Recommended,258010,26578859,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,jack_the_beast,"This game looked amazing playing the demo and even for the initial part of the story, but soon it becomes a mess. Unfortunatley gameplay is the main flaw, all the other aspects of the game are quite good and enjoyable, but the way it plays is confusing and chaoticthey change your ship very often so you can't get used to any particular weapon type, forcing you to restart learning the basics every 5 mission. different type of weapons are completely different from each other, so you really have to learn a new strategy/combat style every time you have a new weapon.Of course one may say that that adds variety to the game, I guess this is personal but I really felt really confused, the game does not even do a great job explaining strategies and controls. there's also a ship editor: here you're able to build your own ship with the weapons you prefer etc... it is supposed to be used in the single player campaign too (in addition to multiplayer) but I never got the chance to do that.In the end I feel I cannot recomend that, which is a shame beacause the concept looked very interesting :("
,Recommended,258010,24030571,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Omelette,Great game 10/10 would crash again
76561198116822462,Recommended,258010,26587313,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,shepardfikson,i dont remember playing this game--- i dont even own it :D
,Not Recommended,258010,21955721,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Nipplestroke,Why is this game crashing every time I start Single Player? Can anyone address this issue to me? Developers? Triple. B Titles? How do I fix this? I will thumb this game down for the moment until I can properly run this game.
,Recommended,258010,7868082,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Psychic Kitty,Hmm i dont dont if i would recommend this one or not.  More or less this is a warning.  The game play is a top down game of a space ship that you can move around with a thrust and afterburner....and also shoot things.  So typical......yet the game play was a bit odd....and the movement felt lacking to me.  I felt my ship even though it was small moved like a large clunky cow with alot of drift.  As in the first part fo the game features you thrusting forward to i assume escape...whihc results in where ever you are exploding....thus you end up thrusting and using and after burner to avoid the explosion.  The UI and tutorial are good to get you started.  And it makes you think this is how the game play is going to be.  Now for the draw back.  All enemys do not suffer your same control issues.  They turn on a dime and have no issues with having to thrust or anything...thus only the player is penalyzed.  After noticing this...i was completely turned off to this game.  Not realistic or fair balanced at all.  The player is in the littlest ship and i can guess hte better bigger ships are even worse.  I have played alot of games....star trek online for example...and even star trek online started with better ship control.   Luckily i spent barely anything for this game due to the sale.   I cant not recommend or recommend....so i guess this is more a less a warning.  Look at this game....really look at it....if it really looks good to you and you have no other alternatives....then god for it.....but if there are alternatives....i would most likely go with those instead.
,Not Recommended,258010,14040344,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,raixel,"I can't really tell if this game is worth playing or not cuz I cant play it too well. It seems really cool, and probably is a fun top down space shooter, but I have to play games with a controller. And therein lies my difficulty - the controller control scheme is VERY odd and unintuitive. You spin your guy with the LS, ""flick"" the RS to dodge, thrust with RT and brake with LT. The fire buttons are the face buttons, which really sucks if an enemy comes up from behind you, you have to do a complete 360 (and it only responds to LS right and LS left, you cant just point the way you want to face and your ship goes that way). In addition, having the fire/skills on face and dodge on RS isnt the greatest idea.Because of this, I careen all over the place and die instantly.But beyond that, I posted a non-trollish and polite note saying that the control scheme on a controller needs work, and it was removed by a mod. For no reason. Just cuz they want their game to look good.Devs have to take criticsm with the good. I think the game would be great if the controls werent so weird, and an alternate controls scheme would be nice or at least mappable controller buttons. That it basically what I said in my post.I probably would have written the exact same review, but clicked ""yes its worth playing"" if you can get over or dont mind the controls. But due to the idiocy of the mods, sorry. This ones getting a big red no."
76561197976149841,Not Recommended,258010,20377756,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Rolf Klischewski,Even at 0.89 this game is a complete waste of time with one of the most horrible control sets I've ever seen in a commercially released game.And those annoying AI quips are just another proof that most game designers have no idea how bad they are at writing narrative texts.Avoid.
,Not Recommended,258010,28903970,Posted: 1 January,all,rhapsodicink,"These are the worst controls I've ever seen for this type of game. For example, you turn your ship with 'A' and 'D' instead of your mouse, which feels absolutely terrible. Moving your mouse around does nothing. I plugged in an Xbox 360 controller and the controls are just as bad (and you can't even change them on a controller from what I can tell).. The menu controls are sooooooo terrible. It's hard to explain, but it just feels so bad. Also, borderless fullscreen mode didn't even do anything on my computer. I have better things to do than play through sh!t controls on a 50 cent game. If that sounds like your thing, then give it a shot."
76561198054809280,Not Recommended,258010,10238161,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,DungeonKeeperPanda,"The majority of my time playing this game was in the demo, so I've played this longer 36 minutes in reality. After playing most of the demo which is longer than some full games, I bought the game. The first bit of the game was a wonderful abilitease where you have a quick and powerful ship that you use to fight waves of ships at one point until eventually you're defeated and escape the battle in a cloaked escape pod. After this section, you are given a ship crippled by arthritis that handles like a drunken camel. The fun I was having at this point was nothing compared to what I had had earlier. The abilitease was meant to give me an incentive to gain a good ship again by playing more, but instead it just made the following hours of gameplay seem boring. The game has interesting mechanics and a good sense of humor, but lost my interest when it made things less complicated and intense. Play the entire demo before choosing to purchase this game."
76561198044436914,Not Recommended,258010,24943751,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,spenser7497,"Not a terrible game. An ok space shooter, but didn't hold my attention."
,Not Recommended,258010,9874586,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,TreebearZ,"In an era of gaming where procedural generation has become the hallmark of most indie game design, Ring Runner opts for a more traditional RPG style.  Unfortunately, the game design in this title feels as archaic as its graphical style.  The player is presented with a story-driven quest that has you hoping between maps of varying size, completing the objectives of said quest, and then hopping off to the next map.  Every experience you have on a map is very compartmentalized, so much so that after an hour of play, I felt like the game was still in a tutorial state.  I was waiting for the moment where the game would let you loose and explore the galaxy on your own terms, to no avail.If you are looking for a more open-ended space-themed ARPG, check out the vastly superior SPAZ."
76561197971088364,Recommended,258010,23130804,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Rale,Whiny b itches complain it's too complicated and too hard. Gitgud or GTFO
,Not Recommended,258010,17561633,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Mike @ FistsofHeaven,"game apparently doesn't run on newer machines, no help in support forums"
76561198012545565,Not Recommended,258010,18873241,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,zastroph,"Game does not work. As soon as you try to start campaign it crashes!Had to follow community guide to get it working:If playing on a laptop without a dedicated video card:Go to Video Options, scroll all the way down to Generate Backgrounds and set to Off.Doing this has allowed me to actually play the game, so if you are having trouble take a look at the community guide at:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=202229626"
76561197971047957,Not Recommended,258010,8378042,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Vezperz,"If you enjoy very old style games like Asteroids, then you'll enjoy this game.All in all, just wasn't my thing, despite the humor of the dialogue which I found ejoyable, I just couldn't get into it. So no recommendation from me, but that has more to do with my personal taste than with the games merits."
76561198029903975,Not Recommended,258010,13777800,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SugarySnax,"In some places its hard on the eyes, hard to see what's going on and the controls are bad. Some of it is pretty. I was bored playing it. That about sums it up. Pretty scenery that sometimes hurts your eyes, bad controls and boring action. I'd give it a 4 out of 10 at the most and that's not to say that its worth it at a low price. Its not worth it at any price."
76561198088537619,Not Recommended,258010,16891362,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,AlmostLethal,"Game never worked, couldn't play. Would like to recommend it, but can't.Kept uninstalling, reinstalling, and trying to play until 5 minutes was accumulated.All I can say about this game is... REFUND!"
,Not Recommended,258010,18746133,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Beefenstein,"I understand that some positive reviews say ""just keep playing it gets better"".I feel bad for saying this but the story and characters bored me to tears and I just couldn't care anymore, as well as the gameplay at the start being what some of the positive reviews describe: pretty mundane."
76561198025472290,Not Recommended,258010,10217905,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Kenneth Toilethole,"There's a lot of polish and depth here, but the control scheme is just too clunky. There's no reason not steer with WAS and D, but for some reason they've limited us to W alone. Constant mousing to swing the glacial reticle around makes the game slow and drab. It's a shame -- I really like it otherwise."
76561198061774352,Not Recommended,258010,12522137,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,LoliHunter69,The controls are so bad and the UI is worse. Literally unplayable for me.
76561198024975130,Not Recommended,258010,16714812,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Cartoon Head,"Has the longest tutorial since Assassins Creed 3, seriously it keeps interupting you, bitesize missions and doesn't give you any chance to get into the game.A shame, you can tell there is a good game somewhere here, but do yourself a favour and get SPAZ instead."
,Not Recommended,258010,12698127,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,demonspeed667,Kind of boring. No voice acting. Played 2 hours then never went back to it.
,Not Recommended,258010,12825055,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,shanneng,"Have tried several times to survive the first mission.Cannot, despite the fact that I've played (and loved) ""Newtonian"" space games before.Ragequit."
76561198052445216,Not Recommended,258010,14280781,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,guustflater,"Verry anoying game, steering is annoying the ""onboard AI"" is annoying. Story... wait there's a story? I hadn't noticed.Defenitely NOT worth the €9 i paid for it. Well that will teach me to trust positive steam reviews.By now steam tought me a lot.Never buy early acces.Never trust overly positive reviews.Never think that just because steam sells it you can actually play it.There will probably be more lectures in store for me I have great confidance in Steam for that."
76561198007300231,Not Recommended,258010,20349903,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Defiler,Didn't like it. I can make a better game myself whitout any gaming knowledge!
76561198285260585,Not Recommended,258010,28226327,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Jivexplosion,Clunky controls
76561197982833337,Not Recommended,258010,9878707,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,RatBastage,Boring. This has been done much better before.
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,258010,11553609,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Scribbles,"we've gotten to the point in gaming where the horrible, invasive, nerve-grating tutorial has become the entire game.i hope this dev never makes anything ever again."
76561198031012411,Not Recommended,258010,25959709,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Ancel De Lambert,"I hate the movement in this game and the camera is deplorable. The writing is kind of crap to go with it, the AI companion to the protagonist being poorly characterized and obnoxious. Constantly ramming into debris just made this all so frustrating that I wasn't willing to put up with any other flaw."
76561198073337921,Not Recommended,258010,9649877,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,DocVenger,"Umm, what can I say..... This game is so boring I was actually falling asleep trying to play it. The graphics are boring, the senarios are boring and the overall gameplay is, yep, boring.Next!!!! I shall endevour to pick better games and to be sure anything will be better than this one."
76561198055641515,Not Recommended,258010,8831060,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Alex,I had to visit the forums just to get it to start.  Then I had to revisit the forums to get the start menu to render correctly.  Then I had to revisit the forums again after it crashed on me multiple times.  Apparently Intel HD built in graphics is not well supported.
76561198190170489,Not Recommended,258010,23619539,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Mystery Gamer,no
,Not Recommended,258010,23109520,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,FlNNy_SAPlENT<ALL>,thought its like lighting
76561198036874457,Not Recommended,258010,12494870,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,gbigdan,"This is a 2d side scrolling piece of garbage. No old school value, nothing retro, just cheap outdated trash. Even if it's free, don't waste your computers memory."
76561198045495939,Not Recommended,258010,9105430,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,tazman6232010,"bought it, installed it, and now it only crashes whenever i try 2 play.  dont waist your money or time."
,Not Recommended,258010,7950093,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,nomadredd,"The game tutorial is bad the controls are bad.  They will tell you if you like SPAZ you will like this.  I like SPAZ.. I find this game lousy.I ask the forum for help and the developers just accused me of skipping tutorials instead of being helpful.  Lousy bunch.I think this game has potential but found out it was lousy in the end.  SPAZ is way better than this game in story, game design or in gameplay, controls, fun, everything.  It is cheaper too.Boring story, dont even have art.  Dont waste you money in this garbage."
76561198039108757,Recommended,258010,10386892,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Captin,"Entertaining game with some minor flaws, mainly to do with the narration. I wish there were a way to make it passive so it didn't stop the action every 5 seconds. The levels only last so long, and the narration windows are like commercial interruptions....that you can at least skip.Only a handful of the levels give you full uninterrupted combat destroying a ton of enemies, carriers, and stations....it's absolute chaos, and I feel that's where this game shines. Fighting along with allies vs going it alone.The game runs very smoothly and looks beautiful to boot. Controls can be a little wonky at times, but it's not that big of a deal. Narration is comical, aside from the gripes about interrupting the player. Ship and weapon upgrades are immense, seemingly unlimited."
76561198064815962,Recommended,258010,10419901,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Oubliette,"The only downside of this game is that I can't play it on my new computer because it freezes slightly in the instant before loading completes. This game is the only reason why I keep my old laptop. Its that good.Warning: That freeze thing always happens, and fast computers spaz out when it happens and sometimes close the game. Recommended for Windows 7, has yet to work on Windows 8."
,Recommended,258010,10401177,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Human Shield,A great little indie title. Mission based with a lot of variety and fun writing.
76561198021014526,Recommended,258010,8452572,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Kim_Jong_PWN,Its like r type meets armored core meets the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy. Best game ive bought off steam this year. God help you if you forgot your towel.
,Recommended,258010,8076588,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Thalinor,"Ring Runner ReviewI bought the game on sale for $8, which works out to be pennies an hour worth of game play.  It’s hard to tell how many hours I have put into the game because the last Steam client update wiped my hours played, but before the wipe it said about 118, and since then I have put on 54 according to the current count.  I spent about 8-10 hours perfecting three ship builds, which involved mostly sitting in the menus with a calculator doing math, add in another few hours reading mission info, setting up random ships and looking at equipment.I figure actual playtime through the main campaign took about 40-50 hours; more then what was listed in the product description.  This is probably because on several missions it would tell me things like quickly leave the battlefield or I needed to lose the fight so it can show me what happens when I die;  instead I decided to stick around and fight for long periods.  Couple this with flying around exploring environments [when possible] and sitting back listening to an amazing sound track.  Figure 30-50 hours for the main campaign which will also vary based on your difficulty setting.The game was an impulse buy, one that was triggered by watching the trailer and hearing the amazing music tracks, watching the trippy explosions, and all out chaos of the ship battles.  I am not a fan of top down arcade style space shooters and prefer 4x stuff like the X Series or overly complicated, hard to learn and brutally unforgiving games like Eve Online.  With that said, Ring Runner had far more depth then any arcade style shooter I have tried.For a game made by a small handful of people, I was shocked at its production value.  You will have a hard time telling it’s made by a small team of people.  It’s too bad the main stream [un]professional donkie-hole full time game reviewers seem to ignore indie games, because Ring Runner has not gotten the publicity it deserves.  I can only assume because they are a small team that does not have the capital needed to bribe the broken, deceiving, lying, incompetent main stream game review websites that only exist to sell ads and ruin gaming by coddling to big corporations that are increasingly taking a crap on a plate and charging you for the “privilege” of having it shoved down your throat.  I can assure you that spending $10 on this game, like it or hate it, will not leave you with the taste of feces in your mouth that comes from spending $60 a game on the typical horse $hit you are probably used to by now coming out of corporate America.  It’s worth buying Ring Runner just on principle IMO, but as a bonus you are getting an amazing game which should lead to many hours of fun game play.The best way to describe the game is to think of it as a fantasy RPG with your typical fighter, Mage, Rogue, etc class system but with the ships you fly determining which “class” you are playing.  Just like in your typical RPG there are different item slots that hold different equipment which do different things.  Pretty standard for an RPG, not so standard for a space shooter.  The combination took me [pleasantly] by surprise when I finally figured out the game mechanics.The dev is active on Steam and responds quickly to requests, questions, and concerns.  You can tell the game is a labor of love and a lot of time has been put into getting things right.  I have only had a small handful of black screen crashes, though they did require a forced PC reboot, overall the game is very stable, in fact looking at a lot of big title releases I would say it’s far more stable than Battlefield 4, X Rebirth, Rome 2, etc.  It’s hard to believe considering those other games have millions in production costs and far more people working on fixing problems.The following are some negatives though I do not expect these to get fixed because IMO I have already gotten far more then I paid for and I know the dev is working on another project.  The game is already “complete” so the following is just for reference when making choices on future games.  There are some minor annoyances like AI ships picking up already scarce “plex” [money] in scenarios like death match, which will probably anger some people when trying to farm.  I noticed several AI ships flying around not shooting; rather just intentionally heading to the plex drops and picking them up before I could get over and do it myself.  This does not happen in missions, but when you are at endgame and trying to play with different builds which all cost a lot of plex, it makes things very obnoxious.  I understand AI characters picking up power-ups and would expect nothing less, but plex should not be something they can take as the AI has no need for in game money.Post Game expect grinding for plex; a lot of grinding.  If you did the math from the first paragraph of this review you are probably wondering where the other 50+ hours went; the answer is playing [mostly] one mission over and over grinding for plex so I could buy different ships/equipment to try different builds.  The dev stated they were working on a minor fix, but it’s not hard to figure out why there are not a lot of Steam workshop builds online as its pointless to post a ship unless its set up properly which takes a lot of in game money.My last gripe is that 95% of the equipment can only be used once per build.  This makes sense with some heavy hitting guns but not other very weak ones.  It makes it very hard to create a balanced build with anything other than just a few setups.  My guess is this is also why there are very few builds up on Steam’s workshop.  Sure, you can pile 8+ different crappy weapons into a ship, each with a different cool down timer, different amounts of heat or energy, each doing a different effect, but at the end of the day you will be doing nothing but button mashing for less DPS, more heat, and more energy use then you would get out of one decent weapon.  Oh, and good luck timing those 8+ weapons to actually hit your target as the game is very fast paced with flying feeling like you are on a rubber band shooting through space.  I am not saying it’s not fun to play with different builds, but at the end of the day you will probably just stick to one or two main weapons to max out DPS with the least Heat/Energy consumption.  A lot of things may look great on paper with a calculator, but in practice you can easily break the game with a few well thought-out builds.Lastly, equipment descriptions are all over the place with some giving damage per second and others giving damage per shot, and still yet others give no description of damage leaving it to trial and error.I know I ended this on a slightly sour note, but the game is anything but sour.  It took me over a hundred hours to break things, which was a lot of fun in the process.  That works out to less than ten cents an hour which is the cheapest you will probably ever pay for a game.  I don’t expect the devs to do anything else with it as again it’s a complete game.  If you are on the fence about buying it I highly recommend spending the $10 and having some fun.  The story is not bad [better than most high budget games today] and the dialog will defiantly will put a smile on your face.  By the end I was sitting on the edge of my seat swearing at the “bad guys” and loving how I was just wrecking them for the crap they pulled earlier.  It’s not often anymore a game will pull that emotion out of you with its story.  Again, fun times.Thank you VERY much for an amazing game and I will be keeping an eye out on Kickstarter for your next release.Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,258010,9828178,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Endothlyne,"Only a couple of hours in so I haven't really scratched the surface yet but had to write something as so far I am very impressed. Almost feels like a crime that I got it for less than £2.The game itself is a cool mix of 2D scrolling shoot em up, ship customisation and RPG with a great story and imaginative writing. There is a real retro feel to the game that brings back early memories of titles such as scramble and uridium. The music is funky and perfect for the game when combined with some superb space backgrounds. The game is very clever in getting you used to its controls as the story develops along with some help from your friendly onboard AI who I have started to feel a fondness for. I haven't even got to the shop and customisation unlocked stages yet so know more is to come the further I get into the game. The levels vary in size and challenge so it doesn't feel repetitive. I guess I have spent so long playing 3D space sims that I forgot about the old scrolling 2D ones.  Well this game not only brings the genre back with a bang but it breaths new life into it with some great original ideas.The developers were obviously very passionate about this project as I found the game very polished and accessible. Also its been bug free so far. Really look forward to seeing more from these guys."
,Recommended,258010,9966708,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Aozora7,"This game has interesting gameplay and progression, fairly decent writing and it's long enough to justify the price even if you don't replay it.It also has a free demo, so, well. Never hurts to try?"
,Recommended,258010,9960339,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,FoolishOwl,"This game is growing on me.It's got some issues. The controls take some getting used to, and it seems an Xbox-style game controller is expected, if not actually required. If you play through the ""tutorial"" missions, it will take you hours, all while you're getting messages about gaining access to equipment and technology that you can't actually use yet. I've had to set ""research priorities"" without any explanation or documentation.Somehow, I managed to miss what's apparently the most commonly won achievement, ""Powered by PBC"", and I don't know if there's any way to go back and try again. Did I mention the ""tutorial"" missions take a long time to play through?Yet for all that, it's fun to play. The storyline is a bit goofy, but somehow engaging. The game starts with a classic amnesia premise, but that's used often because it's effective."
76561198062926125,Recommended,258010,10995009,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,TheRose202,"This game is awesome. Full of lore and fun space battles, good for several hours of fun :P"
76561198036159822,Recommended,258010,10918762,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Zerithos,"Excellent storyline... very sci-fi and very mystical anon. Based on a novel, no less! Now I want to read the novel! The music is very nice. Multiple difficulties to fit newcomers and veterans. You can also win parts and build your own ships! Awesome!!Only downside: Complicated movement system.Otherwise, cool game. I say hell yes."
,Recommended,258010,11321407,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Mnemophage,"If you liked it then you should have put a ring on it, as that's actually your targeting reticule and now your AI is never going to stop snarking at you and reminding you of the happiness you could have had. They want you dead, you know. The only way to survive is to take and take and take. Get them before they get you. Trust me. The universe is flat and dark, and all your demons want you to live forever.(all jokes aside, pour a fotie for Silent Death, and give all love and money to its spiritual successor)"
,Recommended,258010,11790431,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Triggerhappy,"Clever and fun. It's a bit complicated, but it's still neat."
,Recommended,258010,7734880,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Voltoth,"For an indie game, this is a masterpiece. By AAA standards, it's better and plays smoother than a lot of new titles. You can tell the developers really cared about this project.The game itself plays like an arcade classic shooter however, the RPG elements offer a lot of extra gameplay and replayability. The ability to customise your ship however you want and the large variety of hulls to choose from, including 2 player hulls (pilot and gunner) there is a lot of content here.Multiplayer is unfortunately dead however, the SDL is still fun to play, even against AI. I'm hoping that when word of this game gets out a little more that the multiplayer will pick up.If you like games like S.P.A.Z and / or are a fan of the twin-stick shooter genre then this game is deffinately worth a look at. If you're not a fan of those then the story is still very good, worth reading the companion novel for.I'd recommend this game to anyone with even a passing interest in space combat.Also, the soundtrack is amazing."
76561198066883806,Recommended,258010,21370506,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,INSA,cool♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,258010,21423250,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,9Tnine,Love top down shooters. this one you fly a little ship woooo what could be better? great story line the controls feel great. levels take skill and are just the right challange to beat. you will enjoy this game. you will also enjoy unlocking things and upgrading your ship. buy it.
,Recommended,258010,16713611,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,VoxSomniator,"Amazing game, they almost undersold it in the description. It's not just a shooty game, the story is amazing and the customization gives you so many options you can't count them. If it starts getting more active, the multiplayer would be fantastic, but so far it seems like no one is online."
76561198009197524,Recommended,258010,16945915,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Fleetleader101,"Length: Beat the game in a little over 12 hours. For the price the length is fine.Gameplay: 2d shoot em up, thats got a TON of different weapons, also has some mixed in puzzle sectionsStory: Some of the best writing in an indie title I've seenNegatives: There is the same mission types over and over, they do them well but very repetative in partsPositives: Great story, solid game design, lots of choices and parts to play with, and it keeps you up later than you should be up...Overall: I would recommend this game to just about anyone, its fun, engaging, and well worth a look"
76561198056325899,Recommended,258010,17385086,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Snowfallgamer,"Ring Runner Flight of the Sages (RR) is a top down shooter with a complementary customization system at it's core.The skeleton of the game is simple to play, pair this with enough customization options to keep you trying something new and you've got a recipie for addiction.TL:DRSingle player:The game starts off slow so you can get used to the flow. The first missions (or tutorial galaxy) starts you off escaping a medical facility with a portion of your brain removed to fit in a neuro hud that talks to you with it's own personality. Afterwards you'll begin to meet locals of the scrapyard you've stumbled into and the rollercoaster begins. Fight for survival, get takin in as a gladiator and get caught in a feud between 2 clans vying for control of the sector.sounds pretty straight forward right?well after the tutorial galaxy is complete it's time to learn what makes RR such a great game.-You're given access to the customization system so you can play the game with whatever fitting you want(light fighter, Heavy weapons ship or a cloaking gravity manipulator that destroys other ships by smashing them against debries. It actually gets crazier than that)-you get to choose what missions you complete in what order so it is less linear-The missions themselves have a great deal of humor in them(build a shrine to a space flail for a mercenary that tried to kill you)(Raid a bank with a garbage truck)(Turn a circus into a gladitorial combat arena)(and Many others)Multiplayer-The game offers a few game modes for MP which are great when you have a few friends to game with.these include:Hoard / zombie survivalMobaDeath Match-There is a small community left however it's not entirely active. For those who are active they're actually really hard to compete with. So i'd reccomend you buy the game with friends if you're interested in MP shenanigens.TL:DRSingleplayer: The bread and butter of the game. Has great humor, Linear but gives you mission selection to complete as you want and stays fresh throughout.Multiplayer: Great with friends boring withoutCustomization: You constantly unlock new things as you play so you'll always be trying something new."
76561198122209260,Recommended,258010,18879701,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,cistapade,Amazing game - its sad that it didnt get the attention it deserves :/
,Recommended,258010,18886363,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,rabiddeathmoose,"It reminds me sufficiently of Star Control 2 to make it instantly appealing.  If that means anything to you, buy this game.  If it doesn't, go discover it.  I can't come up with anything more to say.  It's wonderful, give it a shot."
,Recommended,258010,18861043,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Spirit,GG! its really a great game! the style is good and I think it may be in my list of top ten games!
,Recommended,258010,18962647,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,[DGZ] BabylonBoye,total madness
,Recommended,258010,18819305,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,theAlmightyNarwhal,"I really like this game, it's new, and it's nostalgic at the same time, I really enjoy it, still playing!"
,Recommended,258010,18854452,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Bio,"Great game, every sci-fi/space fan will love it.Great story, great soundtrack.Got it for 89cents, but I dare say it's well worth the full price.Truly a gem that did not recieve the attentions it deserves."
,Recommended,258010,17583007,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Ethird,"At first I was a bit skeptical towards the game, the controls too were... to me at first awful, and the plot, the world it tries to captivate seem a bit on the typically space shooter side... overly ambitious. But, oh boy, am I wrong. The gameplay is great once you got used to the controls and the story had me hooked, I am still only partially through, but already I felt like this is a great bought. A game with an interesting universe of it's own to explore and to be part of, while the game play offers a challenging experience mixed with some awesome tint of dark humour, worth a play if you can get your hands on it!!"
76561198063183209,Recommended,258010,12183064,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,em2johnson29,This is an excelent game. I would be nice if you could create your own missions and publish them though. I also would like to if they alowed the creation of custome hulls. Over all it is a great game and I am looking forward to new storyline content.
,Recommended,258010,13905864,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Rosenthal,"It's a great game, albeit the controls might take some getting used to.I recommend literally the first survival misson (about 10 minutes in) the best place to get an initial hold on the controls. Nothing like trial by fire, really."
,Recommended,258010,13839535,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ShockHerman,Has a good story and jokes here and there and an amazing soundtrack.
76561198149910948,Recommended,258010,15556560,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,SHUT UP,AMAZING!!! THE BEST STORY FOR A SPACE SHOUTER EVER FANTASTIC AND CLEVER GAMEPLAY  AND INTERESTING MISSIONS!!!!WORTH GETTING!! IT EVEN HAS STEAM TRADING CARDS  MULTIPLAYER WORKSHOP AND CONTROLER SUPORT !!!ITS WORTH EVEN AT FULL PRICE!!!
,Recommended,258010,15747929,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Kuroihane,"This game... It's a bit hard to put it. But the experience on it is great.The gameplay takes you on, it's not hard, as long as you like shmups or anything of the kind. Ships are incredibly customizable and the Snow Leopard one... Just amazing.The history of the game is fun to go through, it gets you curious to know what will happen on the next part, holds your mind into the game wondering about the nameless sage and Algray Solipso. By far, a game that doesn't need much to hold the player until you can complete the history.And then there's the book, Ring Runner: Derelict Dreams... It was the first book i could begin reading and actually read to the last page. I'm not giving any spoilers about the book, but it surely holds you as much as the game does.10/10, we need more games like this!"
76561198052492115,Recommended,258010,14061143,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,warrax40,"This game is absolutely legendary.It starts off a bit slow but seriously wow!, this is one of those games that will remain in your heart forever, precious and golden to the level of classic legend of zelda, final fantasy and games that you stayed up all night playing because you were IN.."
,Recommended,258010,14537148,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Terry™,"Very fun ""twin stick"" space shooter, with hilarious writing and so far a deep and entertaining plot which explores many different game modes such as; tower defence, racing, deathmatch, stealth and so on. There are also single missions and a fun multiplayer in which you can use your own customised ships.Very fun yet rich experience."
76561198064371039,Recommended,258010,14554367,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,El Booticabra,It referenced winnie the poo when i called in artillery strikes on a colony of civilians.  So yeah buy it.
76561198041701953,Recommended,258010,15524728,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Traveling Morgue,"A hidden gem! Not a huge fan of space shooters, but this one got me hooked. Deep customization, GREAT story, lots of fun with friends. Controls might take a little while to get used to, but once you do the fun never stops. Just needs players online. Recommend this to everyone. Excellent game with lots to do."
,Recommended,258010,15467549,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Khaesho,"Story and Universe:I played this game for an hour or two yesterday, and Im already looking forwards to playing through the entire game. You start off the game by waking up with an artificial intelligence implanted into your mind (Nero) and that machine has the greatest sense of sardonic and sarcastic humor that I've ever seen. It has a  (So far) Captivating story set in a well built and fully fleshed out Sci-Fi fantasy universe, so if you're looking for a game with character and soul, this is a great pick. 10/10Visuals:I run a toaster of a laptop, but even so, I was able to run this game on standard graphics, and let me tell you, this game is beautiful. Whether you're fleeing explosions, exploring a sprawling junkyard, or assauling a space station, I sometimes need to stop and just gaze at the beauty. Yes, it's a 2D map, but it's rendered with 3D objects in a way that makes it look fully 3D without obscuring the gameplay. 10/10Gameplay/Controls:The only places I see negative reviews on this game are concerning the gameplay; Movement is controlled by turning in directions and having a unidirectional thruster and a directionless brake. Steering is difficult, but realistic... I personally found it refreshing, creative, and unique, but some people think it is hard to control and painful to use. I do recomend you try the demo to see if its a style that you like, but I love the unusual movement controls.The actual combat itself gets rather hectic. Amidst the sea of torpedo's, tractor beams, bombs, plasma trails, lasers, and waht appears to be an inexhaustible supply of different weapons and utilities, it can sometimes be easy to lose track of what's going on in the chaos. Despite that, the combat itself is unique, varied, and captivating... provided that you like the movement system. I like the movement system and learned early on how to set myself in an orbit by hammering down the thrust in a constant turn to dodge and point towards the enemy at the same time, but again, this has a VERY non-standard movement system that dictates the way combat works. It takes some practice to learn the ropes, but the early campaign levels are easy enough that you have time to experiment and learn the ropes. Try the demo before you buy the game.In addition, this game was made to be played with a game pad. Yes, you could probably do it with a keyboard and mouse, but I took one look at the controls and grabbed my pad, because this game was designed around a controller. I would STRONGLY reccomend that you try using a gamepad for this game, and if you don't have one, then MAKE SURE YOU PLAY THE DEMO before you buy it. 8/10Price:I paid 2$ for this gameon a steam sale. The normal price is 10$. I'd have ben happy paying 15$. People tell me that the game has an extensive single player campaign, the median play time for reviewers hovers around 30 hours of playtime. In dollers per hour of entertainment, that's excellent! 10/10Summary:Try the demo. If you can wrap your head around the semi-realistic inertia based movement system, then you'll love the way the combat flows around that. If you like a good story with well written characters, you'll love Nero's quirky addiction to PBC's. If you want a game that challenges you, or just a cinematic experience, the game has 7 different difficulty modes for all styles of play. (I picked the third easist; Sage (Looking for a challenge) And that's been a favorable ammount of challenge so far.) I haven't even touched the ship building and customization aspects yet because I've been having so much fun with the campaign and using the pre-made ships.9/10Post-Note: If you have problems launching or playig the game, check the troubleshooting part of the forums. I had a problem that prevented me from starting any levels that was fixed in three seconds by clicking something in the options."
76561198056057257,Recommended,258010,15232279,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Jagazaar,"One of the greatest indie games I've ever played - the story & characters were exceptional, the music & visuals top-notch, the gameplay fast-paced and engaging, tight controls with keyboard & mouse or controller, and the customisation deep and without feeling unncessarily complicated.With a single-player campaign that goes for 15-20 hours, can at times be played in local co-op, and varies up the missions to keep it interesting throughout (along with bonus objectives), several stand-alone modes for multi & single player and many difficulty levels, you're getting a LOT of quality gaming for your buck here.VERY highly recommended, this is a must-have IMO!"
,Recommended,258010,15459064,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Honorable Chey,surprisingly cool game for the $2 i spent buying it.  wacky surreal space adventure with in-depth quality story and weird♥♥♥♥♥♥going on all the time.  cool music.  lots of different spaceships that are customizable and upgradeable.  gameplay difficult until you get practiced at it.  i guess there is some kind of co-op though i haven't tried it out yet.  would recommend if you are looking to get mega space boners 89/100
76561197978181938,Recommended,258010,15342058,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,76561197978181938,"Will blow you away with its story, mechanics and overall appeal once you get into the story. Solid as hell."
,Recommended,258010,16017573,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Erv,"It's a fun top-down space shooter, with some of the best storyline and writing in all of gaming.  Or to put it more accurately, some of the best storyline and writing in all media.   I love science fiction novels, but this convinces me that games have more potential to tell a story."
,Recommended,258010,15546232,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,SaltyPhysh,"This is an absolutely incredible game. At first, i was skeptical about buying it, but after actually playing it, I found it incredibly addicting. With it's brilliant plot, clever humor, fast-paced action, expansive ship customization system, and plenty of challenge for any who seek it, this game has earned a well deserved place on my all-time favorites. Recommended for anyone who enjoys top-down shooters, classic space adventure RPG, or would enjoy a change in their gaming towards storyline driven action/strategy.10/10 would blow up again."
,Recommended,258010,15563201,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,SanMan,"I had to warm up to this game at first, then it became really, really fun. There are tons of customization options, and you spend much of your time getting upgrades for that perfect ship. The game looks like something that was made with a lot of effort and dedication, and it even shows during the hangar screens while I'm designing my ship (seeing a rotating ship in the background, little details like this). The campaign is kind of boring though, but you need to play through it to get to your ships."
,Recommended,258010,16519501,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,udel007,"Flows very well, many different options and weapson. Boss battles aren't bad. This is a very well done old school space 2D shooter. well worth the couple of bux."
,Recommended,258010,9870639,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,STV,"Nice little game (and great price before end of weekend).   It plays a bit like Galaxians and Xenon in one.  Newtonian combat and different ship hulls\weapons make this a pleasant jaunt - if a little frustrating (some missions are ""stay until you die"" - but you wont know that until you've played for several minutes staying alive only for your death throes to progress the game).Excellent value for money."
,Recommended,258010,8700407,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,lordshade13,"Interesting plot, witty dialogue, and epic space battles. All you really need."
76561198103438308,Recommended,258010,18644106,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,vicky_molokh,An incredibly advanced spiritual successor of Star Control 2.
76561198010681732,Recommended,258010,12206821,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Stoned Fox,"YES! Absolutely recommended. Great controller support, great physics, great weapon/ability selection....It's a top down space-shooter... imagine old classics like ""asterioid"" and ""Spacewar!""It is simple in it's application... but hard in it's mastery.My only lament is that it doesn't give enough tutorials on the weapons before they give you the choice... however... there is a large choice.You can figure it out."
76561197997470422,Recommended,258010,7727663,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Suma,One of the best indie games I've played in a long time! So much depth and replay value.
76561198001771429,Recommended,258010,11055014,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Katten,Possibly the best top down space shooter I've ever played.Definately the most over looked.
76561198067281699,Recommended,258010,8777399,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Binnie,"Wonderful story, extremely enteraining. I can't remember the last game I kept beating just to see if I could defeat the next difficulty level. An oddly simply game made perfectly complex with a truly user freindly custimaization."
,Recommended,258010,15134813,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,estyles31,I'm actually shocked at how good this game is.  It's not really my style - kind of a modern-day Subspace - but it's good enough that I want to finish the campaign.  Some really interesting ship-types and mechanics.
76561198124909859,Recommended,258010,13368727,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Leon Novis,A bit of humor with fun gameplay makes this game a gem.
,Recommended,258010,13398646,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Pallist,Amazing game. Pretty good story.Multiplayer completely dead though. Bot matches only entertaining for so long.
76561197998167902,Recommended,258010,14928242,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Suslik,"Short versionJesus christ. The game is ridiculously, overwhelmingly awesome.Longer versionCombat:Gratitious Space Battles combat was dull. SPAZ combat was fun. Reassembly combat is great. Ring Runner's combat is just outstanding. It's super dynamic, fast-paced but not chaotic: you control the pace of fight. It's like an action-RPG with a very deep skill system, where every skill is indeed unique. Most abilities have very low cooldowns, so you'll have to blink, dodge, slow time, push, pull, manage your heat, shield and energy and destroy your enemies in any way you can imagine. 10/10.Customization:No, you can not build your ship from scratch like you can in reassembly. But hell, this game's customization system is just way more advanced and balanced! Every hull has a set number of mounting points for different types of devices. Every mounting point has a capacity: the more capacity it has, the more comlex gear you may equip to it grating you passive bonuses or active abilities. You may equip multiple devices into a single mounting point if you have the capacity. It's so way better than in any other seemengly similar game like Gratitious Space Battles or SPAZ.10/10.Abilities:Basically everything including evasion and weapon autofiring is an ability in this game. And wow, varied they are. Abilities are designed to be very synergetic and they often let you turn your downsides into an advantage. For example you can grab a super-powerful engine that generates a ton of heat. Overheating is generally not the thing you want. But you can attach a freaking molten laser that dissipates all your heat in one shot if you're overheated! Or you can equip an engine with high top speed but low acceleration and get an ability that instantly accelerates you to maximum speed in any direction.Basically there are only 2 games I know that have as synergetic abilities as this: Tales of Maj'Eyal 4 and Baldur's Gate 2(wizard). Please tell me if you know another!10/10 here, no doubtGraphics:The game is developed by one family. Graphics are 3d while game mechanics are 2d. They pretty advanced, run smoothly but I personally am not a huge fan of this game's graphical content. SPAZ or Gratitious Space Battles look better if you ask me. But it's nowhere close to being game-breaking or unlikable.7/10Story:I have not completed the story yet. So far(10 hours of story) it is pretty fun and well-written. It's not a Planescape: Torment in space but there's a decent sci-fi story that utilizes some very well-though physical concepts. Like Mass Effect is based on physical phenomon called Mass Effect(some materials may change their density when electrical current is applied to them) this game has numerous concepts that I found even more interesting(physics is my major).8/10(?)Music:Game's music is atmospheric enough and fits it well though it it sometimes a little repititive. You're unlikely to listen to game's OST when you're not playing like you listen to Silent HIll's or Final Fantasy's but it is a great soundtrack and you won't end up listening to your own music instead of built-in soundtrack.7/10Controls:As I said before, most abilities have low cooldowns and you may end up equipping a lot of them. Ability management, movement, evasion and heat/energy/ammo may will be as challenging as you want them to. If you can't handle too much active abilities, equip passives instead. But I love controlling as much as my brain can handle and the game certainly gives me opportunity to equip enough active skills. My gamepad acts funny with this game(analog joystick sticks to 8 discrete directions)  but controlling with mouse + keyboard is great anyway and controlling multiple skills is more convinient with keyboard.General impression:The game is Loved by its developers. You can feel it in every aspect in every small detail. It's like the opposite to stuff you see in android market or most early access garbage that are developed to get as much money and as soon is possible. This game is so detailed, so well-though, so *lived* by it's developers I just can't help but admire it. It's very strange and disappointing to see how unknown it is and it's 75/100 metascore rating is just frustrating. Do not let AAA-crap reviwers fool you, this is a true indie game gem."
76561197965419833,Recommended,258010,13295670,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Zoogoober,"As of this writing I have 14.5 hours logged on this game and I am still not done with the single player campaign! I love the writing style and the story. The universe is compelling and the graphics are beautiful. I have a little experience with the multiplayer and find it very competitive. The pacing of the tutorials are good, and I find the Research system intriguing as it allows you to specialize  what items are available to you during play."
,Recommended,258010,7990788,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,gg allin,This game will surprise you like a bank robbery HANDS UP ♥♥♥♥♥ GIMME YO MONEY
,Recommended,258010,7991909,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Caketown,"Game was really good, actually; as long as you know what you're getting into...  Lot of people complained about the controls, which is what made me a little wary before purchasing.  This is a top-down, 2d space shooter that follows space physics regarding inertia and flight in a vacuum so it might feel a little weird at first but you get used to it.  Better ships obviously feel better, maneuverability-wise, later in the game.Story's decent.  Maybe above average for originality in some points.  Some interesting scientific foundations that I'd be curious to know whether they have any basis in current theory.Graphics are good, flight and combat are both satisfying and pretty action-packed.  Overall the game was really fun, and pretty long for what it was.  If you like space combat games, or top-down scroller aerial combat (which this is strongly reminiscent of), check this out."
,Recommended,258010,7739005,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,potæto,"Excellent fun. Plenty of content, action, variety, and humour. And it's only a $10 game. Well worth it."
,Recommended,258010,19412835,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MrNogginHead,i'd have happily bought this game at full price (£6.99)i got it for 70p.10/10 would feel like im ripping of the devs again.
,Recommended,258010,19592799,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Fou Lou,"Incredible Hidden gem. If you like Top down space games with Newtonian Physics Flight model its a must have. The price is quite awesome for that amount of content that is offered and for me most aspects of the game felt quite fleshed out and polished. The story took me about 20 hours.Oh and theres a demo. Try that if the reviews arent convincing.Longer Review:Story and missions:Since its Story driven there is no open world. You have a Galaxy map to choose between Mission arcs after the Introduction. Each mission arc is a little side story in itself for example agressivle selling DOVRAK keyboard or Planning a heist.The Story is in my opionion well written and engaging. It has some memorable characters in it and it doesnt take itself too seriously. Its kinda a wacky universe but without being silly. Indruduction and tutorial is woven into the story in a beliveable way. And i got the feeling of ""just on more mission i want to see what happens next"".The missions themselves reach from very short to quite a bit longer and are really varied. Just a excerpt of what types i have encountered: gladiator style where you fight in a arena agains other ships, racing missions with weapons on a track, tower defense missions, stealth missions and the obligatory fly around and kill stuff including whole starbases missions.Besides that you have scenarios. like a dotastyle game, zombie survival, deathmatch and so on.And the rostrum acade with some minigames that will remind you of arace classicsgamepalay:Its a newtonian Style shooter. So no strafing and backwarts. Just forward turn and brakes. But youll get pretty fast used to it. But there lots of movmentbased abillitys that can fling you and/or your enemys around.The ship archetypes allow very different styles of gameplay. Rogues feel like snipers, Casters have flashy AOE abiitys, Fighters like dogfighting and so on.Besides that you have tons of different ships and lots of sidegrades at tier5 that mix up the archetypes and with tons of equipment which is unlocked via research or missions there is such room for customization and trying new things.The resrach system is quite awesome and allows to unlock up to 10 items (or get money) when youre not playing the game. And ingame money earned while playing speed the research up. Though you cant research a specific ithem directly. Its devided into different categorys which represent the equipmentnodes of the different ships.Its not a RPG in the classical sense though. Because there is no leveling. Everything is unlocked via Story, research or funds.Asthetics are fitting and feel quite unique. Because its 2.5d it is clearly visible where you can actually fly against something and where you can fly freely. The feels a bit gamey but doesnt disctract from the immersion too much.For me it is a really great game and it is sad that it had such a bad launch date and kinda slipped under the radar. This game deserves more than it actually got."
,Recommended,258010,19382913,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Magikaru,"A pretty exciting top-down space shooter with a compelling story. Only about a third done with the main storyline and am quite excited to finish it.EDIT: Ok, just finished the main campaign. This is game is amazing and easily worth the full asking price. No need to sit around hoping for a discount, just buy it now!"
76561198114710051,Recommended,258010,19559990,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Aleccia Rosewater,Quite simply the single best game I've played in a long time. It is just... so much fun to play.
,Recommended,258010,19411112,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sir Thebra The Bustard,"This game is pure joy. I mean customize your ship however you want, game has about 7 difficulty levels for both tryhards and casuals and on top of it peanut butter is a core story element..."
,Recommended,258010,19517190,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ethereal Psyche,"If you can accept the quirks and oddities of the game, you should find this game very enjoyable and addictive. The absurd number of different modules you can fit to your ship to make it your own is brilliant. You get a lot of choice for customisation. The story is satisfyingly humurous and detailed. The game does present a good challenge, even on the standard difficulty at times. The combat is a little unorthodox but it feels great once you get used to it. I wouldn't say it's for everyone, but it very much appeals to me. The game is severely underrated if you ask me."
76561197970739339,Recommended,258010,19121910,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Captain Chaos,"Ring Runner: Flight of the Sages is the definition of an underrated gem- didn't even have a steam release at launch. I found it on Good Old Games a couple of years ago, having never heard of it prior to the day of its launch. A mere ten dollars, I gambled on it and it payed off in spades. It's a lovingly crafted 2D, top-down space shooter with some heavy rpg elements. At the center of the experience is a brilliantly written campaign full of twists and dry humor about a distant future. In a universe ruled by a powerful central government across many galaxies, there are beings with the power to rewrite reality at the subatomic level, known as sages. The government views these individuals as a threat, of course, and has a standing capture or kill bounty on their heads. But what does this have to do with you? You don't have a clue, as you have no memory before waking up in a creepy medical lab with a sarcastic AI named Nero stuck in your head. From the moment you escape the lab and the exploding space station it's in to the very end, Ring Runner offers a compelling, fast paced and tactically diverse gameplay experience, including about sixty different ship hulls across five distinct ship classes and grouped by power level into five tiers: Arsenals are slow and powerful, with rocket and missile weapons, deployable mines and turrets, and defensive abilities. Casters are space-wizards with gravity and space-time manipulation and specialized energy weapons, Fighters are fast and maneuverable with powerful fixed-forward laser cannons, movement abilities and build up a lot of waste heat, but they can weaponize it and cause enemy ships to overheat. Grapplers take a page from Outlaw Star, with aggressive ""jousting"" abilties, melee weapons and grapple tethers. Rogues are sneaky, using cloaking, decoys and apply ""gemini beacons"" to enemies which can be exploited for damage and crowd control effects. There are a number of hulls that are hybrids of two or even three classes, and a special set of ""Duo"" ships that allow for two player local coop, with one player steering the ship and another operating an independent turret. Each class also has passive ""veterancy"" bonuses earned in-game for getting kill streaks, but reset if you get blown up. There are hundreds of different components, allowing you to customize your loadout to an intense degree: power supply, engine, shields, heat dispersion, auxiliary drives, utility systems, weapons, and class equipment. You have twelve possible ability slots in-game, as well as a ""sage power"" ultimate slot such as slowing down time, and an extra directional ability slot that uses the mouse or right stick. However, you need not fill ALL these slots with weapons and abilities, as there are a range of passive items that multiply the power of your active abilities, but use the same slots. Early in the campaign you use a fixed setup while you learn the controls and the nuances of each ship class, but eventually you gain access to the research lab and hangar to purchase new parts and reconfigure your setup. You can also buy a number of prebuilt configurations that are all viable endgame setups and can provide inspiration for your custom ships. There's also a wide variety of cooperative and versus multiplayer modes. The former includes wave survival, a boss rush style ""gladiator"" mode, zombie mode, team-based ""attack their base and defend yours"" spire mode, and a moba-flavored ""Space Defense League"" mode that includes things like minions, neutral bosses and buffs, but without the ♥♥♥♥♥iness of a typical moba. In any game mode, including the campaign, you earn ""plex"" to spend on researching and purchasing new ship hulls and parts from the lab, which act as a sort of experience meter: reaching certain net worth milestones unlocks new prebuilt ships. Add to this a beautiful backgrounds and visual effects, fully-functional Newtonian physics, an excellent, atmospheric soundtrack, and steam workshop support so that you can share your ship setups with others, and you have a recipe for a game that is, I think, one in a million. If you enjoy space shooters or action rpgs of any kind, you cannot afford to miss Ring Runner. There's even a novel! I should get around to reading that..."
,Recommended,258010,21289522,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Jasbest,"An amazing game in my opinion. Wonderful soundtrack, amazing gameplay, and equally amazing characters. Do yourself a favor and try it."
,Recommended,258010,21717392,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,[ Maxie ],"This isn't usually my genre. But this particular top-down space shooter had me hooked. I bought it in a Steam sale and it was well worth it. The tutorial is well-made and prepares you for the controls and the different abilities, and the story is really deep and interesting, unfolding really nicely.I haven't gotten far into it but it's one I can definitely highly recommend. It's a gem to play and the controls feel right. Smaller ships are very manoeuverable and turn well while larger ships are, as expected, a little clunkier. Momentum is well-balanced and it's very fun to play.If you like space shooters, deep storylines and sci-fi, buy it. Even if you're on the fence, buy it anyway. You may be pleasantly surprised, just as I was."
76561198083667852,Recommended,258010,21799522,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,patmc281,"Got it for the low price, (you should too) and I was shocked at how GOOD it was, ""under rated, hidden gem"" are under statements. The story is well thought out and entertaining, the level of customization (while limited graphically) is impressively large. Sounds, visuals are well done. and there are even scenarios and mini-games. 30hrs in I feel like I'm close to completeing the story, but I'm not even close to done collecting and researching hulls and components. Its the customization that really shines through for me, and I feel is what gives it a great replayability value.You don't have to take my word for it though... at $1 you really got nothing to loose, so give it a go."
,Recommended,258010,23298465,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Tomahawk2001913,This is one of the best games I've ever played! Why don't more people play it?
,Recommended,258010,23299045,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,bill.kress,"I would recommend this at the advertised price 9.99 but you might wait for a sale.I love the concept of it being an RPG, but it's not.  The tutorial is kind of rpgish but very structured--few choices in customization and ship choice so they can introduce you to all the ships.The problem is that afterwards all the level 1-3 ships, most hulls and a bunch of level 5 prebuilts are all open.At that point it's not an RPG, it's a combat/shooter with a decent choice of ships and weapons.I restarted hoping for an ""RPG"" mode where you start with a single, tiny fighter hull and work your way up but no--you skip the tutoral and they just open up everything including 1-2 of each highest level prebuilt hull.I realize many people don't like RPGs and so they just want to get to the highest level with every option open and fight, but if that's the case kindly don't advertise it as an RPG.  For isntance, Diablo 3 is this way--levels 1-70 are paretty much a tutorial and then you start playing after level 70.  Stop calling these things RPGs, they are fighting games with extended tutorials--that's it.Still, not at all bad for the price.  Even has a MOBA map that's pretty cool.If an RPG mode was introduced to (optionally) replace the extended tutorial with slower advancement and less initially unlocked I'd be really happy with this game."
76561198078784788,Recommended,258010,23385956,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,mafalda_157,"What an excellent and unique game! I can honestly say I've never played a game quite like it before, and even though it takes a couple hours to fully familiarize youself with the gameplay, once you do it's nothing but exciting fast-paced action. The storyline is also very satisfying, with fun characters and impressive world-building. Add to this the tremendous amount of costumization and content available and you get a game that is worth every penny. Definitely recommended!"
76561198015331072,Recommended,258010,23682147,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Golden Monkey,Hard to give this a yes or a no.  It appeals to me but the controls weren't so great and the tutorial really felt constraining.  I had a lot more fun with the Drox Operative.  It was a bit fun so I'll give it a thumbs up.
,Recommended,258010,21915714,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,The Mancunian Gamer,A Game this cheap shouldnt be this good! Its completely Absorbing in an old school retro kind of way. 7/10
76561198053790283,Recommended,258010,22867232,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,anidrojeno,"I havea couple of problems with this game, the ending is♥♥♥♥♥♥and the jokes are pretty predictible and cliche. The game tries to develop the characters but fails because tis is a game, not a novel. There's not much else to criticize.That being said the rest of the game is pretty good.The combat sytem is solid and easy to understand thanks to the campaign:There are classes in this game, as well as hibrid class ships, which makes sure that everybody can have a personal way of playing, add to this the customization that can be archived through using different parts for your spaceship and you get diverse ways of playing.The AI is pretty good although predictible, but dogfighting more than one is pretty pleasant, but easy past a certain point.The challenges are really fun to complete and will scratch any completionist's itch just right.The multiplayer can be sparse sometimes, so convince a couple of friends to buy this if you end up liking this, that being said most of the time you can find people to fight.The campaign goes through every ship and teaches you the basics, as well as offering some interesting fights, bosses and unique scenarios.In conclusion, the game itself is good, mechanically speaking it's one of my favourite top down space games, but it's currently pulled back by the story and it's characters, since it takes theese components from a novel, and there is no good way of implementing a story into a game that's already coded out if the story wasn't tailored to the game."
76561198174623302,Recommended,258010,19684342,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,spuds.yoder,Great game love it
76561198130267225,Recommended,258010,22237670,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Dex,"Fun game, really like the thrill of shooting other spaceships down it's super fun, has tons of funny jokes in it and the soundtrack is perfect!I bought it for 0.60 cents +/- (Christmas sales).I haven't tried co-op out yet but it seems even more fun than doing single player! Buy this game, it's AWSOME!Ratings :gameplay 8/10Fun 8.5/10Looks 9/10"
76561198012598837,Recommended,258010,21939633,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,tommy weesaw,yo get this game. Like going around and dodging a bunch of enemies is so ♥♥♥♥ing cool. then you get to kill them.10/10 would buy for a dollar again
76561198033989251,Recommended,258010,21973634,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,TheMad,Funny. Excellent!
,Recommended,258010,22405605,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Grimswolf,"Paid 99cents for this on sale, was expecting a fun little space game... little space game, yeah...A short ways into the game, and I started being so overwhelmed by all the content, customization modes, what the heck made each ship so different and generally intense game play I thought I was in over my head. A few more hours into the story and gradually it all started to make sense. How the different archetypes provide both diversity and a reasonable level of predictability, how to choose a hull with the equipment nodes you favor most, which abilities synchronize well with others, and how different problems require different approaches to solve while still allowing for a huge diversity.Story mode took me about 30hours and now I'm finding I'm having a ton of fun trying to figure out how to get all the special bonuses on each mission, and all the other modes (Zombie Survival, Gladiator, Wave Mode, Spire Battle and especially Space Defense league) drastically increase the value of the game past that. Now I just need to find some friends to play Space Defense league with.This game needs to be on all the hidden gem lists. It's a hidden gem among hidden gems."
76561198053386827,Recommended,258010,22338678,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Hyvenia,"One of the most underrated games I have ever seen. It has excellent gameplay, excellent story, it's very original and the game is one of a kind, and it provides more than enough content to stay entertained for hours and hours without getting bored. The ship customization is very cool too. The only thing it kind of lacks, is teaching you how the ship customization works, but it isn't that hard to figure it out once you take a look at what everything does. The tutorial is already kind of long (but skippable, though I wouldn't recommend skipping it because you would miss a lot of the story), but I feel it's justified because it's somewhat necessary.The only thing I don't really like, is the fact that the multiplayer is dead. Most of the time there's nobody playing online. Though if you have friends to play it with it can be a lot of fun. Though I can forgive this because I feel that the game is already worth it just for the singleplayer.But overall it is an excellent game and I would recommend everyone to give it a try. But be patient with the game, it opens up somewhat slowly, but it's definitely worth it. (Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying the early game isn't fun, because it's still fun as hell. I'm saying that it might take a while before you get to use all the things the game eventually offers.)"
,Recommended,258010,20385780,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Why do witches burn?,"great, really fantastic space game! a must buy for any space game lover."
,Recommended,258010,20369892,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Lan,I still can't understand how to controls work for this game. But it just adds to the realistic physics of moving in 2D space. This game is awesome!
76561198022621720,Recommended,258010,20423453,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Berteran,"Suprisingly good, Far better then expected, a very interesting take on a classic game concept.story line is interesting enough aswell, would advice anyone who loves arcade shootin stuff in space games to give it a try."
76561197969799575,Recommended,258010,20429894,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,rosscouk,"This game is excellent. Really enjoying the single player story and enjoying the writing. I had in my mind this was a twin stick shooter, it isnt, but once I got that our of my head it grew on my very quickly. Highly recommended."
76561197988961312,Recommended,258010,20495413,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Jack Frost,"This game has an insane amount of content for it's price, amazing puns, i'd say 10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,258010,20512399,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,αllα,10/10
76561197982643894,Recommended,258010,8112132,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Akamai,I dont know how much you may like isometric newtonian physics space shooters ... but this game is nice. There's space hulls you can buy that requires two pilots to run and there's a MOBA multiplayer mode too. There's a lot of polish on the game modes and ship customization as well. Bad news is the servers are either East coast or International
76561198039390162,Recommended,258010,8112935,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,FTS902,I highly recomend it. The story is neat. The gameplay reminds me of the original Asteroid on crack. Nice for when you want a break from the norm.
76561197985077073,Recommended,258010,8158420,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,ammayhem,"A great game!  It's kept simple, the story line is very good, has well placed humor in it as well.The best part is the customization.  Many different classes of ships, with cross-breed class ships as well.  Plus the plethora of mods you can put on them to make unique builds.  I love finding those over-powered or hilarious combos and testing them out in Zombie Apocalypse mode.Well worth the money, and lots of replay value from various campaign difficulties and bonuses, unlocking hulls and mods, and testing out those builds.  Peanut butter cups included!"
,Recommended,258010,27067999,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sina,"So many ships to choose from, so many weapons, engines, shields, etc. That awesome storyline which also acts as a walkthrough for each ship class, what else else do you need?!!In my opinion, this game is worth much more than its price, it's a very well made RPG, if you're having doubts, you should just buy it coz you're not gonna regret playing this game.Man, I wish that last level lasted forever..."
,Recommended,258010,35072062,Posted: 19 September,all,the.momaw,"Customize your ship in serious detail, changing not only the weapons but what special offensive, defense, and mobility moves you have. Many different ways to play from railguns, shotguns, guided missiles, mines, bombs, turrets, cloaking designs, physics based designs, ""magic"" designs...!  Game provides a large number of missions across a story campaign that challenge you to learn all the different ways to fight, move, and survive, and also some arenas to put it all together however you want. I just wish it was an open ended game like the X series, so you could play it longer.  For the always-on-sale asking price of 1$, if you like top down spaceship shooters this probably the best deal on Steam."
76561198128686229,Recommended,258010,35146360,Posted: 23 September,all,Rjania,"Great game, used to love playing it on my old underpowered laptop. Although now I have a new one (which runs linux) to my irritation this game(which would be perfect for it) does not run on linux, to nobody's suprise. There has been some serious commitment to making the game and the gameplay is on point as well as suprisingly detailed textures. I'd surely recommend the game as it is 79p right now, as when I got it a year ago."
,Not Recommended,258010,18803538,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Dreadiel,"No SIDE thrusters on a SPACEship ??WTH...you'll spend most of your time raging against the controls : a simple fix would have made this game fantastic, i sincerly dont know why devs wont just do what is NEEDED...Too bad, because the story is very interesting."
,Not Recommended,258010,24553847,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Capt.Cool,"ːp2orangeːCATEGORY:Top down space shooterRR is a space shooter with a variety of different ships and modifications. It has a great story and good relaxing music. Unfortunately the controls of the ship are not as good, and the graphics in general are unexceptional. The black space looks boring. If you wanna see how colourful a 2D space game could look seeSPACE PIRATES and ZOMBIES.On the other hand Ring Runner has a complex story and a 2 player mode. And in sale its for just 1€. RR is not a bad game, but I liked SPAZ better. I gave a ""thumbs down"" because it was not appealing to me. If I could I would rate it neutral.But if you are into 2D space shooters maybe try them both...PRO:story2 player coop modemusicprice (in sale)CON:boring black spacewobbly controlsːp2orangeːSYNOPSIS:If you wanna buy just one 2D space shooter I would recommend SPAZ over RR.Ring Runner and SPAZ havefree demos. Go and compare yourself !"
