user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198005406191,Recommended,258030,32034996,Posted: 28 May,all,servvsumbrarum,"Greetings Everyone!  As always I try to review every game I own and occasionally like to buy a game here and there on my wish list, even more when they are on sale.  Today, we have a new RPG using classic mechanics with a healthy splash of new and exciting.  The graphics are also low in that indie way but charming.  Anyone looking for a new RPG knows what to expect but some younger players may have never seen a turn based RPG that focuses on story not leveling mechanics and although there is challenge the mechanics themselves are not meant to be the focus.Timeless Setting:  Let me start by focusing on the most important part of any RPG, the story.  Before I can start with the story itself I must mention the settling.  I absolutely love the setting, I won’t get into the big ‘thing’ that sets this world apart but I absolutely loved it…what annoys me is that the game focuses so little on it.  There is an amazing part of the world you are in that the game only bothers mentioning part way through and with no fan fair; they don’t’ try to ‘show you’ and just tell you but don’t make anywhere near as big of a deal as they should.  It turns out that this is even partly central to the story but only because some happened already.  I feel like I would have rather see the original event and not this second coming.  There is an amazing story that I hope they will focus on in a sequel but as it is the story is left with a ‘bleh’ feeling where the setting is amazing.Press Space to Attack:  The combat revolves around classic turn based selection where you line up on one side and the enemies line up on the other.  I know many might think this outdated but I found it refreshing to see an old school system but that is also revamped with modern components and strategy.  Not only is the combat solid it is difficult to a decent degree, requiring attention and strategy but not so difficult that you have to spend hours of grinding.  The leveling system has a unique ‘talent’ system that is innovative but forgoes weapons and armor or stat improvements from leveling.  It is a nice system though I would have liked to have seen more depth in the end (and a level cap higher than 20) including weapons, armor, etc.  The Amri system is a nice addition that creates resource management in addition to turn based.Time to Completion:  From my research the game takes about 20 hours to play though I spent several hours more.  But, none can argue that it isn’t a bit short, the game picks up about halfway through but feels more like a speed bump due to some of the story issues.  I can’t help but feel there is a much larger story here and this is only the first chapter, I want to know more about the cities mentioned, the final continent, etc.Some Minor Bumps:  I normally stick to three points but I felt it was needed.  There are some non story related issues that I have.  The ammo system in the game and the items themselves are managed poorly, I should be able to remove items from my shortcuts that are no longer needed but all I can do is exchange them.  In addition the way the items are numbered is odd.  The much larger issue is that there are a small number of venders but you can’t sell anything and many of the rarer items require you to kill very specific enemies you don’t really remember where they are causing some minor annoyances when you are just trying to prepare for the final push.  The game also has area based level caps for experience which is both a blessing and a curse.  Finally, we have some odd pulls where the enemies seem to bug out and you end up having to kill them in another battle hurting both your experience and time; to make matters worse some enemies are single enemy packs that are just basic enemies wasting more time for no reason.Let me end by saying that if you like classic RPGs with a solid combat system you should grab this.  Yes it has problems (mainly some of the story bits) but overall an enjoyable game that really could use a bit more depth in the story and some additional content.  Oh, Olia’s victory animation needs some work; she looks like she is jerking her spear around instead of flourishing it.  Other than that, this game is a solid piece of callback to the old ways of RPGs with some solid attempts to improve on it."
,Recommended,258030,32421312,Posted: 14 June,all,Nab,"Earthlock is an indie developed (somewhat rough around the edges, no AAA content), adventure (you follow a linear series of events) RPG (there are no decisions in the story, no Role to play) inspired by the classic 3D RPGs (early Final Fantasys with must reduced content) of the late 90's (more early 90s), with a fresh take on turn based combat (nope, old hat. There is nothing new about the combat) and character progression (while the presentation and some details might be new, i is nothing to write home about).The game has its moments, sure. Some nice locales and a few interesting fights. On the other hand the story makes very little sense. Instead of backstories and character progression the characters insist on being 'mysterious'.If you don't set your expectations too high you can have fun with the game."
,Recommended,258030,26753409,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dymhsa,"If I could describe Earthlock in a single sentence it would be something along the lines of this: A simple, unpretentious rpg heavily inspired by NES/SNES jrpgs. The game has numerous flaws, but if you temper your expectations you'll be taken on a rather enjoyable journey.I'll begin with the game's strengths. The music is absolutely brilliant. Almost every track fit right in and strengthened the atmosphere of the entire game. The dynamic music, how the overworld track would go right into the combat version of a song then seamlessly right back out once combat ended, was a great touch.The story is simple. This is actually a boon to the game as it keeps the focus where it needs to be. The characters all have their reason for going on the journey, and it's never hard to follow.The world is pleasant to look at. Visual design for most places ranges from 7/10 to 10/10. I do not know if it was intended, but the stark contrast in appearance between the ancient technology and the modern, rediscovered/reinvented technology was pleasing. The world felt as fresh and unique as it needed to be. In addition there are lots of little bits of lore scattered around for those who wish to look. Even the character Gnart, a scribe of sorts, keeps a little journal of the adventure one can read at any time. You can tell they cared enough to flesh out their world beyond what the story required.There are many great systems similar to those used in other rpgs. There are no random encounters, all enemies being visible on all maps. One can choose to engage a large group or lure them off one at a time. There are benefits to both approaches. Obviously fighting fewer enemies at a time will make life easier, but fighting more builds a large experience multiplier skyrocketing levels much faster. It's a great risk vs reward system. Although the difficulty spikes make it near manditory to fight large groups when you can or else you may have to go back to grind levels later.You have a party of 4 out of possible 6 characters. Each character can be 'paired' to any other and they work together. They gain passive bonuses based on their bond level, which can change up how they play. Furthermore every character has two seperate stance which give them multiple different abilities. You can have the character Amon play as a rogue/thief, or as a ranged heavy hitter.Instead of physical equipment, each character has a large talent board. On the talent board you can put stat cards, ability cards, and perk cards. This further changes the way characters can play, though each one is locked into a general role. The mages are never going to be as effective fighters as the characters made for it, but they can be made somewhat passable if one chooses.The use of teleport and saving statues is nice. They're well placed so one is never far from being able to save or teleport back to a town, so the lack of being able to save anywhere was not noticed at all.The gardening is a cute addition. I mean that both literal and sarcastically. It's not required except to craft healing potions, or if you plan on turning either of the two character with ranged weaponry into ranged specialists. It is the only reliable way to gain potions or ammunition, and can be quite time consuming. Perhaps being able to purchase second best ammunition and potions from shops would alleviate the frustration I had with the game design behind it. Using it to craft the best items would give incentive, while giving the second best items to shops would have made it 100% skippable by those not wanting to touch it.The enemy visual design is a little hit and miss. In general I like it, even though there's not a wide variety of enemies so some models are simple retextures. I adored the old enemies from the ancient ruins.Now the bad. Like I said the flaws are numerous but most are relatively minor, considering the small team and inexperience behind the people involved. Some minor spoilers about characters lie below, but nothing pertinent to the story.The scope felt a little bit too big for the story. There wasn't a whole lot of character interaction, and I could feel any footing of investment I had in a few of the characters slip as time went on. Gnart and Amon end up being the most interesting of all the characters. That's not to say the others couldn't potentially be, but there is so little ever mentioned of them that it's easy to forget that they are more than cardboard cutouts holding weapons. Olia, a mysterious spear wielding warrior/scholar, obviously has an interesting backstory that is constantly hinted at, but never properly told. Taika is an odd and special breed of magic dog, but we're never told what makes them special. PAT is an ancient robot from the pre-magic-apocalypse, but he tells almost nothing of interest before that pre-magic-apocalypse. I think Ive is my least favorite character, but that may be because of her introduction to the game and lack of consequences for a particular action she commits rather than her demeanor. The game shares a lot of backstory on Amon and Gnart, on the other hand. While it serves to flesh them out a lot and is wonderful in and of itself. It also highlights just how little the game tells us of the others. In short, I think the characters have character, but the lack of interaction makes one easily forget.The dialogue is also rather simple and a little strange at times. Some of it could be due to translation, but it never bothered me personally.In addition I wish there was just more interaction between all the characters. They all had their various reasons for being dragged into this adventure, but the party banter felt very lacking. Maybe an easy solution to this could have been various interactions on the Isle of Plumpet (your home base more or less) depending on how far into the story you are. Interactions with things leading the chosen leader of your party to comment with their thoughts or feelings.The fights, or rather the game difficulty, seemed very spotty. You're driven in a linear fashion through the world, or else this wouldn't be much of an issue. However more than a few times you'll enter an area or find a new boss, and there is no way forward except to go back and grind out a level or two. Maybe it was because sometimes I preferred to not fight large groups of enemies so I became underleveled, but even so it was an annoyance. In addition, the AI seems really bad. For example, it will bring a character to the brink of death and then focus on another before actually finishing said character.Animations are a little clunky and character models felt stiff. In contract to the music work, the sound design for everything else was mediocre.This is very spoilerific for the ending, so reader be warned. I'm wondering how the party managed to escape the memory of Maato after destroing the Valvur'ed Ichabo. To my knowledge there was no proper way to leave once you entered. Them just magically pooping out after winning the fight seemed very hamfisted. I can forgive everything else in the game, but that was one thing I felt really needed an explanation. Perhaps this is due to the general feeling of the scope of the game being slightly larger than what the devs could feasably pull off, which I feel is the reason for a lot of other story/character interaction related things. But still, this if anything needed some sort of explanation.In short, the story is nothing spectacular but passable and unpretentious. The game systems are hit and miss, but with a lot of novel things thrown in. The world and music are delightful. I paid around 27 euros for this game. I'd say it's at best a  15 euro title, for those that like this sort of game. Although I feel no regrets paying the amount I did and am glad the money went to this studio. There was real talent and real love fueling this game. Despite the pockmarks and cracks, I found it to be a great experience."
,Recommended,258030,33067669,Posted: 30 June,all,That's Vile!,"During my entire playthrough of EARTHLOCK, I was never really sure whether I enjoyed it or not - the game tiptoes between enjoyable and boring, never really falling into either category.For everything it achieves, there is a ""but"":The locations are lovely, but nothing memorable.The character design is interesting, but the characters themselves are not.The battle system fun and challenging, but grows old quickly.The JRPG grind is mostly absent, but now you have to wait around to literally farm your upgrades.The music well produced, but not all that fantastic. (The battle theme being the most disappointing.)Perhaps the worst offender is the story, or what constitutes one. It's borderline generic involving loosely tied together plot points. You go from location to location with only the thinnest of motive before discovering the main antagonist and from then on pursuing him.As many have mentioned, the ideas are there, its just the content that is missing. EARTHLOCK never truly feels finished.I'm recommending this game because I genuinely see potential in Snowcastle's series. With EARTHLOCK: Festival of Magic it has started shakily, but with a little finesse they could have a magnificent series."
,Not Recommended,258030,28222236,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Twistedironpaw,"This game is clearly made with effort. The art assets, especially the environments, are wonderful, the characters each have some interesting mechanic to play around with, and the monster designs are cool. It harkens back to slightly older JRPGs with its use of classic tropes and terribly named inconsequential objects. The mechanics for the battle system are interesting, and at times quite fun.However, this game has so many problems, I cannot in good faith reccomend it.The writing is entirely devoid of voice. Each character sounds like the same person's speech, with a few quirks hastily pasted onto them. What could be relevant and relatable character designs are ruined by one-dimensional exposition lines and a lack of reactive dialogue. The tutorial messages placed into character dialogue are arguably worse, taking what could be an opportunity for cheeky 4th wall breaking, and removing all flavor.The navigation is inconsistent at best. In most places, the character models are prone to get stuck on corners of walls and whatnot. This is far from a major gripe, but it's important, as walking is a good portion of what you do in this game, and it determines the position you're in at the start of a fight.[Edit: One of the major gripes I had with the walking, at the time of 5/17, has been fixed. The character models have not fallen through the floor and cost me progress yet.]The progression could be interesting, but it takes a good deal of grinding the thief's Steal ability on different enemies to craft objects needed to use the talent points you have gained, and oft creates spaces within the game where the player is underpowered and overleveled when facing enemies, and leads to a less-than-smooth leveling experience.I found the puzzles quite boring. Not very good by any stretch. Many of them will require that your have a single character selected, something the game only ever mentions once, almost at the very start of the game. Some will require you run into stray geometry until your character finds a hidden passage, and all of them require repeated use of a quite awful context-sensitive interact button.All of that combined with the fact that the game has a number of edge-case bugs which can cause save corruption and crashes. [Edit: Some of which have been fixed]This is not a very good game.I hope that the Developers can learn from the mistakes they made with this game and move on to something greater, because everything in this game reeks of untapped, unpolished potential."
,Recommended,258030,28166803,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,csect,"Nice, old school JRPG that harkens to the some of my favorites like the older Final Fantasies and Dragon Quest.  It does the fundamentals well without trying to do anything too radical or new, just a few twists on the tried and true formula, some of which are brilliantly simple and I think add a lot to the experience.It is apparent that the whole thing was made with love. The world and soundtrack are beautiful and have a lot of character, but the storytelling is pretty lazy, the characters are a little flat, and a lot of it just feels kind of slapped together.Still, all-told, I'm having a good time exploring their world and beating up cartoon monsters with my rag-tag crew of good guys, which is exactly what I was hoping for.  If you want a laid back jrpg romp, this is a good one."
76561198027290084,Not Recommended,258030,28767134,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Timmy Finnegan,"It's not worth it.Although this game is fantastic for the first 90%, the developers decided to add in some of the most frustrating rpg mechanics i've ever seen in the last 10%.All of the heroes in your party cap out at level 20 which is easily hit before the final boss.Then, the last area before the final boss consist of a string of non-avoidable, exp-less, time consuming battles that offer you nothing. Then all this leading to the most frustrating final boss of all time that decides to punish you for playing the game any other way then to prepare for this battle. All Characters have to be built a very specific way that revolves around buffing a single type of damage, using a specific four party members.God forbid you didn't prepare with this exact set-up you are going to be doing a whole lot of grinding through mobs that don't give exponential exp based on their level. Not to mention all the level 20 members you have will gain nothing from this grinding.Incredibly dissapointing end to an otherwise good game. The last two hours completely destroy anything positive about Earthlock."
76561198191911057,Not Recommended,258030,33105591,Posted: 1 July,all,man of the iron,"After a few hours into the game, I can't say that this is a bad game. I can say its boring though.The game had me at several points, wanting to see the potential of the game. But for every positive I can list, I can also list a negative that almost makes you forget about the positives.The graphics are charming and good, the characters and word being bright and contrasting well with the environments. But after several optimization patches the game still runs poorly. Frame stuttering is normal, and the game hangs from time to time after certain actions.The boss design is great, with many having a certain weakness that destroyes them. But man the difficulty is all over the place. Beat a boss that took you to the edge of you limits, then the next one is a walk in the park.The battle system is unique and refreshing. More along the lines of final fantasy 10 turn based style with chrono cross combat points(I forget what they were called). While the system is great, the battles are SLOW. The game rewards you heavily by pulling in and fighting multiple mobs at once, but you lack any consistent AOE for several hours into the game. This is by far my biggest gripe with the game. While its not to terribly difficult, its extremely tedious. You do build a meter to unleash strong attacks, but its not frequent enough to help speed up the pace. And I hope you like to grind, because the pace made the game feel like a grind.The talent system is great. Its a solid effort at something unique, and its very customizable. You could just add a ton of might on a single character and have a powerhouse. However, you will always be low on whatever it is you need. Always. You have 2 or 3 talent points but no might or magic? To bad. And yes, you can switch around talents for others when you get the one you want, but it will be a long while till you feel comfortable with what you got.The dungeons are simple and straightforward enough. But several times the camera was just obscuring what I needed to see. The camera wasn't always a trouble, but when it was the problem was maddening (burning desert im look at you).I could go on and on, the problems ultimately outweigh the positives. And that sucks. I wanted to like this game. The style and presentation was present, and I could see the potential it has. But I kept waiting for the game to reach its potential, and it never did."
,Recommended,258030,28818580,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ClassicVinyl,"When I first saw Earthlock I was like this likes kinda cool, so I read up on it before it came out,liked what I read and the pictures of the game too.I checked back on the game's forums every few days to find out about updates and what people were talking about.Then it was delayed for about 3 weeks give or take, at this point I was skeptical and to be honest a little upset I wasn't playing it yet.When it did come out I checked reviews which were mixed and saw the thirty dollar price tag, well that being the case I put it on my wishlist for a sale, fast forward maybe 6 weeks and I find it on Humble Bundle for under twenty with better reviews on Steam.I picked it up and glad I did because it is a hidden gem of a game, in part also because my friend Saibot wrote a good review and I respect his opinion since we like similiar game/genre.Pros: Combat is easy to understand but harder to master and includes building up each toon differently but working as aunit.Graphics are really nice and fit the game perfectly - Fredrik Dahl - Concept Artist,  great job Sir!Soundtrack and game sounds are well done and again fit the game.Story is not super detailed but solid and interesting.Characters pull you in and are relatable.Cons:The text is not perfect, but easy to understand, remember they are a small studio from Oslo, Norway, English isn'tthier first language.Price is a little high but they do have to make a living - at twenty they would have sold more copies off the bat.All in all a really good RPG here from a small studio who is passionate about the game  and put their hearts intoit.Twenty to Thirty plus hours to complete depending if you are speed racer or just cruisin.Well Done Snowcastle Games"
,Recommended,258030,26290437,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Saibot,"This game doesn't deserve the current rating of 72%Simply a beautiful (J)RPG which will give you hours of throwback goodness. The pairing and a few other gameplay gems were also a pleasant surprise.The growing/crafting system is pretty great and I really like the way your team members team up as pairs adding passive bonuses in combat. I want to remain as spoiler free as possible so I won't comment on the story so far but i can promise youfor a Indie game its really impressive!The signs so far are strong, especially for it being a 27,99€ Game. I got it discounted on Halloween Sale for 22,39€ and i dont regret it!Walking around the world is a little under whelming in terms of ""stuff to do"", but it's charming. Grinding enemies can be a bit of that, a grind, but there's workarounds and special things to do to make sure you're not spending to much time collecting a big mob of dudes to kill.Good story, good artwork, great soundtrack, and the turn-based mechanics are pulled of very well. Something about it reminds me of my childhood, and it shows that you don't need a big budget to make a good game.That being said... omg... The Soundtrack. Oh god please who is the God who made that Soundtrack? It gave me goosebumps. I mean.. Just listen to those 2 Soundtracks!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pbAiCpNU1sYou get instantly hooked about the soundtrack and i would just pay 22,39€ only for the Soundtrack ;oAnd now this. Just listen to this for 30 seconds. The Soundtrack is superiorhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BID1-bGx1VYRecommended. Just recommended. They're Indie. First Game? I Love it. Keep up the good work and do more games like this! Would instantly throw my money at the screen. Big fan here :)"
,Recommended,258030,32008489,Posted: 27 May,all,JoshToshhh,"So im almost 7 hours into this game, it is such a fun game! I love the art work in the game and a fun story line as of what ive seen."
,Recommended,258030,32165037,Posted: 3 June,all,IcyCyborg,"Awesome graphics and gameplay. The ability to swap out your skills, and stats for different types of battling and different stances give you more options for battle."
,Recommended,258030,34792553,Posted: 7 September,all,Helevorn,"Maybe this game could seem a little bit ""too unpolished"" for what concerns graphics, combat system, leveling up/talent gameplay and such, but it's really worth it to me.It's not a masterpiece and of course one can see it's no Square-Enix product - it's still an indie game! - but still manages to be a very nice JRPG with some good ideas both in combat and in the dungeons.Can be boring, of course, so don't expect something particularly awesome involving plot or such but the gameplay is good, the characters themselves are greatly customizable (you have many ""talents"" as skills are called, you have ""bonds"", you have different fighting stances like for flying or ground enemies etc.) so it's funny, and not too short too!"
,Recommended,258030,33170779,Posted: 2 July,all,Knee,"I'm really on the fence on whether or not to recommend.What the story lacks in depth, the gameplay makes up for it.If you like turn-based RPGs, then I recommend this,ortherwise I'll recommend this if you are getting it at a discount.tl;drHad the developers been more strategic in their music choice (special music for certain cutscenes?)and character development this game would have easily jumped to my top 5 favorite RPGs.It is very satisfying to play as an RPG but I wish the story was there too.I like to split complex games like RPGs into four piecesMusic, Artwork, Gameplay, Storybut first:Technicalities:Framerate is playable (My PC is a certified Intel HD laptop potato)UI is okay, took some getting used toControls are responsiveNever crashedInsanely fast loading timesVery keyboard friendly (a controller wouldn't make that much of a difference)Camera is very annoying at times, can't tell whether i'm going to encounter a group of enemiesStory: 2/10My favorite part to any linear RPG game like this is the story but it is, I think,the weakest part of this game. The plot has an extreme emotional flatline.The only reaction you get from any of the main characters is""Where's Uncle Benjo!?"" or ""Shut up, Gnart"" (why are they always jerks to Gnart????).It would be difficult to describe the each of the main characters because you wouldn'tbe able to tell which one I'm describing. (Amon, Olia, and Ive to be specific).It has a lot of potential but it is just swept away to accelerate the plot.Music: 6/10I like the music for this game. It's pretty dramatic. But that's all you get, dramatic.It is difficult to find one that sticks out because they are all trying to set the same mood.A lot of the comical conversations in the game feel very out of placebecause the mood the music sets.Artwork: 9/10The artwork, graphics, character designs are all very well done.Grassy plains, foggy swamps, metal-brick buildings, smokey cities, remote temples, smelly sewers.This is where the music and the world map work together the best.Considering I'm used to playing pre-2005 turn-based RPGs, this game is very pretty.I'm also a sucker for a few post processing effects (like dynamic shadows, for one).Gameplay: 9/10The gameplay is really why I'll continue to play this game to the end.It's a standard 4-player-party turn-based RPG with its own unique twists (like the Bond system).(I live and die by the turn-based)Has you usual status effects, elemental abilities (fire, ice, water...)Bosses can be beaten with some light level grinding.Regular monsters get pretty tough pretty fast. I find myself grinding A LOT more for ammo than levels, though."
76561198008588975,Recommended,258030,25727326,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,RedTrevius,"Nice game, a cool throwback at classic JRPG's. Fantastic look and design, and a good turn based combat. A truly lovable game, don't expect it to be the great RPG of 2016, just a little nice game to pass some time and have fun.PS: I'd really like this game to become the first of many (either sequels or spiritual successors) with a bigger team behind it. I really miss classic JRPGs on PC."
76561198037637162,Recommended,258030,28440041,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Knackz（韩丹青）,"Earthlock is a nice little gem of a game. I'm quite happy I purchased it and it was well worth the money. I'm hoping for a follow-up game from the devs with better writing. However, when you have 7 other languages to translate it into I understand.Pros:-Graphics - are nice and colorful but can also change as you progress in the game to be dark and dense nicely matching the place you are currently going. The diversity is great and the maps are littered with beautiful vistas. Seeing the battles and the artwork were the main draws to the game for me.-Battles and Fights - are really quite fun and every character has two stances. Some characters might focus on buffing and damage which others focus on healing and damage and others have a melle and ranged stance. It's quite nice and you'll find yourself switching in and out of stances at times to get the best results. You don't have magic either you have a number of amri (abilitiy points) that you can use and some moves require more than others. It's fairly wel balanced and tweaking the talents and bonds system allows for more customization.-Leveling up system/talents/bonds - Leveling up does make a difference but something else that is quite cool is the bond system. Every character can bond with another. The point of doing this, outside of adding 3 unique points to your talent board is that it will grant the characters more unique abilities that when they are paired can make them stronger. This comes in handy when fighting certain bosses. On most fights you don't need to tap into these abilities but it's worth it when you fight difficult bosses. If you outlevel the bosses they can be easy but if not considering how to fight can be quite fun and worth your time. If you take the wrong character combos and don't consider what you need to win you will die in battle.-Music - The compositions and score are quite nice. I had a great time listening to the music and never wanted to turn it off. Of course battle music may wear on you after awhile but I still enjoyed it. The sound effects aren't brillant but they're decent and they worked and were never immersion breaking.-Languages - Lots of support for other languages in an RPG is hard to find. If you want to pratice another language or learn one it's not a bad idea to open the options menu and have it switch over. You don't need to restart the game and it works like a charm. I tested it with Chinese, since I'm learning Chinese and it was fast and easy. It's something most people won't care about but it's quite nice!-Fun Factor - I always felt like I wanted to play the game. It rarely ever felt too grindy or like a chore. I wanted to progress and explore and kill all of the bosses. Dungeons weren't too long and the game was just a blast to play through.Cons:-Storyline - It's not brillant. It's not awful but... being a veteran to many rpgs I was rather dissapointed with quite a bit of the dialogue. One of the characters who arguably does draw/stretch out the lore is often told to zip it. While this makes sense it would have been nice to find ways for the characters to ask questions as opposed to just ask him to shut up most of the time. They character dialogue when they spoke to each other wasn't interesting either. They didn't really say anything witty or clever most of the time. There were a few jokes but they didn't do it for me. If you want a wonderful story you will be a bit crestfallen.Minor Annoyances:-There are 2 characters who did not have an animation when they finished two sections of the game that are required. It just seemed off though since I started grining this to level up my bonds/abilities.-Garden Growing - Early in the game you are taken to a garden section where you grow plants to get the best items for two characters as well as healing items. This section can be quite fun but it is also grindy and you HAVE to do this for the best attack items for 2 of the characters in the game. I said this earlier and didn't mind it much but it might bother other players.-Teleportation is nice but there to teleport anywhere you first have to teleport to a main hub. It's not a huge deal breaker but it will take you about 15 extra seconds to do this and you may do it a fair amount of times.-No weapons/armor to upgrade. I personally don't mind but if you love equipping new gear you will be a bit upset.TL:DR+ Graphics+ Battles+ Leveling up/Bond and Talent System+ Nice Music-Storyline and writing isn't great because of 8+ languages supported."
76561197994867488,Recommended,258030,35213770,Posted: 25 September,all,smileyhunter,"Short version: If you like JRPGs - particularly those from the sixth-gen before shooters with stats took over the RPG market - then I highly recommend Earthlock despite its flaws. If you don't like RPGs, then this one won't change your mind.Most of the Earthlock reviews are very, very mixed, and this one will be no different. The easiest way to deal with this is to lay out everything it does well and everything it does badly.What Earthlock does well: The game features a excellent combat system that's more tactical and satisfying than in most RPGs but without getting too quirky for its own good. It features a character level system that allows the player to easily build each character in several different ways. The overworld features yet another neat series of mechanics that allow the player to avoid random battles or manipulate them to increase experience. Basically, the developers tweaked the basic RPG gameplay enough to avoid the more common old-school design errors. And while the graphics aren't stellar, the design is exceptional - a visually unique world with a level of detail rivaling that of some S-E titles.What Earthlock does badly: The game is pretty grind-heavy (especially with the poorly implemented farming system that means a patient player never runs out of healing items or ammo), but the big problem is the story. It's hard to explain the many problems with the plot without spoilers, but here's the gist: There's not much of a story for the first half of the game, just a series of extraordinary coincidences and unmotivated decisions to get the party together. Once the story does start up, it moved with headache-inducing speed, introducing new characters and plot points without really establishing them at all. I gather that this first game was meant to establish the world (and it is an interesting world with an interesting history), but the game doesn't even do a great job of that since most of the worldbuilding is in optional flavor text.I still recommend Earthlock because when it comes to RPGs, I'm willing to forgive a weak story if the game has interesting mechanics - and Earthlock definitely delivers that. It's just frustrating because the developers avoided the world of old-school RPG gameplay snags while burdening the plot with excessive devotion to old-school RPG cliches. I hope they release another title, because I suspect that they will get better at this with time, and they're already more than halfway there - they just need to unlearn what they think they know about writing for video games."
,Recommended,258030,28971446,Posted: 3 January,all,Luke,"This game feels unfinished. I'm about 80% of the way through, and nothing has happened except some shark man who I call ""uncle"" has been kidnapped and I've spent most of the time grinding mobs to level up. It honestly feels like the whole game is intro to a bigger better game. I'll probably finish it, because it's not a bad game by any means. But the plot isn't very interesting.Pros> The battle experience system is good - taking on more mobs gets you bonuses. It's almost always worth rounding up lots of enemies, than fighting them individually.> The gardening/growing ammo is a neat idea.> The artwork and animation is pretty good> Good boss battles, challenging and require some thoughCons> The normal battles are fairly boring. Same tactics used each time. No in game help that lets you see what enemies are weak to what.> The gardening is a good idea. But like the plot, it feels half finished.> The frog island feels unfinished - like, they had plans for weapon upgrades and clothing and stuff, but then didn't implement it. There is clearly space for a blacksmith, and some other stuff at the base Island, but it's never used. Eg, the library also seemed like it was going to be used for something. Instead, you just go in and then use a room upstairs to rest. A lot of the game spaces in towns are like this - no purpose to them, but it seems like they were planned to have a purpose at some stage.> Extremely frustrating to have to leave an area to replenish HP. Why not just have the frog statues let you replenish your health? Instead, you have to teleport to base, run around, find the rest area, warp back, and all the monsters have respawned. Instead, just make 99 of the cheap health potions and use them to heal up.In summary, the game is enjoyable, but feels unfinished, like only half of the ideas they had made it into the game. Search google images for ""Earthlock Map"" and you'll find two different maps. One is a small map of a peninsula and the other is a huge multi island map. The small map is the entirety of the game. The other map is just lore as far as I can tell. There are three ""over world"" areas and all of them are tiny.Once again. Feels Unfinished.Hard to recommend. I'm giving it a thumbs up, because it's not a bad game. It's just not what it could have been."
76561198053976398,Recommended,258030,25732999,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,[ betadot ],"The first thing I noticed about the game was how nice the music was. The character animations are kind of meh, but having cut my teeth on Final Fantasy (the first one) and being wowed by the isometric JRPGs of the 90s this is a lot like going home except without all the weird japanese references. The shop signs are all in a strange language so I have no freaking idea what they are supposed to say but that's not really why you play the game. The combat is turn based and can be quite challenging if you aren't up on your tithes in the holy church of RNJesus. There isn't a lot of room for powerleveling in the early game and the first true boss can be VERY difficult if you just ran straight to him. Don't forget to save... and make sure it saved cause a few times I clicked save and then died cause I went somewhere I wasn't supposed to and found out it did not in fact save.If you are familiar with the genre it's what you expect; flat characters, bad dialogue, stupid character animations, and a questionable story hook. If you aren't familiar with the genre, see the previous sentence on what to expect. I greenlit this years ago and was sad it took so long to come out and so far it's been worth the $30 bucks. I can't imagine myself playing it a 2nd time since there doesn't appear to be any alternate ways to build the characters in the early game."
76561198101289479,Recommended,258030,31935294,Posted: 24 May,all,Dummah1,"Awesome game! Hooks you in from the start!I love the mechanics, the different roles each character has and the importance of how you pair them up.It sometimes feels repetitive, but it's always challenging and making things more interesting as you progress.I definitely recommend buying this game, I got it at a discounted price, but now that I've played it, I can confidently say I would have paid full price for it."
76561198058043953,Not Recommended,258030,25903311,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,kandnm115709,"EARTHLOCK: Festival of Magic (EL:FoM) is a decent and a competent RPG, inspired by various JRPG released last decade. However unlike those JRPGs, EL:FoM lacks originality and depth. Underneath the passable graphics are layers of wasted potential and missed opportunity.One thing I really dislike about EL:FoM is the absence of an equipment system. Players cannot equip nor buy any weapons/armours. This makes money widely unimportant to gather as the only thing you will be able to buy are mostly crafting materials. No, you do not get to craft any weapons/armours.Battles are a breath of fresh air after a lot of Final Fantasy clones made using RPGMaker sold on Steam, though it might take some time getting used to it using the keyboards. It does have it's own weakness, however. For example, players are forced to remember the enemy weakness since you cannot view the details of an enemy in battle. To make matters worse is there's no indicator for exploiting enemy weakness, like in Persona 3/4 and Pokemon. This causes me personally question whether my attacks are effective or not.Another disappointment are the story. The story is hardly interesting, with some overly complicated lore made probably by Kickstarter backers. The awkward dialogs does not make it any better, I'm afraid. Basically, your character found an ancient artifact and goes on an adventure (with a complete stranger) to find out what exactly does the artifact contain. After a few hours, I got bored with it and simply stopped caring about the whole plot.The biggest turnoff for me about this game are the characters. I swear, sometimes I could not even remember the MC's name due to how incredibly uninteresting he is. The other characters are no better, especially the dark skinned and bright hair coloured woman. Some might call her character tough with a no nonsense attitute, I'd say she lacks empathy and can get obnoxious at times.Final Verdict: Good enough RPG but clearly not enough meat on it's bones. Better buy it on sale."
76561198338554647,Recommended,258030,28096741,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,johnwstaton1,"Earthlock is a hidden gem. It challenges you with its heavy strategy based combat and plays well on nostalgia with its beautiful art style. There are some small flaws in the game but they are greatly outweighed by the charm is has to offer. The talent system is a great way for you to customize your characters, the farming aspect can be tedious but gets quite addicting if you’re not careful, and the bond system involved with each character is a great addition. The game allows for a variety of combat styles and strategies which is what sold me on this old school RPG."
,Recommended,258030,29894887,Posted: 13 February,all,Tails The Fox,"EARTHLOCK: Festival of Magic is an adventure RPG game with fantasy themes, and enjoyable single-player gameplay.Earthlock's story is something that I am still learning, but its story takes place in the world of Umbra, where a cataclysmic event occurs that stops the planet from spinning. This leaves part of the world scorched by constant sunlight, part of it perpetually cold due to lack of sunlight, and a patch of livable land in between. The incident ends up burying much of the past advanced civilization, but humanity survives and society begins anew in the habitable part of the planet. The story follows the adventurer known as Amon, a boy from a desert city called Zenit. Although he usually scavenges ruins, he eventually gets entangled in a conflict with a ruling Empire, when his uncle is kidnapped, and an artifact he owns is trying to be taken from him.The game's combat is reminiscent of some older RPG games, and has a turn-based system where each character can choose their attack, magic attack, or buff. There is also an MP system in the game, called Amri, and you must use it in order to use characters' special attacks and magic attacks. There is also a ""battle bonds"" system that gives passive buffs to characters that fight together over time, and they seem to increase the more battles you do.In its combat, there is an EXP system, and when characters level up, you can apply talents to their talent boards that increase stats, give them a new ability, or give them special defenses and buffs.Earthlock's open-world gameplay is quite fun. In the cities, there are NPCs and buildings that you can visit, as well as some shops in certain areas, but in the overworld areas, there are enemies of numerous kinds, each having their strength and weaknesses. Many of the game's enemies have an elemental weakness and strength, or a weakness to a certain type of attack, be it piercing, slashing, crushing, etc. There are many different types of locations to be found in the game too, from swamps to deserts to temples, and more! The locations and the soundtrack of Earthlock are my favorite aspects of the game, and the environments are beautiful and unique.The game also has a crafting system that allows you to create ammo, potions, spells, talents, resistances, and some other things as well. As you explore the world of Umbra, you'll find various seeds for plants that you can plant when you reach an island in the game, and when grown and harvested from, they provide you with key ingredients that you'll need to make important items. Though the plant-growing and harvesting process can be time-consuming, as long as you have a plant, it will be able to provide infinite resources, and as it levels up to level 3, it will give you more items per harvest than a level 1 plant.So far, Earthlock has been quite enjoyable, although the difficulty curve has been a bit difficult to adjust to, and I'll probably have to do some more grinding. Some of the puzzles can be tricky, as well, but overall, I quite like this game, and I think it should have some more recognition.Previously, I was encountering a glitch where the game would crash often for me. I contacted Snowcastle about the issue, and they released a patch that made it so that the game would work better for Windows 8 users, and I appreciate their efforts a lot, as I haven't had a single crash since then.I do have a few complaints that I have so far in playing Earthlock. There is a difficulty spike after a certain area in the game that other people have noticed as well. You will also likely have to do some grinding of some enemies in order to reach levels that make certain difficult future boss fights doable in a way that gives you a chance. Each boss has a different strategy, and it can be hard to guess what it is sometimes, but after time, you'll be able to find their weaknesses, and with enough patience and levels, you'll be able to finish the fight. Fortunately, the game seems to consistently have save-game statues before every fight, so that you can warp back to the island and rest up, as well as make items you might need, like more potions or ammo.I've also noticed a few issues with the dialogue, and sometimes I feel like the dialogue could be fleshed-out better, but the characters do seem to have their unique personalities.Overall, Earthlock seems to be a very nice game so far, though. The unique and beautiful environments, gameplay, its absolutely lovely soundtrack, character designs, and graphics so far have been very enjoyable and quite nice to experience, and I think that this game is quite fun to play, and it has quite a bit of potential. I hope that the developers can recognize and deal with the difficulty spikes, and make the game a more smooth experience, but I still like the game quite a bit so far, and I do not regret buying it.I would recommend Earthlock to anyone who enjoys RPGs with turn-based combat, and anyone who enjoys open-world adventures. ^.^"
76561198076757867,Recommended,258030,28527270,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Damyel,"It's fun. Reminds me of the old Playstation 1 JRPGs. Final Fantasy, Breath of Fire, Legend of Dragoon, ya know the classics. I don't think it's very long. Beat the lizard boss in the manor and my save says ""18%"" (only 2 hours of play time) as of the time of writing so take that as you will. It is one of the prettier games I've seen made with Unity. The writing is passable so far but the world seems neat something about the planet stopped spinning.Verdict: It's pretty darn good. It's an indie ode to the JRPGs of old and is well worth it. Especially on sale."
76561198116335665,Recommended,258030,30150286,Posted: 24 February,all,res7less,"Now I rarely write reviews, but since I feel like this game is often judged unfairly, I will make an exception.First off, I'm a fan of the Final Fantasy series (up until 10) and purchased the game after seeing it on a random Twitch stream because of it turn-based combat system. So, as many people I started playing with good memories of the FF games.I have played many similar games, but so far, this is actually the first one that managed to capture the mood and greatness of a past era. I wasn't blown away at first, but given time, I grew attached to the game's atmosphere, its characters, music and its combat system. It actually managed to do something that Final Fantasy VII never could: having likeable characters, of which you can't decide which ones you take into your party, since you don't want to leave any out.I feel like many play about 4-5 hours and give their review, which results in the reviews not doing the game the justice it deserves. But I'm now almost 40 hours into the game and I'm really enjoying it. It has clean, well-polished graphics, a bug-free system and a very interesting background story. I spend about twenty minutes reading through all the shelves in the Owltide Library, which give an insight into how the civilizations and races found in the game came to be. I especially liked the detailed little side-stories, where someone accidentally finds something important, but ends up short of funds, looks for a sponsor, but after some struggle ultimately makes an impact onto the world (Not going into detail to avoid spoilers). All those credible stories and character's interactions imbue the game's world with life and allow you to immerse into it and enjoy the time you spend there.I can really recommend to support this game's developers by purchasing it and sincerely hope that they will continue creating such games, ignoring all those nasty ratings of people too narrow-minded to appreciate something great even if it stands right before them."
76561198017209676,Recommended,258030,29599215,Posted: 30 January,all,davidger,Love the graphics and gameplay - reminiscent of FF7. Music is quite nice as well :)So far 17 hours in the game and progression is well balanced without any roadblocks. Characters are varied and combat is fun and engaging.
76561198273254344,Recommended,258030,28303913,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,night4,"Pros:-MUSIC-Graphics-Battles force you to adapt your strategy-Awesome boss fights-Feels like what Final Fantasy SHOULD be, an updated RPG with a sort of old school feel-Did I mention the sound?Cons:-Camera is wonky and uncontrollable-No mouse pointer (though you can use mouse buttons if you take the time to assign them)-Pairing system is awkward and feels unnecessary-Characters are mostly hollow and unlikeable (Gnart is my favorite so far)-Stunted dialogue, especially where there's supposed to be ""banter"" between characters-Not quite worth full price-Even when using the ""correct"" attack, and having slotted multiple accuracy nodes, there are WAY too many glancing blows and missesOverall, the pros outweigh the cons though."
,Recommended,258030,34439843,Posted: 23 August,all,Lucid-Contradiction,"Reminiscent of Final Fantasy X, but with a much simpler story and less expansive world; impressive from an indie developer but the ways in which it excels makes the mediocre parts more disappointing in contrast.The good:Character progression is unique and interesting in two ways.Characters can be paired up in combat to form bonds; two characters battling alongside each other will level up their bond to grant bonuses while paired. Every odd level of the bond grant an extra ""Talent Point"" to each character (see below). The bonuses typically improve the common aspects of those characters (e.g if both characters have a heal move, grants a 20% bonus to healing).Each character level gives you a Talent Point for the 5 x 7 ""Talent Grid"". Each point can be spent to improve stats or unlock abilities, perks and moves. The layout is roughly the same for each character, but with different pre-filled moves / abilities.Each characters talent grid setup can be modified at any time out of combat, offering great flexibility. Note: This is only to modify, you cannot remove points placed. I think you can get enough points to fill each character's grid.Visually impressive artwork and design. This shines through in the various locations you travel to and through as well as in the appearance of characters.The bond system encourages exploring different characters abilities and party setups.Crafting mechanic is not time consuming and can probably even be ignored, but still easy and interesting enough.Puzzles and hidden items are well designed, although not challening.Rewards you for taking on greater challenge by fighting more enemies in one battle. (EXP gain multiplier)Use of haste and improving speed can mean multiple turns for each turn of the opponent. (A personal favorite tactic).The mediocre:The story and worldbuilding often feels a bit flat or simplistic. They either aren't given enough attention or the attention given isn't compelling.Save points and rest points are really close together. Enables the crafting system, being undistracting and easy but makes rest points too easily accessible and reduces the natural challenge significantly.Actions taken in combat cost one or more action points. Each turn returns one AP. This can make characters have to ""wait"" -- not guard; no defense boost -- in combat or use items if they want to recover AP to use their other / better moves. This rarely, if ever, appears to affect enemies.The bad:Talent Grid progression isn't explained well. Items are required for certain nodes and it's not initially clear that you can fill the grid, so players like me will sit on talent points waiting for an 'ability node' item thinking using too many points early will cap out growth poorly.The majority of combat feels uninteresting. There's no challenge to most of the regular enemies you come across and the controls can make it sluggish enough to be slightly frustrating.The combat and balance for progression through the game is off. Bosses are much, much tougher than general enemies, although usually don't actually challenge you but might occassionally do a one-hit KO. By the time you grind (a little) to avoid OHK-O abilities by early bosses, you definitely feel like you're lacking some of the talent progression items.Both the Steal ability to obtain items and one character's move learning ability (a little like lancet from FFX) are almost never worthwhile.Each character gets two stance. Stances offer a different moveset (e.g close or ranged attacks. Close attacks or taunt & counter. This is nice conceptually, but you'll usually stick to one stance for each character and there's not much customisation for the stances. Since you can only switch in combat, the rare cases you'll bother to switch means your character/s are in the wrong stance at the start of the next battle (it's possible I'm wrong and it just doesn't tell you how).I'm giving it a positive rating as it is fun to explore, even while falling a bit flat and it's extremely impressive for an indie game. There's much to love here despite the game's shortcomings.Note: I'm not done with this game yet, only perhaps a third of the way through, but I'm not feeling compelled to play it because I'm in a mood for a more compelling story... and this isn't it right now."
,Recommended,258030,31817400,Posted: 17 May,all,lohne,"Earthlock is a great game, it is not perfect, but makes up for it with a beautiful artstyle, interesting combat mechanics, and a fresh take on character progression.Truth be told I might have spent more time harvesting than anything else in the game though, so I haven't been able to progress as long as I should at this point. Way too addicting.Other than that I haven't had any game breaking bugs or glitches, so overall a good experience for me! Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,258030,34851531,Posted: 9 September,all,bishopmw,"What a pleasant surprise! I bought this game on a whim, looking for JRPG-ish fare. While not a AAA title, this game is well worth the asking price.Pros:- Polished. No crashes or clunky controls.- Decent, colorful varied graphics.- Decent sound.- Solid development system that includes skill trees, recipes, crafting and even bonding bonuses between characters.- Constant challenge in both combat and puzzles.- Unique party members. No two members alike.- Cliched, yet adequate story.Cons:- Minor technical bug; if my controller gets disconnected, I can't get controller support without restarting the game.- Few side quests. The ones that were there are unique and fun, but there aren't many of them.- No gear. All development is done through stats. * I didn't miss this at all. Between the stats and the talents, customizable was satisfactory to me.- Dialogue could be polished.If you've played Oceanhorn, this game is to Final Fantasy 7 - 9 what Oceanhorn is to Zelda; a solid and enjoyable effort.Plenty of room for a sequel! This game was a Kickstarter game and I'd gladly back a sequel."
76561198007934206,Not Recommended,258030,29165895,Posted: 10 January,all,Roberto,"I would be recommending this game if it wasn't for constant crashing in some areas. Couldn't work out what was causing it but it was just being in an area, it could be in combat, out of combat, or even in the main menu. One of these areas was the very last dungeon including the final boss.Otherwise it ticks all the boxes for a short JRPG. Doesn't do anything amazing but it does things well. The few problems I have (other than the crashing) are just nitpicks really. Having to warp to base to recover health and then returning to the same spot is a complete waste of time, just the save point healing you would have made the game flow a lot better.Also farming plants gets boring pretty quick but if you want to use ranged characters you better have some patience.I'd say wait for the game to be patched before picking it up, though I noticed on the forum months ago people were complaining about it and it doesn't seem to have been fixed."
,Recommended,258030,29734359,Posted: 5 February,all,michiforjoy,"Fantastic, fun, with a pleasing mix of real time and turn-based action, an interesting plot, and puzzles that aren't a drag or distraction from the main game.  The game is on the pricier side, but it's a solid 30 hours of gameplay (or more if you are a completionist).  I hope they make a sequel!"
76561197997180428,Recommended,258030,26364797,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Pellefant,"Loved it! <3Pros:- great art- pleasant music and sfx- fun battle system which feels unique- simple, cartoony, family friendly story- some epic, but not unfair, boss battles- runtime is perfect for this kind of game (appx 30h)- all achievements are possible to get without spending absurd amounts of timeCons:- still some bugs, for instance you can sometimes fall through the scenery, devs are working on itA surprisingly good debut JRPG for Snowcastle and hopefully the start of a trilogy or FF-like endless saga :)8/10"
,Recommended,258030,25744726,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Purrmaid,"I really love this game, and its universe, but I have a hard time recommending it.EARTHLOCK has some great ideas, but the game is too small, too short, to allow these ideas to breathe. Making them feel halfdone. I'll definitely look forward to any game these guys create in the future.Let me first talk about the combat system; There are 6 characters, each with two different combat-modes that you can switch between. There is also a battle-bond system, you team your party members up 2-and-2 and they'll form a bond. From 1 star to 5 this battle bond unlocks unique passives that strengthen different playstyles. (You can change bonds whenever you want without loosing any progress)There is a third mechanic to the combat system and that is the talent board. Each character has a talent board with set amount of plugs. There are Abilities, Perks and Traits. Perks gives different passives and buffs, Traits give you statpoints and Ability gives you skills you use in your combat-mode. Unlike other talent-tree systems in other games, EARTHLOCK allows you to change what is in the plugs whenever you want. So as you play the game, you'll find new abilities that you can change out the ones you already have. Meaning if you prefer one battle-mode over the other you can build your talent-board around this.The negative to this is that there isn't enough options, making the system feel halfdone, or too big for the game. Throughout the game, you feel you have options, you're finding skills and changing them out. But in the end, there's barely any choices. Not to mention the characters whose second combat-mode is simply buffs,The universe is beautiful, with no UI when walking around you get to truely appreciate the backgrounds and the details the developers have put into it. And god! Some scenes are amazing. But again, it feels rushed. At the beginning, I'd explore like I'd explore a proper rpg: I'd talk to bookshelves and crates lookings for loot and idiotic lines from books. But nothing. I could not interact with anything outside of the quest items, and that felt.. odd to me. It wasn't natural. Especially considering later in the game there WERE bookshelves I could talk to, in the giant library, out of the dusin bookshelves I could talk to TWO. TWO!! Who the heck programmes only two bookshelves to be interactables and not the rest?The game is advertised as an old-school JRPG, and that casuals should look elsewhere. I disagree. Oh how I disagree. This game isn't hard, this game is laughable easy. Sure, sure, if I ran into a boss without healing up or preparing I'll swear and wish there was a flee button so I could prepare myself. Did I die? Sure, yes, of course. But because of my mistakes. Because I tried to avoid mobs and ended up in a combat versus 12 mobs when I had half HP and no ultimate ready. But the combat is easy, tedious at times (considering before Taika my skills would each hit 10%) But slow combat doesn't equal hard combat.Once I unlocked Taika as a party member, the rest of the game became a breeze, only difficulty came from me going for 100% achievements which forced me to run around the game with random characters with random bonds together. I don't know if Taika is simply broken, or if this is some bug. Taika has many AOE skills, if you meet 8+ mobs, Taika will hit them for the normal 10%. But unlike the other few (and rare) aoe skills the other character has, it seems Taikas damage stacks.Thats a bad way of describing it. Normally, an AOE will do X amount of dmg to X character. Taika's skill does XXXX dmg spread out. Meaning if I meet 8 mobs, she'll hit all of them for 10%. But as the mobs die, at the end her skill could one hit a monster. So yes, boss fights became very, very, easy.  (While the other characters aoe would do the same dmg no matter how many or few monsters we encountered)Part of the difficulty of this game is lack of information: There is no information on skills, buffs, debuffs, dmg, or levels. You don't know what level monsters are, and you don't know what that debuff does. Your own skills got descriptions but they are limited. Which meant every time I encountered a new debuff, or buff, it was a trial-and-error playstyle. They had some interesting buffs and debuffs. Like one that reflexs all magical damage onto who casts it. I killed myself once or twice trying to figure out what that new icon under their hp bar meant. But once you figured it out it was ""oh I cannot kill him now, I'll just click rest for three more rounds untill it disappear and then kill him"".To sum up:+ Beautiful universe+ Seemless graphics+ Talent Board, changeable talents+ Garden+ Beautiful graphics.+ No UI (outside of combat).+ Puzzles.+ 6 Characters, 4 party slots.+ Each character has two combat-modes, which you can change between.- Some combat-modes are useless.- No skip-button for scenes- No Flee-button- Cannot sell items to merchants- Advertised as a hard oldschool jrpg, which would have been fine if the game hadn't been so easy.- Unbalanced characters (Compare Taika's AOE with anyone elses AOE)- The game kept trying to babysit me, every time I met a boss, I got a long speech about how this boss might be too hard,  and we might not be able to defeat him and might need to change my tactic. Every time I beat the boss without issues. The large groups of monsters outside were a bigger challenge than the bosses.- A few combat freezes, if I killed too many monsters at once or something there would be a few seconds where nothing happened. Like the game was thinking.Now that's a lot of negative things, so why am I still recommending it? Because it's a beautiful game.I wish the developers would go back and spend another year on it, add another 20 levels and allow us to interact with useless things more. Who knows, maybe they'll add an DLC!I love the universe, I love the frogs, and I like the characters.(Though I wish there were more scenes where the characters interacted with eachother, giving me the time and oppertunity to fall inlove with them. As it is, the ending just made me roll my eyes)"
,Recommended,258030,31763719,Posted: 14 May,all,Toastasaurus Rex,"She's a fun JRPG in the style of Old School FInal Fantasy Games. No More, and No Less. You can find the same thing on offer all over steam, most of it in RPGMaker, but rarely with this kind of polish. And even if you do, you're aways looking for more of them if it's what you're really into. Combat system is fun and interesting, story is workable, never really grabbed me, but was never a problem. If you want a Turn-Based JRPG that's just Old-School and fun, You can do a hell of a lot worse then EarthLock."
,Recommended,258030,29329289,Posted: 17 January,all,DoogitNow,"This reminds me of one of the great late 90s RPGs. The text dialogue makes you feel more connected to the story. The battle system is a turn based that is just like FF10. Definitely worth the buy. Hopefully they develop some more games.Edit: After completing the game, I would still recommend it. It got a little buggy in certain spots of the game. I had several crashes in the railway area. It only took about 30 hours to complete and I think I could have completed it earlier than that. I like the amount of party customization available."
,Recommended,258030,30288115,Posted: 2 March,all,anubiandragon,"I'll admit it: I came for the piggy.  His name's Gnart, by the way, and apparently he's a hogBUNNY.  I don't really see the bunny part, but I guess they were using that to justify the white fur.I'm glad I stuck around, though.  This game is worth it.  It's a real nostalgia trip to early 3D roleplaying games, but done effectively with nostalgia goggles.  It looks the way I REMEMBER games from that era; other developers looking to capture that feeling would do well to take a page from this game, using sleek modern lines with classical intent.  SnowCastle figured out which buttons to push and they delivered, over and over throughout this game.The Good:The music's fairly good for an indie game; it starts to drone on after a while but it has a lietmotif that is memorable and the transitions are well done.  The scenery is breathtaking and believable from a geological perspective (desert surrounded by mountains, forest in the lowlands, swamp at a river delta).  As an audiovisual experience it hits its mark.The world-building... wow.  While it's a little back-loaded, the creators went out of their way to make the setting robust.  In particular, the game sets about establishing its own idioms and jargon.  A little vocab for your convenience: Lys is the sun, a Cycle is one orbit around Lys, and a Moonrun is equivalent to one day (not a month, as I originally thought).  The concept of Earthlock’s planet Umbra is a heart of fantasy gold: the planet has stopped rotating and one half of it is in perpetual day, while the other is in perpetual night.  They track the passage of time by the movement of the moon (which is implied to circle the planet once a day by our standards).  The game puts a lot of lore in the fire and not all of it comes to fruition… that’s good if it’s the start of a series and I’m hoping that’s the case.Each character has their own flavor… you’re not likely to care for all of them but you will probably like at least one of them.  The game has context-sensitive cutscenes which trigger based on who is leading the party.  As such, you can switch in somebody you like to be your map icon and they’ll get more screentime.  I didn’t care much for the protagonist (Amon) so I had Gnart running around the entire game (Yes, I like piggies).  I thought this was a very novel approach to player preferences and I’d like to see it used in more JRPGs.Combat is excellent: each character has two “stances” which boast a separate set of abilities, doubling the utility of each team member and allowing them to fill two roles.  The aesthetic is sleek and easy to follow; icons on health bars let you know how long an effect will remain and give you the gist of its purpose.  You also have the freedom to customize your character’s stat priorities, so you can create interesting synergy with unusual strategies.  I loaded Gnart with speed-boosting talents and put him into Focus stance: he became a lightning bolt of buffs and whenever somebody else got a turn they hit like a mountain.  There are ways to make any team of four viable which is nice to see; often games with more than three characters will just write some off as throwaways.I have two issues with the combat system I’ll discuss later, but for the most part it was perfect.Random encounters aren’t random (a great move in modern RPGs): you can see opponents on the map and each represents one enemy.  One of the most entertaining components of the game is kiting them around so that more than one enters battle at the same time (which gives a bonus multiplier to experience).Stuff that could use Work:Stances are the big allure of the combat system, which makes it a pity that switching them in combat is so punishing.  Not only do you lose a turn switching stances, but your haste takes a hit and it takes longer to get your next turn.  This is incredibly frustrating and prevents you from switching stances more than a few times the entire game.  To the developers: I’d make normal stance switching accelerated (like the Quick Switch talent) and upgrade Quick Switch to make stance swapping instantaneous.Stances are also particularly punishing for Olia and Gnart: Olia loses her counterattack immediately on switching stance (rather than holding out until her next turn, like it should) and all of Gnart’s buffs fall off the party immediately when he switches stance (something no other buffing character has to deal with).  To the developers: make Olia’s counterattack a one-turn duration refreshing effect and stop removing Gnart’s buffs when he switches to Mage—they’ve already got a timer on them, that’s enough of a power balance.Stuff I’d pass on next time:PAT.  I know it’s a trope of the genre being evoked, but the quirky robot speaking in blips annoyed me.  Personal preference I guess; the bot was viable as a combat option but in dialogue I rolled my eyes every time it talked.Overall the game was very satisfying and difficult to put down.  I’d buy a sequel in a heartbeat… if it had Gnart in it, that is."
76561198171238663,Recommended,258030,32290657,Posted: 9 June,all,junglelight,"Absolutely SWEET! I liked the game. It is pretty linear, but its graphics are sweet and a joy for the eye. Controls are a bit strange and uncomfortable, but you easily get used to that. Then, it doesn´t matter much. The story is nice. I guess it is a really great game for KIDS! ;)"
,Recommended,258030,27962647,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,eXigiouS,"Take the game for what it is, this isn't a tripple A game from an experienced developer, and expect that it will have flaws, this way you will most likely enjoy the game a lot more. I have faith that the developers are working around the clock to fix the most important issues with the game, and as I understand some of the reviews about the game crashing are outdated.As a first project and for the price this game goes at (Especially now on sale), I would recommend this game for everyone interested in the JRPG genre. They will be releasing an episoe 2 and I have no doubt that these games will get better!I am excited about the future of Earthlock"
76561198016104220,Recommended,258030,25838245,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Spinner,"I have not played it for more than an hour so yet, but the first impression is really good!I love this JRPG, it's turn-based combat, the stances, and the talent tree.I really enjoy the lush graphics and warm mood in the game so far, I will write more as I progress further...Now if I could only find that second crank to open this bloody gate!! ;)EDIT:I have now played the game a bit more, and I now have a full party of 4 characters, all at level 7.Enjoying myself a lot! Lot's of nice details everywhere, smooth progress so far. Had it a bit rough for a while around level 3, but once I figured out just hwo good that XP multiplier can be when you fight many monsters at once, I quickly bounced up to level 5 / 6.Would I recommend it? Oh yes!"
,Recommended,258030,31777193,Posted: 15 May,all,(RR)Chuck Morris,"Nothing super innovative, but it was a very positive experience."
,Recommended,258030,25896992,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Suiton,"A short but fun jRPG.  Took 22 hours to 100%Firstly, the artstyle and graphics are truly beautiful; at first glance you wouldn't have thought this was a kickstarter project!The OST, though it can get a bit repitive at times, is also very good. It reminds me a lot of the music from Dark Cloud.The story was, for me, definitely the weakest part of the game.  It starts off pretty slow, and before you know it, you're 3/4ths done with the game before really seeing anything happen. There are some noticeable typos as well, and the writing doesn't really feel like it fits the plot.There were a few bugs I noticed; sometimes a character's action doesn't register so it prompts you for another action, causing two abilities to go off simutaneously.  This was different from the Double Attack perk talent.There's also some issues with the crystal geometry, mainly seen near the end of the game.  You're able to softlock by climbing up a crystal and being unable to get down.It's quite a fun game, but I'm not -too- sure it's worth the $30 price tag."
,Recommended,258030,25829576,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Mr Matt Dude,"""Earthlock is an adventure RPG inspired by the classic 3D RPGs of the late 90's, with a fresh take on turn based combat and character progression.""This is 100% true.If you've played and loved old school rpgs (ps1/ps2), there is no reason you will not love this one.Edit: Loved the game, 30h is about right. Thank you for making :). Everyone, I hope you have as much fun as I had!"
76561198334510044,Recommended,258030,25815175,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,herdis.maribu,"It takes a few hours to get into but once there Earthlock is awesome! Buckets of charm, fun and challenging combat (!). This is just as much strategy as it is building character. Story is fun and seem to unravel an interesting world. I haven't finished the game so I don't know how it goes, but promising. If you like turn-based combat and classic RPGs then give Earthlock a shot. You won't regret it!"
76561198030127591,Not Recommended,258030,31796162,Posted: 16 May,all,Reighnvhasta,"Not worth it at $30 for what it offers. It looks beautiful, I'll give it that, but the gameplay is more tedious than fun. I know it has JRPG-like combat, but even with that, battles feel so incredibly slow. Attack animations take a long time and some attacks look clunky. The big issue I have is attacking flying vs. ground enemies.Some enemies can decide to fly up in the air, and these can only be hit by ranged attacks (usually in ranged stance). To get to ranged stance, you have to take a full turn to switch stances (letting the enemies have a round of attacks on you) before you can start shooting. The problem here is that your party is usually more efficient in melee stance.The dungeon puzzles/gimmicks are annoying and obvious, not innovative. The bosses feel too strong. I died to the first boss and felt that I needed to grind before fighting it again. For every boss, the whole fight is usually just 2 of your party members attacking while the other two are trying to keep your party alive with items and heals (which barely heal for anything).Currently, this game feels like an early access game with the lack of optimization, clunky animations, and random bugs.Edit: Beat the final boss.- The flying/ground thing eventually ceased to be a big issue.- Ghosts eventually got so annoying to fight that I just turned off the item that allows you to see them. Their attack animations take way too long.- Farming (literally) to make potions and ammo was probably my favorite mechanic in this game.- The last fight basically forces you to use a certain party composition to even stand a chance.- Overall, still can't recommend it for full price unless you really enjoy classic JRPGs."
76561198031294374,Recommended,258030,31823409,Posted: 18 May,all,[ENTE]aufmKopf,"Dear Community,the game had some issues in the past (atleast for some specific players) but turned out to be supported great.Even by now they try to solve bugs on older version savegames.It`s a great game with a cool and funny story.RPG-Rating (scaled 6-10) i would give it 8,5!!Right now its on sale and totaly worth buying it.Peace outt"
,Recommended,258030,29659779,Posted: 2 February,all,HaniAmy,"This game reminds me of 90's RPGs. Thanks!Love the battle system, although it's kinda repetitive everywhere, and the story is too short for me."
76561198333413326,Recommended,258030,25779243,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,henriktyskerud,"As a long time fan of JRPG's I backed this when it was on kickstarter, and have waited in exitment since. Finally got it on my computer and so far I really like it! only just started playing som i will update the review as i get along.Really like the combat system that gives a variety of tactics to beat the more difficult enemies. The music is nice in the background without getting boring or annoying.I like the fact that they have opted for text boxes and dropped voice actors as listening through a lot of dialog can get me impacient.Well worth the money! I would recommend enyone getting this game and I am very happy I backed Snowcastle on their kickstarter campaign!"
,Recommended,258030,25731322,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,StarBuck,"Waited for this game for years and finally it`s here! I am just a couple of hours into the game, but I can already say that I abolutely love it. Nice and colorful, epic music, cool battle system, what more can you ask for?:) It`s been a long time since I had a this good feeling from the start. Games these days are way to advanced just to turn it on and play. Sure the battle system is tactical, but I didn`t need to read up for hours to get it. Looking forward to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Earthlock this week:)"
76561198053421950,Recommended,258030,33572145,Posted: 15 July,all,Humusius,"Earthlock: Festival of Magic is a good indie turn-based rpg that takes around 20 hours to finish entirely. While the combat system itself is a classical turn-based mechanic, the way you level and customize the characters is quite unique and refreshing. You can also decide whether you want to fight enemies in small or big groups, as you can aggro your opponents on the map. You gain bonus XP when you fight bigger groups, so this is also a nice and unique gameplay mechanic.While some enemies do offer a bit of challenge as you need to figure out which abilities and talents can counter them, the game is not particularly difficult (unless you want to fight some optional bosses early on, which you can do). This is a rather chill rpg where none of the achievements are missable and the chests are (relatively) easy to find. This is not the ""grindy kind where you click on all the npcs in every town because you may miss one of eight pieces that unlock a special summoning"" type of rpg.The game is visually pleasant, with a cartoonish feel. The music is also nice and quite atmospheric. Overall, the game is artistically well done. The story might have been presented in a more scenarised way, as the game lacks some really memorable moments. In particular, the way some characters/bosses are introduced could have been more scenarised. Some people have commented that the game feels boring and this may be due to the way the story is told (because I actually think the story itself is nice).In conclusion, I recommend the game for its original gameplay mechanics, while pointing out that this is a more casual rpg that is enjoyable as long as you are looking for a nice and chill experience."
76561198065597734,Recommended,258030,28198657,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,acertainsmith,"Engaging, engrossing, not incredibly simple, but straightforward."
,Recommended,258030,31813258,Posted: 17 May,all,mrdefender,"Not a terrible little game. I had lots of fun playing it. I'd recommend getting it when it's on sale (mind you, I'd recommend getting whatever game interests you when its on sale)What I didn't like about the game was the battles. There was no way to speed up the combat or ""auto combat"" or whatever. It took forever to go thru some of them...And there's no real replayability. There's no ""New Game+"" or anything to do after the story.Happy to have bought it, Happier to have gotten it on sale... Not sure I would've paid full price for this."
76561198109081738,Recommended,258030,34726836,Posted: 3 September,all,CacheZX,"EARTHLOCK: Festival of Magic es un juego que busca revivir aquello que los RPG's de antes supieron hacer de la mejor forma.Particularmente creo que es bastante entretenido en todo aspecto, contiene una historia interesante (si bien hay detalles menores), el sistema de combate es ágil e innovador, craftear tus ítems y municiones, el diseño de niveles me gustó bastante. Algo que cambiaría sería la banda sonora en algunas partes para darle más dinamismo y pueda envolvernos más en las luchas y mapas, pero igual no deja de ser buena.Hay pequeños bugs que no impiden en absoluto el juego pero que si se llegan a corregir sería ideal.Lo disfruté bastante, encontré partes desafiantes como otras no tanto, pero creo que hay mucho potencial para que algún día salga una segunda parte ya que hay posibilidades de seguir la historia.Si te gustan los RPG's clásicos de antes este juego seguramente te va a gustar!"
76561198069991539,Recommended,258030,31799516,Posted: 16 May,all,Jack Burton,"Its been awhile since I played a newer jrpg style game on steam with turn based combat, i miss these titles.This game so far if on sale is must have, great art style, turn-based combat, lots of things to do, and so far the story is great. I will update this the further I get into the game and will amend my review if my opinion changes.for $10 Must own! for $30 we will have to see"
76561198127474486,Recommended,258030,31851389,Posted: 19 May,all,LightFootLee,22 hours in i can say i like the game and would recommend it to anyone that was looking for something that was different but not dramaticly so
76561198334661083,Recommended,258030,25870446,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,sindrekristiansen,"In these days filled with fads and the ""must have the newest""-attitude, this game embraces what real gaming is all about: Storytelling. For those of us old enough to remember how it was to huddle in front of the warm glow of a gigantic CRT-screen blasting turned based rpg, completely immersed in the story...this game is definitely for you. However, it would be unfair (and untrue) to say this i just for the old gamers (old as in over 30...). Earthlock offers well written dialogue, interesting characters and a beautifully designed world which i engaging for people of all ages.The gameplay itself is easy to learn, but still gives you some new interesting takes on the well established (and much loved) turn based rpg. You will have hours to play around with abilities for your characters when it comes to combat. Which also has a cool new touch of letting you change stances which in return opens up for a more complex and diverse combat experience.I still have hours left to play and I absolutely will. I am hooked and I am sure you will be too if you give it a shot. Incredible game made by a dedicated hard working team. Download it and see for yourself. :)"
76561198145274586,Recommended,258030,28306145,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,frostings,"A little over an hour into the game. Loving it so far. Lovely music, gorgeous art and puzzles to solve. Turn based combat and the ability to out-run critters if you don't feel like getting into combat makes this pretty relaxing to play so far.The added bonus are the languages the game is available in, great way to beef up reading skills  in a third language if that is of interest XD I recommend the game so far, shall update when I get a bit more time on it."
76561198073400785,Recommended,258030,30851481,Posted: 31 March,all,jmt1113,"For a digital version of a game I hesitate to spend $29.99 in case I don't like it but there was just something about this game that drew me.  I'm so glad I spent the money!  The story is great, with just a touch of humor (Uncle Benjo's moves when he wins a fight), but not so much as to have a high cheese factor.  The story is also intriguing.  I'd say the graphics are a VHS quality, so not high end but definitely not pixelated.  It's just the style.  The colors and various areas you go into are VERY attractive.  Gameplay is straightforward, which I Like, and the tutorial is very helpful without being tedious.  If anyone knows how we can search for other games by the same publishers, can you let me know? There is this and a few others that I'd like to ""follow"" (on Amazon you can ""follow"" authors and Amazon will notify me of new releases).  The Steam recommended for me feature is usually pretty INACCURATE."
,Recommended,258030,35178771,Posted: 24 September,all,Send Nude,great classic turn based rpg!
,Recommended,258030,33780574,Posted: 24 July,all,***,"The good :- Old style RPG, actually more complex than old style RPG- Tech grid need to be gathered from unique drop and treasure chest- Cute world design- Good character and system, each character have 2 stance/ build we basically can choose 2 style for each character to focusThe bad :- Shortlived, game is short, world map very small- Experience bonus from multiple enemies too high, should be capped at max 200% for balance- Lv cap, the tech grid already limited based on unique drop/ chest, Lv shouldn't be capped as long as experience bonus standardGame have potential it only lack contents and balance."
,Recommended,258030,34067497,Posted: 6 August,all,Nielips,"A 20~ hour story based JRPG, that is entertaining and provides challenge enough to keep it fresh. If anyone is looking for a short game to play I would recommend it, especially as it can be gotten fairly cheaply, the game was 65% off/£5~ when I bought it.ArtThe art design of the game is lovely and suits the style very well.MusicThe music used in the game is well suited to the differeing environments encountered in the game, so fits in with the style well.CombatCombat is turn based with each character using a set action points, that are regenerated each turn with differing upper and starting limits, that are used to for different actions.StoryThe story line is fairly generic to RPG's, but is enjoyable none the less.Exploration/side questsThere is a limited amount of exploration/side quests in the game as it is a short game, but I don't think that is a bad thing. The limiting of exploration/quests keeps you moving through the game at a good pace, without having to really grind to acheive good progress.Character typesThe character types again are steriotypical:Mage/healerTank/WarriorThief/RangedTrapper/RangedBlue mage/SupportTank/Support damager"
76561198020086624,Recommended,258030,34708117,Posted: 3 September,all,Kasrik,Short simple game while still fun.
76561198046068375,Recommended,258030,33942785,Posted: 31 July,all,Arancium,"I really wish the ratings system was not binary, because while I do recommend this game, I have my problems with it.First of all, its a JRPG through and through. I will say that it does a lot of things RIGHT. The combat and experience felt good and unique. I never found the normal battles to be a slog, and while the bosses weren't incredibly difficult, they all had their own mechanics that would usually take me a bit to understand. The gameplay itself is very good, and I think that's the only reason I recommned this game, because literally everything else is very hard to recommend.A huge part of being a JRPG is having a believable world with fleshed out characters and understandable motives for why certain things are being done. In this game I found next to none. While the game went through the motions of ""character development"", nearly everything is done for the sole purpose of ""that's where the game wants us to go next"". I found nearly every bit of dialog to be incredibly shallow, and the story really takes a nose dive near the end where it seems like development was rushed.In short, the game itself is just a classic JRPG with a unique and fun twist to combat and character progression and customization, but falls extremely short of being a satisfying game due to extreme flaws in the story telling and world building. If I could rate it numerically, I would say it is a 6/10. The game is not bad, and it kept me entertained, but by the end I was playing just to finish it to say I got value out of the game, not because I particularly cared what happened to any of the characters."
,Recommended,258030,31845081,Posted: 19 May,all,Cloudorama18,"A very basic RPG that is entertaining, yet lacks depth and a compelling story. Recommend that you have a controller!"
76561198060658496,Recommended,258030,31854577,Posted: 19 May,all,twitch.tv/Braxillian,"As a quick summary so far I'd say the game is ok if you can overlook a pretty bad and lackluster storyline. The combat is pretty good, but isn't anything spectacular.PROS:+Decent combat system, although can be a bit confusing when attempting to stance change outside of combat.+The pairing system is pretty nice, although I haven't delved into much yet.+Music was alright, not super terrible.+No bugs or crashing so far.CONS:-Pretty terrible storyline. It seems pretty badly written and it tries to force the characters to have a relationship they couldn't possibly have formed yet with witty (term used loosely) banter.-Camera is horrible and can be really annoying to adjust.-The talent system was also a bit confusing at first. It took me a while to realize you had to have talent points AND the necessary cards for certain slots. At least at the early stage in the game it seems to break any kind of power leveling you'd like to do as you can't spend your accumulated talent points without cards.Overall it isn't terrible if you are looking for something to pass the time. I waited until it was on sale for 67% off and at that price point I can say it might be worth it, but probably not at $29.99."
76561198135888049,Recommended,258030,33695762,Posted: 21 July,all,Bohsky,"I randomly picked this game up on sale and I am so glad I did, it's amazing! The graphics are unbelievable & the gameplay is pretty simple but totally addictive. Great game!"
,Recommended,258030,29906141,Posted: 13 February,all,M3trostrike,"The art work in this game is amazing, it is one of the best games I have played in a while."
,Recommended,258030,33804336,Posted: 26 July,all,alpha_nerodadada,"Those who adore classic JRPG should definitely try this game.Pros-Beautiful art-Interesting combat system-Interesting character growth system-Interesting boss battle and dungeon-Crafting is fun-Characters isn't the best or most interesting but is good enough-Quite a bit of lore in the game-A bit heavy on farming, but it's worth it and not too troublesome or irritatingCons-Story is a bit too short, but it's not too bad-Hope there's more post game content-Maybe 1 or 2 more super boss-A super dungeon would be nice"
,Recommended,258030,34068455,Posted: 6 August,all,toothless.,"A very smooth graphics making my heart flies.I mean, yes, nowadays RPG games have very smooth graphicbut this game's atmosphere and tone of itsmaking the game far more living even though it has no character voices included.This unique atmosphere sooths my stress from works very well.Conversely, the game might look so soft but its boss battles are quite hard for me.If you want to play a rpg game with a simple story and smooth arts to relax your mindthen this Earthlock might be the answer for you"
,Recommended,258030,28813961,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Moldy West,"I enjoy this kind of game I've been having fun with it only problem I have had is a little bug when I was in a dungeon I fell through the floor and got trapped in the stairs, that's something that might need to be fixed."
,Recommended,258030,30459790,Posted: 11 March,all,Legitkrillin,"I really enjoyed EARTHLOCK: Festival of Magic, it looks great and plays really well, and the support for the Steam controller is fantastic! I would highly recommend,"
76561197972114159,Recommended,258030,28384190,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Mr_hanky,"Surprisingly good game, for any fan of the old school jrpg!"
76561198046469574,Not Recommended,258030,31833132,Posted: 18 May,all,Actual Celery,"Its about as generic as RPG's get, tbh. I couldn't really find anything special about it, but to be fair, I didn't get very far. The world is boring, the names are stupid, and for some reason, there are save spots. It's 2017, why are they still a thing. If you don't want autosave, thats fine, but at least let me save from the menu.One big problem I had is when I got the second boss, and got the spear chick as a party member, she mentions she has a ""powerful counter ability"" (in laughably forced dialouge), which she taunts and enemy and she can counter attack. The battle she mentions this in has one enemy. Who is immune to taunt. WHY. After the battle, I wanted to check her stats, but instead of hitting ESC, I hit the console button. It crashed my computer. I had to do a hard reset. I was not happy.The menus are annoying to use. In combat, you can't select a move by clicking it, you have to use the 1-5 number keys. There is no reason for this. I fail to see why someone thought that was better than using a mouse. In the main menu, if you click on a category, there isn't a back button you can hit, and ESC completely closes the menu. You have to go back by pressing CTRL. Once again, WHY.Also, the camera tries to be cinematic, buts its annoying as ♥♥♥♥, and you can only control it in the overworld for some reason."
,Recommended,258030,31795537,Posted: 16 May,all,AffrightS-,"As a JRPG fan, honestly i recommend this game: Easy to learn gameplay. Crafting & Bond/Talent System Great .The artwork and animation is pretty good. Boss battles, challenging and require some though."
76561198134025444,Recommended,258030,33881254,Posted: 29 July,all,wayang20,"god graphic,childhood memories..:)"
,Recommended,258030,31800617,Posted: 17 May,all,whoscon,from the few minutes i have played here is my short review if you like RPG turn base games that are simple then you will love this one.
76561198385610599,Recommended,258030,33863766,Posted: 28 July,all,Top-chidodo,I like your game and I am happy when I play it.- Good Graphics and Beautiful Art- Good Storyline- Challenging- Good Battle System
76561198009922047,Recommended,258030,33245056,Posted: 4 July,all,Snakebird [LOMS],"I always enjoy seeing a well made traditional turn-based JRPG style game that has come out of somewhere other than Japan. There are often subtle differences that make it feel a bit more diverse while still being the kind of game I grew up loving. This game didn't disappoint. The characters in particular were nicely designed, the art style was unusual, I liked the battle system and the game engine in general, the world well thought out. The music was good quality, the game had a good balance between taking itself seriously and having fun, there were none of my personal pet hates (unreasonably hidden true ending, forced replays, no Game Over tune...) and overall it was well worth buying.There were a few flaws. The biggest ones to me were how literally dark the graphics tended to get, I had turn the game's brightness way up to see what i was doing; and also the endgame was very irritating, with the savepoint too far away from the final boss (savepoints in general annoy me, there was no reason not to save anywhere) and several non-evadable pointless battles before the boss. In general, the system of having the monsters on the map was a good idea but the execution was annoying, it was too easy to accidentally aggro things you can't fight and can't shake off. The music, while good quality, was a little unenthusiastic and didn't fit the mood. The game felt short in a way that came across as unfinished rather than compact. Sequel please? The English was weird in some places, not sure if typos or bad translation. The comic was near unreadable as well, not sure if it was my display or the resolution settings or what. Also, I got stuck on the map once or twice and in general the camera angle sucked.Overall? Yeah, buy it."
,Recommended,258030,30194001,Posted: 26 February,all,Moonface,I haven't experienced any problems so far and I'm thoroughly enjoying the game. Reminds me a lot of old Final Fantasy and Chrono Trigger with enough to differenciating factors in skills and so on.A great turn based RPG game without a doubt.
,Recommended,258030,33665721,Posted: 19 July,all,Tiny&Purple,"This is a great example for a medicare game. I wish steam had more options the yes or no :(.for the specific:this is a nice adventure game. very cute graphics.however, while the fights are turn based and there is some crafting to do (and harvesting) the game play itself is very ""boring"".why ""boring""? well, you follow the story mostly. fight monsters in a turnbased fights.that is it really.the story (so far) is not bad, but not great either. for example, one char left my party, because reasons...that is how it felt anyway :(/if i had to score this, i would give it 5.5/10.so, i recommend, but barely."
76561197972023173,Recommended,258030,29950071,Posted: 15 February,all,ReachinAssistant,"I'm only 1 day into the game but so far impressed.  I read that it bears similarity to final fantasy 7 and 10 - Battle/Overworld system very much like final fantasy games, character's heads are a little big but you get used to the art, has sidequests and a feeling of freedom of movement early on, and it's readily apparent I'll need to return to some of these places later.  I read complaints that there is some grinding but feel that early battles just actually take some strategy - pair up your party for the situation you're facing and it'll go a lot smoother.  Seems like a pretty well thought out game.  Initial impression, good.  Maybe I'll have to grind a lot later, we'll see!"
,Recommended,258030,33621486,Posted: 17 July,all,Zookas,"It seems like an alright game. I'm only 30 minutes in and I can tell the story is cut and paste from every other game of this style. The combat is simple and feels a lot like Final Fantasy's turn-based combat system. The graphics are nice and the game runs smoothly, and the animation has some care in it. Probably not bad, just not my type of game. I'd recommend it to people that like games like Final Fantasy."
,Recommended,258030,31919145,Posted: 23 May,all,Sidan,"It's fun game, but the camera is wonky at times..."
,Recommended,258030,33594647,Posted: 16 July,all,bridgefletch,"Recently picked this up as I've heard a lot of good things.So far it's very reminiscent of the old school RPG genre.Not played enough to get a really good impression, but from what I've played I'm so far very please.Pros:- Turnbased combat- Unique characters- Beautiful areasCons:- Story (so far is not very interesting)Will update when I've played more."
,Recommended,258030,28354164,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,benitosama,So far so good. Always nice to see a good indie JRPG.
76561198049561816,Recommended,258030,33847069,Posted: 27 July,all,Leprechaunbr,Funny game
76561198159961664,Recommended,258030,34381252,Posted: 20 August,all,theslug_1,I like the game.
76561198296308915,Recommended,258030,33754884,Posted: 23 July,all,RainbowWaffleRWT,- Good Graphics- Good Storyline- Challenging- Good Battle System- 500% Awesome:)
76561198076196468,Not Recommended,258030,34211631,Posted: 13 August,all,economeister,"I've never reviewed a game before but this one compelled me too. I bought it for the beautiful graphics, but this was massively overshadowed by the dull, uninspiring and empty combat and dialogue. Do not recommend."
76561198131657529,Recommended,258030,32908247,Posted: 27 June,all,"Bis, The one without a clue",Chinese Paladin lolBrings back memories.NOT WORTH THE FULL PRICE.Buy it on sale (edit).
76561198043667949,Not Recommended,258030,33946233,Posted: 1 August,all,Icy Whyvern,Only buy this game if you want a laugh.  I should have got a refund instead of leaving it sit for too long after I played the other games I bought. Also maybe really should have looked into it rather than blindly buying it. But thought help an indie dev.  It's game play isn't terrible just needs polish and a bit of tweaking.  To be honest I wasn't expecting too much maybe had hoped for something with an old school feel.But the story and the writing are so bad really bad I couldn't help but laugh.
76561198109609016,Not Recommended,258030,33693948,Posted: 21 July,all,Moonies,"A wasted opportunity really, i know it's an indie game and probably not many people worked on it / budget wasn't great, but visually the game is quite stunning and interesting and then the story is just so so weak, combat is limited as hell, almost no abilities, weak progression system, no equipment, game is super small, meh, it all just feels like a wasted opportunity on what could've been a pretty decent, solid JRPG."
76561198173459466,Not Recommended,258030,35380043,Posted: 1 October,all,Phii,"While this game is very cute and reminds me of Pokemon, unfortunately I can't say I recommend it. The story is slow to non-existent and the gameplay gets repetitive very quickly. The controls are easy but ""chunky"", playing mostly only with WASD and numbers.If you like turn based games old JRPGs, then you might like it. If you're like me though, and you go in expecting a story-rich classic RPG, you will be disappointed."
,Recommended,258030,30693291,Posted: 23 March,all,aresundnes,If you're a fan of JRPG's you should try this!
76561197993421641,Not Recommended,258030,32046755,Posted: 29 May,all,FIGIOT,+ Turn based+ Looks oldskool- Uninteresting characters- Flying Enemies /stance switching- Slow combat5/10 The ingredients are there. But the whole is boring and slow.Status: Dropped.
76561198241491646,Not Recommended,258030,33644192,Posted: 18 July,all,Nick Crompton,"This game got boring very quickly, also i hate the grind"
76561198082219377,Not Recommended,258030,29761343,Posted: 7 February,all,StarDust,"I was really hoping to love this and i am so sad to be giving it a negative review. I just found that the negetives for me are unbareable and make the game a lot less fun! The biggest problems i had with it was how long it would take to get to where you are going and the fights would just drag on! At first it was fine and i was able to look past it, but then the enemies jumped from pretty easy to Having to fight them multiple times to win. There was no progression with the enemies. They went from really easy to really hard and it made the grinding a lot worse. Besides that you have to grind a lot and steal from enemies to eventually find what you need and these things together just don't make it fun for me. It ruins it!!! And i can't recommend this game under these circumstances."
,Recommended,258030,28731852,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,!FlamerMain,Im loving this game ....and i WANT MORE !GIVE ME MOREEEEI WANNA SEE ANOTHER GAME OUT BY SPRINGPLEEEEAAASSSEEEEEE
76561197996225415,Not Recommended,258030,33955492,Posted: 1 August,all,☜✪☞ ariOn,"If you're new to RPG's then definitely buy this game - very simple to learn and get into the genre.Do not buy this game if you are a seasoned RPG player (FInal Fantasy for example).Cons:-Way too short-Story line is very shallow and you dont get to enjoy it and you never go any deeper. (I dont care about any of the characters or their history)-You cant sell items (At all)-No ""weapons"" for characters - so dont be surprised if you arent picking up any new new weapons for your characters-Level Cap (20) - I mean what RPG can you grind to max level, get all unlockables and clock the game in under 50 hours.-Skill system is too simple.In a nutshell, it feels like a game for 3+ but <13 years old"
,Not Recommended,258030,33744520,Posted: 23 July,all,Loopy the Werewolf,"First boss fight is insanely lethal.. VERY bad design.  I'm not even sold on the game yet..Every attack he makes kills one of your guys, so you lose a turn ressurecting (for as long as you can) and get 1 attack per turn.  Absolutely NO CLUES what attacks to use, and no time to use themThe first boss fight you encounter should be a learning experience, not totally lethal.  Bar is set far too high, considering how easy everything has been.  Can't stand games with sudden difficulty spikes out of nowhereThe rest of the game: Gameplay is very JRPG with some interesting ideas, but it's a very slow gameplay style.  I rather prefer action RPGs.Good Points: Visually it is beautiful, the characters are engaging.  They have added an alert system to world mobs, indicating if they are unaware, seaching or actively hunting.  If you react quickly, you get first strikeWas it worth the $7 I paid? Yes.Uninstall: The massive difficulty spike is a bad sign of how high they have set the bar.. not going to be fun"
76561198038186509,Not Recommended,258030,28131855,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Fengtorin,"I get into RPGs for the story. Gameplay is a lovely addition of course, but this game seems to have focused entirely on that. The dialogue is so atrocious that I just can't wait for a save point to show up so I can stop playing it. Either they should have hired a proper writer or stripped the story out of this game and made it into a turn based adventure, either way it would be significantly better."
76561198171878242,Recommended,258030,26677815,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Captain Africa,Love this game! Don't get why it doesnt have higher ratings.
,Recommended,258030,33025154,Posted: 29 June,all,少し ＳＨＩＫＥＩ,"8/10Overall go, 2 much 2 click."
76561197985017841,Not Recommended,258030,25843867,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Manformers More Btween My Thighs,"The game looked like quite a bit of fun. Throwback to my favorite era of final fantasy and such. I was even excited for the (somewhat unbelievable/corny) writing that really gave that feel of a low-budget translation.Unfortunately the game feels like every other early release kickstarter title. In 30 minutes of playtime, I twice encountered bugs that caused me to have to replay ~5 minutes of the game, and once encountered a bug that prevented me from moving or performing any actions except swapping my visible character.I was excited to give it a try, but for $30, 3 game-breaking/ctd bugs in 30 minutes is a bit much."
,Recommended,258030,28193823,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Abo Yousef,"best indi game on 2016 , best RPG game in 2016 and best price"
76561198038552111,Recommended,258030,31954775,Posted: 25 May,all,Phruler,Good game
76561198014866241,Not Recommended,258030,25928737,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Xavph,"contrived and boring, characters are flat and there isn't much to care about. There is no compelling me to continue. This is a pass."
76561198061506978,Recommended,258030,28117801,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,CloudNight,Simply one of the best games I've ever played!
,Not Recommended,258030,30534622,Posted: 15 March,all,NyappiCat,"Oh gosh... couldn't get through more than 10 minutes of this game, the trailers make it out to be much more amazing than it truly is. The characters control terribly; there's a painfully obvious delay between hitting the button and the character actually performing whatever task (which really cannot be an issue with my computer since I've got twice the recommended RAM and I'm way beyond the minimum requirements, so what is the issue?). The music and the cut scenes are magnificent and then you reach the actual gameplay and you wonder what happened. Everything's just very janky and it's hard to connect with the characters when they barely even move during a conversation and there is no voice acting. It's honestly like watching two Sims just standing in front of each other silently with boring speech bubbles above their heads. I cannot believe that this game is £22.99, it's outrageously expensive for something this bad. Please do tell if you think this is a damn masterpiece that I need to give another go but I'm honestly in shock..."
76561198007225917,Recommended,258030,32893268,Posted: 27 June,all,Lucifer 666,One of the funiest game i played awesome game
,Recommended,258030,28654659,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,+ Final Poop Veigar,I have a question :0 ...Maybe Im too stupid but... HOW DO I SAVE >:0... !?!
76561197961425153,Recommended,258030,25724015,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,MrJetaime,something nice and casual to pass time.  love the game
76561198007674930,Not Recommended,258030,26019935,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Fel,"It's not a deep review.I am fairly disappointed by this game because even the tutorial area and your first ""fights"" are bland and uninteresting.All doors locked, NPCs that don't say anything meaningfull, not a single drawer to open or anything somewhat hidden, basic combat as a flavourless turn-based thing that doesn't even try to hook you in, not a single line voice acted, not even the intro video...Granted, it could be an amazing game after that, but you are switching out to a different character with no explanation, and not showing me anything remotely interesting (hell, not even a level up from the two tutorial fights).I know that it says ""inspired by the classic 3D RPGs of the late 90's"" on the description, but it completely fails to show any of the ""fresh take on turn based combat"" when it presents it to you for the first time.The soundtrack is not bad, at least.If it had been a 5-10€ game, I could understand getting a rough game, but first impression is really important in games, you want to hook the player with ""look at what we promise you during the game"", presenting the world (we got a bit of lore at least), the main character(s) (not even sure who is the ""main"" at this point), and giving a glimpse of the cool things that the player can get later on (be it flashy skills, complex combos, or at least OP stats).Not all games need all of those of course, but if you remove the games that purposedly set you up as ""you are not a legendary hero, just a common person that will have to work hard to even just keep up"", those that miss those are usually not purposedly choosing it for an actual effect (dramatic or otherwise) and more of an indication that game designers are still working on their basics (or lack of interest/funds for the project).It does need to be noted that I am biased against the turn based battles (FF style), because it was playing with the hardware limitations at the time.Nowadays, if I see a game use it, I go in thinking ""it's lazy"".Granted, there are a lot of good games that use this, but if they don't seriously rework the combat, then those games shine for other reasons (graphics style, animations, characters, world, story, take your pick).TL;DR: The start of this game is really sub par and doesn't give me any hope for an actual good game worth nearly 30€."
76561198046659821,Not Recommended,258030,28186312,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,gorathff,Combat mechanic is ok. Graphic/art is pretty cute.butAbsolutely bland writing. Most dialogs consists of only few minimum lines and fails to draw a necessary picture.It would probably be ok 5 or 6 years ago but in 2016 this level of story presentation for the game of this genre is unaceptabble.
76561198128729477,Not Recommended,258030,33260880,Posted: 4 July,all,FItziArogoma,I really think the interface/UI is ugly. The font used was a very poor decision on the font when making this game. Sorry. Pricetag on this is way too high for the quaility. Never charge the price of a game superior to you. This game reminds me of  a honest to truth bad version of Final Fantasy 9. Which is only 20 dollars compared to this 30.00 pricetag. I was ripped. RIP
,Not Recommended,258030,33374427,Posted: 8 July,all,┌( ಠ_ಠ)┘,Its basically a mobile game. Wait till it gets released in the Google Play store.
,Not Recommended,258030,31781735,Posted: 15 May,all,Spook Rooster,"1 - vibration is obnoxious and can't be turned off. dev's response is the classic ""we're looking into it"" which translates to ""f,.u,.c,.k, you, we won't fix it"". keyboard controls are mapped all over the place.2 - constant fading to pure white which legit hurts."
,Not Recommended,258030,30699286,Posted: 23 March,all,Kirre,Well this game seems to be in every aspect geared to the 8-10 yr old gamers to be honest. The graphics are good but the writing and actual gameplay are simple and basic. Ive not played it thru but from what ive seen the story is simple and not really going anywhere. Definately NOT worth 30$usd by any means. If you want pretty anime style looks and gameplay this game may be for you but still at a much lower price tag.
76561198007698302,Not Recommended,258030,31835794,Posted: 19 May,all,ionrobsam,"Games that do not allow you to save when you chose should not be produced in this day.  Also the need to control combat with the key board instead of the mouse is an anachronism, good grief this is the 21st century not the 20th."
,Not Recommended,258030,31837638,Posted: 19 May,all,LaplacE,"Dont buy this game if you never play turn based rpg before, i recommend to play any rpg with easy mechanic such as southpark"
,Not Recommended,258030,29364799,Posted: 19 January,all,r4thehorde2,battles are way too hard and take way too long i lost 3 times to the thrid boss and it was barly any time into the game(which is the amount of time i have played it so far)
76561198273516760,Not Recommended,258030,29910266,Posted: 13 February,all,skirk248,nothing special. If I could I'd refund it simply for being a third person ame with no caera controls
76561198331014481,Not Recommended,258030,26671824,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Aurora,i purchaced the game and dlc so how come i have to purchace it again
76561198100931457,Not Recommended,258030,32377822,Posted: 12 June,all,primaryshot1,game is not worth imo. Froze up and did not let me continue 3 hours in leaving me warpless on plumet island... trash game
76561197972282577,Not Recommended,258030,28855347,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Regular Kevin,Boring
