user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,258180,9539615,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Ponzo,"First i like to mention that Deus Ex is my favourite Game of all time, and Deus Ex:Human Revolution was my GOTY 2011, but Deus Ex: The Fall has very little in common to both of them.It is buggy, which i could get over because it can be patched, but let me explain one of the most amazing Bugs i found, once you get a certain Augmentation that allows you to walk faster, you get ingame Lag, yes, Lag, not FPS problems, but Lag, you walk 5 steps forward, 2 steps back, i have no idea how they managed to do that, but its certainly a first for me in a Singleplayer Game.The Game runs stable, i didnt experience any FPS drops, mostly between 90-100 FPS.The Voice acting is dreadful, imagine playing as an augmented version of Peter Stormare, who sounds like a Brit with autism.The Gameplay is a dumbed down version of Deus Ex:HR, you can access an  item shop at all times, where you can buy unlimited amounts of ammo/upgrades and items, the Game itself has no Inventory System, so for people who were excited for Inventory Tetris, im sorry, you can carry 20 times the Items you could in Deus Ex: HR at any time.You ran out of Stun-Gun Ammo but there are still Enemys left? No problem, ingame Store allows you to buy it for Ingame Credits at any time.I do not recommend it to people who enjoyed the Deus Ex and Deus Ex:HR, Eidos Montreal should have taken their time to create a worthy Sequel/Prequel instead of throwing out a Mobile Game that cant keep up with its predecessors."
,Not Recommended,258180,9539686,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Tro The Chain King,"I HAVE PLAYED THE ANDROID APP!Terrible game in a amazing series.You can't change key bindsthe graphics are teriblethe faces of people don't move when they speak to you right in fron of you.Deus Ex GOTYE is my favorite game of all time, but this? it's a real kick in the guts of my favorite series.3/10Oh. and it's a cliff hanger."
76561197971391942,Not Recommended,258180,9539277,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Kjell,Horrible mobile port. Just horrible. Stay clear!
76561198054023535,Not Recommended,258180,12691411,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Catpsyche,"IF you LOVED Deus Ex: Human Revolution, you will be very offended by this prequel to it!!!... I found out after buying it that it was intended to play ON-THE-GO for your tablet, then they brought it over to PC to rip you off money and time.  Seriously, not worth your time, unless it's a clearance price of .99 cents... I do not recommend this game, although I did play it all the way through.  The game is just --- OKAY!  And misses all of the great flavor of the game prior (Deus Ex: HR)."
,Not Recommended,258180,12415159,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,OpenAI (EE THROW MODE),"Very lousy port from the mobile version. DON'T BUY ITEdit: For the people who are interested what kind of bugs or silly ideas are in the game, here are a few examples:-You can not JUMP. Remember the original Deus Ex or Deus Ex: Human Revolution, which offered you a lot of pathways and a real open-world feeling? Well guess what, they decided to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and changed it to a silly ""Jump over object"" animation, and even that is limited to some objects.-You have access to a credit-shop at ANYTIME in the game, not matter what happens. Need some ammo? Sure, you can buy it straight away. Remember the times in Deus Ex when you needed to find medkits to heal your 25/250 HP Torso? Don't worry! Now you simply can buy ""Painkillers"" at anytime, which obviously makes the entire game way too easy.-AI in the game is incredibly inpredictable. Sometimes when you are 1 meter in front of their face they don't see you, yet when you're behind a solid object they manage to see you. And no, they don't have ""radars"".There are alot more of bugs or silly mistakes, but i'm too lazy to name them all.TL;DR: It's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port-over from the original IOS version. Save your 10 euros/dollars and buy the original Deus Ex or Deus Ex: Human Revolution. If you own both games, buy Dishonored, which is basically Deus Ex, but with swords and magic."
,Not Recommended,258180,16240985,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Tom,"Deus Ex: The Fall; let me first point out that I went into The Fall expecting it to be the absolutely worst game I have played, this was due to the media completely disregarding it straight away. I also want to point out that this is the first Deus Ex game I have played.So lets get into it;The gameplay in The Fall is your pretty standard first person shooter/stealthy type game. Sadly though they are not done brilliantly. The gun play is bad to say the least, you can shoot a guy in the head at point blank range with a shot gun five or six times and he still won't die, you can also be crouching right in front of an enemy and he won't notice you, like literally, you can be under his nose and he won't bat an eye lid.The graphics are OK, that's all. It is in no way a pretty looking game, it looks as if it is straight off the PlayStation 1 (no disrespect to the games on that platform, it just looks very dated). It tries to make it self look better than it is by using plenty of lens flare though.The voice acting is really bad, the main character, Ben Saxton, is British, and boy do they put that point across, it is the most generic British accent you will ever hear and at points made me cringe; games that have been out for ten years or so have better voice acting in than The Fall...Level design is a very narrow sighted open world type setting, you can roam around the city, exploring, having meaningless conversations with civilians, and finding items. You will also run into a couple of side quests, five or six to be exact. Granted that's nothing really to brag about when you compare it to other games which have side quests, but this is certainly not a completely linear game and leaves room for the player to choose what to do and when.With the gameplay elements not being exactly up to scratch, this can fluctuate the difficulty levels at time. I didn't feel as if it was a good enough stealth system for me to use the stealth approach, so I just went with the all guns-blazing tactic. I hardly ran into any difficult parts throughout my play-through. The most difficult aspect I encountered was the hacking system on doors and computers. You can either find out the password/pass-code by exploring the world for clues, or hack the system. The hacking system at times was infuriating and I had to resort to looking up codes on the wiki, or looking up the location of the clue.I finished Deus Ex: The Fall in just about four and a half hours, this was including doing the majority of the side quests and doing a fair amount of exploring for extra items and codes. If you want a Pound (£) to hour ratio, it's not bad on that front, the game does end on a cliff-hanger and I would of liked to have seen just a little bit more of what happens, looking at the chronology of Dues Ex, this is one of the first games in the story, and Human Revolution will reveal all I suppose.There is a mire of technical issues with this game too; firstly the controls, you are not able to rebind any of the keys - this to me is an absolute must in ANY PC game. If I have a whole keyboard in front of me, let me use it damn it! Also, when navigating through the menus, your mouse clicks are sometimes not registered until you click four or five times, this made purchasing extra painkillers (the game's version of a health pack) and ammo become something of a chore. This problem also makes it into the actual game play too, as you can be standing behind an enemy, hit your stealthy take down key, but have to press it a number of times before the game recognizes it.  These little things made me annoyed, and they could of been fixed very easily if it was QA'ed properly.The final verdict, do I recommend Deus Ex: The Fall? This is when I wish Steam would have a ""maybe"" option available; because I had to admit, I did have some fun while playing, I finished the game after all so it wasn't so bad I couldn't bring my self from seeing the ending. But it is a bad game, it doesn't do much right, the poor voice acting, the buggy interface and broken game play elements would of grown tiresome if the game's length was any longer than it already is. So as I have to give a straight yes or no answer, I will sadly have to go with a ""Do Not Recommend"" for Dues Ex: The Fall. Fans of the Deus Ex series will probably want to play it purely for the lore and story aspect, but nothing more.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/Please also check out Completing the Backlog's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!http://store.steampowered.com/app/258180/"
,Not Recommended,258180,32197096,Posted: 5 June,all,TOPoCAT,"It runs with max setting on my 200€ worth laptop xDBut i cannot reccomend a mobile porting game, if you love deus ex, just buy the book instead (Deus Ex: Icarus Effect)"
,Recommended,258180,14568746,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Gondile,"Alright, bear with me now, because I'm about to ♥♥♥♥ing recommend Deus Ex: The Fall. Buckle up.Now, first things first. This game is $9.99. Do not pay $9.99. If it's 75% or more off, I totally recommend purchasing, and I'm going to really struggle to articulate exactly how I feel about this game, but here we go.This is a port of a mobile game. It was not developed for PC in mind. That is a shame, and I really do wish they would've considered that route instead, but this is the route Eidos took, so we just have to keep that in mind. It's graphics are shoddy, physics are missing, models look bland, levels are downscaled, and certain gameplay mechanics are missing entirely.However... I had fun. I honestly did. The basic gameplay of stealthily manuevering throughout the shadows and picking off troops one by one is still there, and is still as fun as it was in Human Revolution. The level design is still well done, even if it is small, and features multiple paths to reach your objectives, just as Human Revolution did. The voice acting is very well done, with the exception of the tutorial lady, who should really be put on suicide watch. The story is incredibly well done, with the fantastic writing of Human Revolution manifesting itself in The Fall through dialogue, pocket secretaries, and emails. There are some sidequests that present some variety in options. There are interesting characters.Of course, things have also been simplified, and probably not to its advantage. Multiple saves don't exist, which wasn't really a problem for me, but I can see that unnerving certain people. The inventory system allows infinite of anything, and items are actually purchased through a tab rather than an individual. It's convenient, but rather odd and unusual.So to conclude, yes, I do actually recommend Deus Ex: The Fall. There is love in this game that is evident, and I hate to see their effort wasted under a plethora of hatred and backlash. If you loved Deus Ex and Deius Ex: Human Revolution just as much as I did, you'll enjoy this adventure as well. Hell, I did everything you could possibly do in the game and managed to clock in at 8 hours, which isn't too shabby."
,Not Recommended,258180,9833171,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,[AReV]BavarianGod,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEgcMCKvm2oSquare Enix is the corporate equivalent of a person with a self mutilating disorder. No longer content to stand by and watch the Final Fantasy franchise drag it's crippled carcass to store shelves where it can be purchased by fans who are blind to how far downhill it has descended, Square Enix has set it's sights on humiliating the Deus Ex franchise. Taking it's subtitle quite literally, The Fall was originally brought to mobile devices where it was greeted with mixed reactions. Now, as if condemning the franchise to commit harikiri, the decision was made to release a quick and dirty port of The Fall on Steam, plunging a wakizashi deep into the semi-conductor filled belly of the franchise and slowly dragging the blade across it's abdomen without the dignity of providing a second.Deus Ex is an unusually complex title to adapt to primitive phones and tablets without completely changing the gameplay, making it hard to fault Eidos Montreal and N-Fusion interactive for a lack of ambition. Dialogue trees, a wide array of augmentations, a large arsenal of weapons, branching paths and side quests are all present. The problem is that most of these have been compromised in some way and many would find these compromises forgivable on a mobile device but with the PC port of The Fall, the sliced corners are exacerbated. While Human Revolution offered a number of cleverly concealed paths to traverse it's often sizable levels, The Fall has to operate on a more modest scale and as a result level design is rather bland with the exception of a late game hotel mission that challenges players to make it to a penthouse suite. Many of the more covert paths lie almost in plain sight since the ability to jump has been removed. Often times, bypassing the entryway to the next area will give players a vent or tunnel to crawl through allowing them to breeze past enemies, not that  taking them on is overly difficult. While the future setting of Deus Ex portrays humans augmenting themselves with robotic attachments, like some sort of Kurzweilian wet dream, it seems that your adversaries couldn't be bothered to enhance their mental condition beyond mouth breather status. Giving your adversaries the slip is as easy as finding a crawlspace to sit in and upon returning to an area after things have settled, it isn't out of the ordinary to see your former pursuers walking into walls. If being stupid wasn't enough, your foes are also severely myopic meaning that using a take down on enemy while one of his allies faces the action from 30 feet away is not likely to raise an alarm.Further crippling the experience, The Fall allows players to make purchases anywhere, anytime so in the middle of a mission it's easy to pause and purchase additional ammunition and health items. A large arsenal of weapons is also available for purchase consisting of crossbows, shotguns, pistols, assault rifles, plasma rifles, RPGs and grenades. Silencers, armor piercing rounds and other attachments can also be purchased as well as upgrades for damage and ammo capacity. Praxis points can also be purchased in order to upgrade your augmentations. The list of augs is equally impressive and most of the abilities from Human Revolution are present here. While this is all impressive, it's entirely unnecessary since the game never conjures a scenario that would require juggling such a vast arsenal.The Fall's narrative benefits from Deus Ex's rich cyberpunk world as you take control of Ben Saxon, a former member of a black ops group known as The Tyrants who is taking refuge in a safe house in Costa Rica with Anna Kelso. Since both have augmentations, they require Neuropozyne, a drug design to combat their body's inclination to reject their artificial upgrades and it just so happens there is a shortage of the drug. Saxon's quest to find a supply of Neuropozyne, leads him to discover the existence of a competing drug and a malicious corporate conspiracy to quickly and cheaply test it. Just as the intrigue builds and it seems like the plot might redeem a few of the game's shortcomings, a “to be continued screen” materializes. The Fall was planned to release in episodes though Square Enix has failed to provide any information on a followup.Embracing Human Revolution's golden glow and featuring the same visual motifs, The Fall looks like a proper Deus Ex game at a quick glance but this port has not received any upgrades from the cell phone version aside from anti aliasing and higher resolution textures. The end result is appalling. It would appears that the citizens of Panama have been exposed to Agent Orange since NPCs appear deformed as a result of an extremely low poly count and textures that consist of a simple diffuse map with very little if any detail. Oddly enough, Saxon's model looks passable with a higher poly count and more thoughtful texturing, it's just a shame that the game is played in first person so players will rarely see it. Environments themselves also suffer from objects with simple color diffuse maps and a tremendous amount of repetition. Much of this is to be expected given the game's mobile device origins but a small amount of work would have gone a long way toward making this port acceptable. In addition to the lazy visual upgrade, The Fall doesn't feature remappable keys, the mouse control feels slippery and imprecise and recoil when firing a weapon is represented by an absurd zooming effect. The Fall has quick buck written all over it.It's difficult to fathom why Square Enix though the complexities of Deus Ex would translate well to mobile devices and its even more baffling why they thought it would be a good idea to port a compromised product back over to the platform that made this franchise what it is in the first place. What is tolerable on a phone or tablet becomes unbearable and embarrassing on a PC, and by not making a few tweaks to the visuals and forgoing features like remappable keys,  Eidos Montreal and N-Fusion have earned the ire of fans. The Fall's few strong points are crushed a brutal counterpoints. It's impressive arsenal and upgrades are rendered useless by horrendous AI and it's intriguing narrative ends with a cliff hanger with no follow-up in sight.  These wounds are just too large for a few augments to mend."
,Not Recommended,258180,19493678,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Antwog,"Note: I didn't review Deus Ex: Human Revolution & The Missing Link DLC due to having the original versions of the game instead of the Directors Cut edition, which contains both. But if you must, I rated Deus Ex: HR a 8.75/10 and Missing Link a 6/10.Deus Ex: The Fall is a prequel to Deus Ex: Human Revolution and it takes place in 2027 following Deus Ex: Icarus Effect's ending. The protagonist is Anna Kelso and Ben Saxon and the antagonist is Jaron Namir. Namir is the leader of the Tyrants while Saxon used to work for them, but was betrayed by them. This game is a iOS port. Due to this, critics have hammered the game with very negative reviews.Campaign: The campaign is solid. As normal with Deus Ex, this game's storyline was solid and fits into the world of Deus Ex. The story starts off bland at the beginning but becomes increasingly enjoyable as the game progresses, however the game is subject to an anti-climactic ending, ruining the atmosphere. There is a DLC tab in the game, so it seems as if there was meant to be more missions, but stopped after the poor reviews. Regarding Saxon, as the player, you can invest into him as the story progresses due to uncovering mysteries. In saying that, the story and investment of Saxon doesn't hit high gear, rather it progresses slowly passing average territory. The game is relatively short clocking in at 4.5 hours playtime. There was only three main missions in the game and five side quests, so wasn't in-depth by any means.Gameplay and Graphics: The technical aspect of this game was awful. I will state a few notable issues. The game looks zoomed in due to the port despite being 1920x1080 resolution. The graphics are pretty bad compared to Human Revolution, especially for a 2013 game. There are noticeable frequent FPS drops, but are relatively minor drops. Actions and movement tend to be delayed, for example, moving against the wall. The gameplay also feels limited with no sprint button, no jump button, and only one kill/knockout animation. There are speech issues with dialogue between characters. Basically, there are few good things about the gameplay and graphics, but are plagued by numerous issues, glitches, and bugs.Positives: Of course, the negatives outweigh the positives. However, the campaign and storyline was solid. I overly liked the revamped inventory system. Comparing to HR, now you can buy weapons, upgrade those weapons, buy grenades, etc. essentially you can use your credits more frequently. Despite liking it, buying weapons is unnecessary due to making the game easier. Another positive is the usefulness of hacking. In Human revolution, if you hacked a computer, there would be relevant information for the player that the game would not find useful. Whereas in The Fall, if you hacked a computer, it would contain very useful information to help in the game.Overall: The game had its moments in the campaign and through the few positives I just mentioned, but frankly, the game is a bad iOS port. I bought it for $2.49 on sale and I wouldn't recommend it, especially at full price. 3/10.----Thanks for reading my review! If you like my reviews and care to read more, feel free to join Antwog's Analysis (Reviews).http://steamcommunity.com/groups/AntwogReviewsIf you have questions comment below or post in Antwog's Analysis (Reviews) general discussion page. If you liked it, give it a rating."
,Not Recommended,258180,32777964,Posted: 25 June,all,American Branflakes,A mobile game that should have stayed that way. Or at the very least been remade from the ground up for PC. Utter feces.
,Not Recommended,258180,12812225,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,ultimaatti,"Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to Human Revolution, feels like mobile game because it actually is. Bad graphics (not that important), Human Revolution's story started really awesome, this starts when your ugly character tells some♥♥♥♥♥♥from his past. Still i'm going to complete this, because i want to know how the Human Revolution's story continues.[edit after completing]It was this short! 3 HOURS!?! Had no physics?! BODIES DISSAPEARED ALL THE TIME BREAKING THE IMMERSOIN! I got a 3 hour game, with bad graphics, I COULDN'T EVEN JUMP! Enemies had bad AI but still they could shoot through cover, no inventory space, you could buy weapons anywere. I'm not angry, I AM ♥♥♥♥ING FURIOUS! I expected good sequel, a Deus Ex game, instead i got a butchered MOBILE GAME PORT. WHAT WAS SQUARE ENIX THINKING![edit 6 months or something later]Thank god this game was so short. I just sent a refund request and i hope i will get my money back. Everyone who has bought this should do the same."
,Not Recommended,258180,18347214,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,4cylinder,"A P.O.S. embarrassment to an otherwise fantastic seriesBoy oh boy, am I glad that Steam allows players to ""not recommend"" games, because this atrocity does not deserve the Deus Ex moniker. It doesn't even deserve to be a PC or home-console game.To quote Adam Jensen, ""I never asked for this"".On the surface, the game looks promising. You play as Ben Saxon, a mercenary once affiliated with the Tyrants (the guys who attack Sarif Industries in Human Revolution), who defected from the Tyrants and is now pursuing his own investigation into the global conspiracy. Ben Saxon is basically a reskinned Adam Jensen - the HUD and augmentations from Human Revolution are all intact.Sounds like it could be fun, right? Well, maybe, if the game were developed as proper Human Revolution DLC using that game's engine. Except it's not. It's a port of a mobile game. You think console ports are bad? I'd take a console port over a mobile port any day of the week.The technical flaws due to ""mobile-itis"" are apparent from the very beginning. The controls are god awful, and at the time of release, could not be remapped. Movement feels stiff and it's easy to tell that the mouse is just simulating a finger drawing across a touch screen. Worse still, some compromises that were made for touch screens also crept into the PC port. For example, on the mobile version, to fire your weapon you need to hold down a button, which brings up the weapon sight. You aim the weapon and release the button to fire. On the PC, you hold down the left mouse, aim, and release the left mouse to fire. Yeah, what the F-word?! I don't know if this was patched as of 2015, but it sure wasn't working too well last year when I played this game.The graphics may have won praise when viewed on a small phone or tablet screen. On a PC monitor, they're inexcusably bad. The models are low res, animations are choppy, and corpses just disappear into thin air due to game engine constraints. Even the Xbox 360 can do better than this, and that's a 10 year old console.Now all this could be forgiven if the gameplay were even half as amazing as Deus EX HR or the Missing Link DLC. Well, obviously it's not! Enemy AI is beyond ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Human Revolution's AI was often the butt of jokes, but those guys are Einsteins compared to the stooges you face in The Fall. I couldn't believe it when I was able to walk up to enemies HEAD ON and do stealth takedowns without raising alarms. They must be blind, deaf, and dead. It's almost like the devs turned on cheat codes for everyone.Part of the fun of Human Revolution was carefully rationing resources when upgrading augmentations and weapons. It was also necessary to visit specific locations to get upgrades, and this encouraged exploration (which opened side quests). In The Fall, you can simply buy augs and weapon upgrades and even ammo on-the-fly, and somehow it magically appears in your inventory. Finding money is also stupidly easy. That kills incentive for exploration, and it's far too easy to become The Terminator in a short time, which removes any challenge in the game (not helped by the dumb-as-dirt AI).To add insult to injury, the game's SHORT. I finished it in five hours. It ends with a message telling me to wait for the next episode, just like a typical mobile game. So far, there has been no mention of that second episode.This game should be ignored by everyone. Don't even pirate it. Send a message to Square Enix that we will not tolerate this sort of blasphemy.At least Mankind Divided looks like it'll be a proper game..."
,Not Recommended,258180,14403700,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,LethalFeline,"This game is solid proof that mobile platforms are time machines. This game's quality is at least from 10 years before its release.  It's just not up to snuff compared to what I'd expect from Square Enix and its subsidiaries, especially after playing Deus Ex: Human Revolution.I hesistate to say this because I'll have to accept its existence, but I'm pretty sure Invisible War's character models look better at times than those in this game released for PC in 2014!  The best examples are the NPCs that pepper Panama. They have a polycount for a PSX game.As for the gameplay, it is a toned-down version of that in Human Revolution.  For example of how the gameplay has been reduced, there is no jumping. You can fall off of things, climb latters, and vault over those designated as acceptable, but no free jumping.  The player also cannot pick up and move items, like boxes. That's not entirely true. There is an aug to move heavy objects, but it has been reduced to shoving scripted XNG crates from preset position A to preset position B. Aside from those examples, it's pretty much HR. One more thing and spoiler warning!There are no boss fights in this game. The closest thing you get is a single box guard and it's only a fight it if you are a terrible at stealth.The level design is still complex at the very least. Lots of possibilities for the player to explore, mostly through man-sized vents. The designers did make more breakable walls, which I appreciate as well.The voice acting is probably the most impressive feature of this game.  I really hope that the assets are reused because they are a waste on this game in its current form.The writing is a mixed bag. I find the method Namir was planning to employ Ben Saxon to be ludicrious and the twist to be pants-on-head. Doesn't make a lick of sense. That said, I think Ben Saxon and Anna Kelso to have potential as good characters with some depth.It should be apparent that I cannot recommend this game. It is not good enough for the consumer and not good enough for the franchise. The best thing the developer and publisher could do is drop this whole idea of putting this kind of game on a phone or tablet. Since The Fall is part of an episodic series, they would be wise to remake this installment with the existing Human Revolution tools and assets as well as the next installment. Then, stitch them together like DX: HR Director's Cut. As a consumer, I would advise you to wait for that to happen or, if you cannot hold back your curiosity, wait until this version of the game is very cheap. I bought it for 2USD and I did get my money's worth."
,Not Recommended,258180,28357070,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Mothefucker Jones,"Please, please , please.Never ever again jsut transfer a game from mobile platform to PC ever."
,Not Recommended,258180,9540376,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,[SB] Stompdashitout,"Sadly very poor graphics and verry buggy, sometimes u cant even pick the items casue u cant click on them. No facial movment at all. Same one soundtrack for the whole level. Cant change the hotbuttons. If you are not fan of the series i dont recommend you to buy it."
76561197988971697,Not Recommended,258180,32842653,Posted: 26 June,all,onewhofound,"Not a quality follow-up to a top-tier game like Deus Ex.  It adds a few nice things I would have liked to have had while playing Adam Jensen, like buying stuff anywhere and having two rechargeable power cells.  But the negatives dramatically outweigh the positives.  One asks, why did they try and fix these things that were not broken?  The engine is different despite being perfectly serviceable, and they implemented a truly hideous save system.Add that to goofy anime-esque characterization and simplistic story-telling and this is definitely a sale-only purchase even if you ar a big fan of the series.  Avoid altogether otherwise.2/5 stars"
,Not Recommended,258180,9540486,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Zedwulf,"Awfull game, see for yourself the first 30 mins. Very disappointing.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIgg21G5ieI&list=UUa1ZnY_jWuMddtgq7Ah9hnQ"
,Not Recommended,258180,9540191,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,lostlabyrinth,"Hacking is extremely tedious (and turning down the controller sensitivity doesn't help), the controls are clunky, the AI is laughable, the graphics are rather poor and the forced tutorial is unnecessary for anybody who knows how to play DX:HR. Clearly a rushed port from a studio that loves to cash grab.I'll reserve judgement for the rest of the game until I progress some more but right now, don't buy until they patch."
,Not Recommended,258180,9540718,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Bolts,"It is quite clear that this game is simply a port from the mobile Android/iOS versions. Does not match up to Human Revolution by any standards, and it's also quite clear this was never really meant for PC play. Do not buy this if you have played the story before, and do seriously consider getting it on your Android/iOS device since it is definitely more optimized for mobile play if you've never played the story before (or, you could, you know watch YouTube playthroughs or something).Though, of course, if you have cash to burn..."
,Not Recommended,258180,16057208,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Lunaril,"I've tried and tried to give this game a chance. It has graphics similar to Deus Ex: Human Revolution, but it doesn't feel like a fully fledged game. It comes off as one of those partially done, episodic games where they leave it open, but nothing ever comes of it. If you love the Deus Ex series and expect it to be similar to Human Revolution, you are going to be disappointed. It has alot of the same features, but doesn't really feel the same. My advice friends, save the couple of dollars, and put it toward Deus Ex: Mankind Divided. From what I've read, that game sounds amazing. Thumbs down, sorry."
76561198073209957,Not Recommended,258180,29543541,Posted: 28 January,all,Beltneck,"Way too short for what I've come to expect after Deus Ex and Deus Ex:Invisible War. You know why I've only played 4 hours? because thats how long it takes to beat the game in stealth mode on your first try. I'm sure you could run through it guns blazing in an hour or less.Thats not even the worst part, the game doesn't even come to a conclusion. Compared to the first two, this game is just a starting mission where you secure yourself some international transportation - you don't find out who is pulling the strings or even what they are up to, you don't have any boss fights, you don't get revenge on the people hunting you, you don't make the world a better place. You just get a helicopter.I wouldn't buy this game on anything less than 90% off individually. But If this is the route the Deus Ex series is taking, then I'd wait for an anthology pack thats 75% off."
76561197993658064,Not Recommended,258180,12261706,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,mspring,"I have never written a review before as I've never felt the need.  Now I just really wish I'd read one or two before this lacklustre and seriously flawed game.  The producers should be ashamed.  I imagine that the developers who ported it to the PC must spend a lot of time pretending they had nothing to do with it.  I doubt they could bear the embarrassment - better and more honest to admit to poor personal hygiene I would imagine.As a seasoned gamer since 1981 and having recently finished the latest instalments of Bioshock, Thief, Tomb Raider, Dishonoured, Metro Redux (2033 and Last Light - both excellent games) and Deus Ex: Human Revolution (The Director's Cut), unwittingly I fell into the trap of thinking that this recently released game would bear some of the hallmarks of the above titles.  Unfortunately I couldn't have been more wrong - a view borne out by reading user reviews (sadly after buying the game) - all of which seemed to emphasise that a port from a  tablet or phone hasn't really worked in this case.  The keys can now be customised to (say) make ""SPACE"" = USE ITEM.  All fine except on-screen in the game, it says something like ""Press 'F' to USE ITEM"" - i.e. the customisations don't carry through into the on-screen dialogue or tutorial which does make it a bit confusing and liable to get you killed or stuck in one place as you frantically search your keyboard for the move forward command.  Graphically it's okay but reminiscent of a game 10+ years ago.  Most of the time, the movement is clunky and the keys fail to respond.  Even on the first level, the number of bugs was enough to make me just delete the game.  I'd delete it at four times the price; it's that bad.  Imagine opening a door in the game, the door opens, you turn around to go back and it asks you to open the visibly open door - and won't let you go through until you go through the pretence of ""opening"" the door.  The range of keys that can be used is ridiculous - at one point I was thinking of bringing my nose into play to perform the complicated manoeuvre of jumping over a low box.  First I had to ""break cover"" - very hard to do when you've got to press two keys and they're not the ones being stated on the screen that you must press.  The you have to press up to the low box and then finally press ""Use"" (or it may have been Inventory"" or ""Map"" - no idea in the end.  There is no ""JUMP"" button unlike in Human Revolution which manages to get along with considerably less keys to press and confuse.  As for using my nose as an extra digit,  I have a cold and couldn't face the mess.I'd say that words fail me but actually they don't.  It's polite words that I'm having a degree of difficulty with.  Of all the games in all the bars, this one sucks the most.From this ""Does it have the X-factor"" judge, it's a big no.  This game has ""FALL""en at the first hurdle (see what I did there?), leaving human kind to fend for itself - and it'll be glad it did!"
76561198132447749,Not Recommended,258180,23715009,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,arenvernega,"BEFORE YOU BUY THIS GAME please not that it was originally a game for mobile devices and this is just a PC port of that game. As such, it doesn't really hold its own as a PC game. Usually in these kind of reviews, people will mention how they have ""over 100 hours"" in the game to lend to their credibility. I've put a whopping 7 hours into this game, and I didn't even rush the main questline. I did every sidequest (as far as I'm aware), picked up every item (as far as I'm aware), ...you get the idea. Now, granted, I didn't do the ""new game +"", but all that does is increase the difficulty. On top of that, combat and conrols are clunky, and the game is glitchy as heck (especially when doing takedown moves). The story is somewhat interesting, but is of course ridiculously short and ends with a very disappointing ""to be continued"".Now, all that being said, let me reiterate that this is just a port of a mobile game. Had I played it on a mobile device, I probably wouldn't have had all of these complaints. And to be fair, I've had a hard time getting the other games to run right on my computer, and I just went ahead and played this one, so maybe the ""to be continued"" isn't as disappointing as I think it is. Plus, I didn't even know until 5 minutes ago that there was a novel.  :-/So yeah, long story short, just keep in mind that this is actually a mobile game, and take this review with a grain of salt."
,Not Recommended,258180,12684552,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,TheCRAZYspud,"This game adds nothing of worth to the Deus Ex story. While it might work well on a tablet, on PC this game is a letdown. Terrible voice acting, wireframe script and plywood plot aside, the gameplay is just clunky and limiting. It is true there are multiple paths (in some places) but they're too obvious, the AI is too dumb and the shooting mechanics are frustratingly wonky at times. My primary complaint: too easy. I found myself waltzing invisibly past practically blind enemies right off the bat. The in-game buy system is overpowered, as you can at any time access 'the black market' to purchase whatever you may need, from praxis kits to grenades to protien bars. The dialogue options are horribly limited and yawn-worthy. Really the only challenge for me was to stay awake. The game lasts six hours, though the vast majority of it was spent jogging from one side of a map to another with little worthwile opposition. It was kinda neat to be able to visit venues I wasn't yet required to clear out and preemptively kill all the things inside so that it was a breeze when the storyline called. This led to silly amounts of experience for stealth when in reality I had gone rambo before I was supposed to. There is a lot of 'content', you could argue. after my first playthrough I only found about half the 'collectible' turntable figures. But really, that's just a gimick. This game is a gimick. While sparse fun can be dredged up occasionally, ultimately this game is not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,258180,9555579,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Chikiro #busy #ps4,"I absolutely love the Deus Ex franchise, and was excited to hear the mobile game was coming to pc.  However, once the game was officially released, I realize that this game probably should have stayed on the mobile platform.  So far, I've only played through the tutorial part of the story, and it is absolutely riddled with bugs.-Spoken dialog being skipped altogether-Spoken dialog being silent-Constant bugged sounds (no gunshot sound, no walking sound, no explosion, no takedown noises, etc)-Laggy video screen (my character kept jumping all around)-The tutorial popups, although I'm sure is easy to turn off, were extremely annoying and prohibitive during the tutorial-Outdated graphics for the time-Awful animations-Uneditable ControlsThis game has the potential to be a decent game on the pc, they just reaaallllly need to work on all the bugs that are prevalent.However, my least favorite thing about this game is the item system. Unlike the item system in HR, one can purchase any weapon/ammo/grenade at any time.  There is also (seemingly) no limit on how many items that one can pick up.  It really dumbs down the experience."
76561197970970156,Not Recommended,258180,9539704,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Nick05,"Extremely poor graphics 600+ fps explains all, terrible voice acting, no custom control mapping, and a tutorial sysyem that talks to you like a 6 year old child.It feels like the devs handed this one to their trainees.Feels like a touch pad port."
,Recommended,258180,25698513,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Whiteswart,"Not as bad as people say. Not worth its money, on the other hand.The Fall is the simplified byproduct piece of Deus Ex Human Revolution - not complex, not clever, not accurate with details. And not so required to see as a part of full picture, even if you're a big fan of reincarnated franchise.The game is using mostly the same mechanic as the big one - only dumbed down, without ability to jump, with crude controls and levels designed for mobile platform - which is, obviously, means smaller size and far-from-the-edge graphics. Some are comparing it with N64, but that is an exaggeration. Still, nothing too fancy.The narrative, which I liked for some point, felt more pure cyberpunk, than in Human Revolution case. Sadly, that feeling was not lasted for long, as the ""professional"" merc Ben Saxon started to act even more unnatural than Adam Jensen in his quest, with all those morality checks and sudden bursts of unpredicted generosity, which is so inproper in the merc's praxis...Why thumbs up, then? As of little product, which is now sells in bundle either with Deus Ex titles, or with all Eidos anthology - even with all simplicity and the feeling of unfinished product the Fall is providing - still the gameplay is not completely broken. It feels like separate level of Deus Ex HR, which was cutted off as improper, and then sold as separate game - yes, that's true. But, it is still a piece of the great game. Just one of the worst pieces.My mark is 5.8/10. I recommend to start it only for achievement hunters - as this one is so simple for full complete - or for people who played in Human Revolution for too long, but still not enough for satisfaction. Maybe ""The Fall"" will work as a sobering pill - if Mankind Divided was not chilled you out yet."
,Not Recommended,258180,9539797,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,kouby,"this ""game"" is simply terribleSquare Enix obviously have no soul and should burn in hell.ps: impossible to play on a foreign keyboard"
,Recommended,258180,23229928,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,keohookalani,"Deus Ex: The Fall should be taken for what it is. A mobile entry into the Deus Ex Universe. Admittedly, I'm a fan of the universe and getting another chance to play in this world, is something I am always looking forward to. So there may be some bias.One thing that must first be noted, is that this game is a direct port from Mobile. If you look at what the game offers from a mobile perspective, it's pretty amazing. I wouldn't actually want to play it on mobile, as I can't imagine pulling off some of the stuff I do with just gestures, but hey, more power to those who want to.As a direct port, this game did not have graphical update, the controls can be unresponsive, and the options are limited.Graphics: for a mobile game this is excellent. As a PC port though, the graphics are okay. They aren't amazing, but they aren't completely terrible. I tried to remember where it was coming from. There are some glitches from time to time when you're climbing ladders, or performing takedowns where you will see through the scenery, which can be a little confusing the first time it happens. Yes, it will likely happen.... and more than once.Sound: For a game that comes from mobile, the Sounds aren't bad at all. In fact, I was typically content with the music and the voice acting. It wasn't horrible, though one of the characters is a little over the top, but aren't villains always portrayed that way?Story:  The story is rather interesting, to me at least. I liked the characters, although some of the missions seem rather structured for a Deus Ex game. Unforutnately, as the story is short, the characters don't really get all the attention they deserve. If the game had more support, we likely would have seen more with further chapters and installments in the series. Unfortunately, it's unlikely this will occur, so you get what you get and until it's decided what to do with this particular piece of IP, we likely won't see anything more for awhile.Controls: This is where the game really shows it's mobile origins. The developers could have spent a little time smoothing out the controls for PC but unfortunately this didn't occur. Sometimes when trying to accomplish certain tasks the game will get confused as to what you're trying to do and won't allow it. I.e. if you're taking cover and you press in a direction at a corner, the game won't allow you to move out of cover, because it will only accept you taking cover again. Another major issue is when you are trying to vault over small obstacles, sometimes you will be able to walk over to them and do this instantly, and others the game will not allow it unless you are taking cover and then you can repeatedly hit spacebar to vault over the object. It can be very frustrating. Another major issue is when you are trying to interact with certain objects you cannot because the hitbox for lack of a better term of other NPCs are in the way. You can clearly see the object, you are clearly pointing at it, but the game has decided that the object next to it takes priority even though that is not the option available when you press the E button to interact. This can be highly frustrating from time to time, but fortuntely doesn't occur as often as it could. There is still one computer I couldn't hack, because the receptionist was in the way, and when I decided I was angry and shot her in the head, I discovered she had invisible bio-organic titanium shielding protecting her that seemed to have infinite regenerative properties and no matter how much I made it bleed, it wouldn't allow me to destroy it and then kill her :POverall: 5/10 - If you're a Deus Ex fan, go in with low expectations and you can still enjoy it. However, if you expect excellence, you will be disappointed. Take the game for what it is worth but NEVER buy it at full price. It's not polished enough for that, and it was much cheaper originally even on Android and Apple stores. I would recommend getting it for maybe $2 if you can and then in my opinion it's worth it. Base pricing of $10 is ridiculous and should never be considered.Honestly this is one of the few games where I wish I could choose a Neutral instead of Yes or No. But because I enjoy the universe and with the above caveats, I will still give it a thumbs up... so long as you remember, it's not gonna be great, and you don't spend much on it."
,Not Recommended,258180,10739461,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Heartss_,Deus Ex : The Fall of quality
76561198000928278,Not Recommended,258180,9540244,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,JOIN ARMY,"SUCK, JUST SUCK.Square Enix revived Deus Ex franchise and they KILLED IT AGAIN.WHY DID YOU DO THAT, Square Enix... WHY?"
,Recommended,258180,17822976,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Disco Stu,"I had read a bunch of god-awful reviews about this game before finally finding the courage to dish a few Euros out for it. Perhaps the fact that I was expecting an unplayable mess let me enjoy it more than I should have. Or maybe my tolerance for crap has increased manifold since I last had it checked. Either way, The Fall felt like a stripped down, flatter version of Human Revolution - and having said that, it didn't feel unplayable at all.What the rest of the review talks about:+ visually faithful to the previous games+ good potential for exploration+ a short story in the Deus Ex universe+/- easier and (more) relaxing to play as sleuth+/- few familiar characters- poor UI adaptation and game mechanics- some obvious glitches- no real boss fightsAdmitting that I am a huge fan of Deus Ex, I enjoyed doing all the stuff I did in the main game: hacking, sleuthing, taking down anything that moves on the map in the most Ghandi-esque manner possible. The main quest is supported by five side-quests, the map is structured in three large areas with several buildings accessible in each and the environments are all very familiar if you've played Human Revolution. It is absolutely a retread of the original and took me about six hours to complete, while eliminating all AI enemies.So I can understand why someone who doesn't have the patience to go through this level of time-wrapping and wishes for something new and original in the Deus Ex universe will be disappointed. Although conceived like the Missing Link, this port is inferior in its execution and obvious bugs arise that smack of superficiality from the developers. Most if not all the ones I encountered were just glitches though and did not pose any software farts. Storywise, only a few familiar characters appear with minimal roles and there are no real boss fights to talk about. What compounds the bad word of mouth for any new player will be the irritating tutorial which introduces you to the world and the slightly altered game mechanics and controls, which are simplified compared to the original. Oh, and the messy interface too.But these seemed mostly trivial obstacles to me, none of which were deal-breakers. The game, while quick and dirty in a sense, allowed me to roam across the map and do things at my own pace, with few restrictions controlling story elements. I feel I paid a fair (discounted) price for a minor entry in the Deus Ex universe and was able to enjoy the hours spent playing it. So I would go out on a limb and recommend it to fans of the series who have a sense of lenience and patience about themselves."
,Not Recommended,258180,29203923,Posted: 12 January,all,Nyctus,"Never asked for this.Started playing and thought ""weird, everything seems like a cheap ripoff of the actual Deus Ex"". The UI, the graphics, the combat, the hacking, even moving around feels like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cheap version of Deus Ex. I thought for a minute that I had accidentally bought a third party product from some scammer who used the Deus Ex name.When I found out this was a port from mobile I felt ripped off, unfortunately I can't return it as I got the bundle of all DX games (and I already owned the old games so Fall was the only benefit). I mean on an actual mobile device this would be quite impressive, but I paid for this on a PC!"
,Not Recommended,258180,12387084,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,RealDeal,An insult to the Deus Ex Series. Dont play it even when its on free :P.
,Not Recommended,258180,9542837,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,JerryCrazyWheels,"Controls are wonky, mouse sensitivity sucks, most of the audio is missing, the tutorial is too slow to get past and the voice acting is just horrible."
,Not Recommended,258180,9541232,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Xhva,"I can see why this slipped under my radar, and I'm a huge fan of the series. Clunky, ugly port using an buggy engine that has a tendency to change the direction you're looking randomly. This honestly feels like an fan recreation of DXHR's aesthetics and features but is in dire need of polishing; if you're coming from PC DXHR and expecting things like cover, AI, and weapon shooting to feel similar then you'll be very surprised.At time of writing this should be returned to beta status for the developers to fix technical issues, the graphics people to repurpose the PC models and textures they already have access to, and the sound people to re-record the female lead's leaden reading. I wouldn't have minded paying more for this if it was better."
,Not Recommended,258180,9541764,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Briggs,"If you love the Deus Ex series, avoid this like the ♥♥♥♥ing plague.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Ldk6LSL2ek"
76561197985651626,Not Recommended,258180,29339245,Posted: 18 January,all,Morningstar,"Ok, here goes: This is a game made for mobile and sloppily tossed onto pc in an attempt to please a screaming crowd of deus ex fans wanting to be able to play the game on computers, and it's quite evident in its content (or lack thereof).The game looks.. OK for the most part. The character models suffered the most, while the environment is close to deus ex: HR which this game obviously borrowed most of its assets from. Even the soundtrack is the exact same as in HR, which collides a little bit with the whole idea of bringing a unique sound depending on the setting or city the players find themselves in.There are still a lot of augmentations to choose from, but the casie-mod has been dumbed down to simply activating it to win a conversation. Merchants have been completely removed, making you unable to sell the stuff you pick up, and instead replaced with a menu from which weapons, items and ammo can be directly bought.Inventory space is also gone, allowing you to carry several metric tons of crap without having to drop anyting.During my playthroughs I also encountered some frustrating bugs.The most common is the horribly unresponsive ""E"" key for picking up small items or choosing a dialogue option.If you see a little energy-bar or credit-chip anywhere on the map, you need to make sure there are no NPC's nearby, since the game assumes you're activating them instead of the item you want. You will find yourself spamming the E-key when trying to pick something up.There is also the chance of enemies you've taken down falling into walls, making it impossible to get the stuff they drop.In a few locations you can even takedown an enemy from a floor below if your position is right.Like countless reviewers have said before me, this game is amazing on mobile, but severly lacking on pc.The animations are stiff, making it difficult to connect with the characters because of the primitive movements, and character models are repeated as much, if not even more, as in the original deus ex from 17 years ago.The game teases you with more locations in its opening scene, like Australia and New York, but all you get is a quick tutorial level, a miniscule plane flashback-mission and Panama city which serves as the main hub for the first (and only) act of the game.That being said, the voice acting is quite alright, and has the original actors return to their roles of characters such as Namir and Barrett.The different variations of weapons is also a plus, having 3 models (or reskins) of pistols and crossbowsIf you head into this game thinking it's gonna be like DX:HR in all aspects, you'll find yourself dissappointed.DO NOT purchase for the full 10-dollar price tag. At this point with the lacking content, it's a robbery."
76561197968721403,Not Recommended,258180,31972237,Posted: 26 May,all,Horus,"I made the mistake of playing Deus Ex: The Fall right after playing Deus Ex: Human Revolution twice in a row. The contrast in quality probably made my experience with ""The Fall"" even worse. Still, what on earth were they thinking?While using an Xbox controller instead of keyboard control alleviates some of the pain, nothing can cover up the bad voice acting. The gal reading the tutorial info popup texts was possibly dragged in from the street against her will, other actors might have been blackmailed into participating.Enemy AI, and I use ""intelligence"" in the broadest sense possible, is almost non-existent.Combat is worse than the AI. Shoot an unarmed enemy square in the head from a few steps away, and chances are about 50% that he will simply shrug it off. That is if you even manage to hit what you are aiming at.You have one slot to save your game in, with manual and autosave sharing the slot, and no protection against saving in a tricky spot like the middle of a fight. Also, enemy state is only saved in an approximate fashion, so guards that moved away from you when you saved the game can end up facing towards you after loading.The game ends abruptly after about four hours -- if you take a slooow, sneaky approach, try to explore every corner of the small map zones, and reload lots of times because combat sucks. Storywise, this is not even half a game.I would not give ""The Fall"" away as a gift for fear of embarassing myself. Bringing the Deus Ex franchise to mobile devices in order to milk money out of people who never played the original Deus Ex (which is still awesome today) is one thing, but the Mobile-to-PC port is an insult.Verdict:AVOID!"
,Not Recommended,258180,9543747,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Gunmetal Toughie,"This is a giant ♥♥♥♥ing stinking piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Created solely to milk more cash out of the Deus Ex name, its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port that actually lags. Its a single player game, for ♥♥♥♥s sake!The controls are stiff and awkward, and even on max, the mouse isnt sensitive enough, causing it to feel like youre trying to turn a supertanker.I must admit, I jumped straight on this ♥♥♥♥er, thinking it could give me more of that juicy experience that Human Evolution provided. Had I bothered to check into this, I wouldve learned its a cellphone port. And I wouldnt have bought it.Dont buy this turd."
,Not Recommended,258180,14347223,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Bodak Yellow,i didnt ask for this
,Recommended,258180,29730400,Posted: 5 February,all,Rain,"I dont know what people expected from a mobile port. I was surprised to be honest, I thought it was much much worse. Its not that long, thats my main issue, but then again i had reaaaally low expectations. After 2 short missions, the game contiunes in the main hub, Panama, where you can roam freely, follow the main storyline and do some side quests along the way. If you explore the main hub, it will take you around 4 to 5 hours to finish the game. Gameplay is simplified compared to the original, but again, not to the degree that I was expecting. Also, you will see a couple of familiar faces from the Human Revoultion.If it's on sale, and you crave for some Deus Ex vibe, its not that bad of a choice."
76561197963569386,Not Recommended,258180,32792846,Posted: 25 June,all,Skankin' Monkey,"This may be even worse than Invisible War. Do yourself a favour and skip this one.Edit:So I just finished this pile of garbage.Aside from the horrible pc-port this game is also unfinished! It just ends to the credits after what was supposed to be the first of 3 Acts (if what I gathered from the Wiki-Page is to be trusted).I now feel cheated even more, even though I only bought this game, because the complete collection of the Deus Ex Franchise was cheaper than buying DE:MD on its own."
,Not Recommended,258180,9541864,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,large interior noxious e-vapor,[x] buyers remorse
76561198030768261,Not Recommended,258180,9541579,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Tats,"Being a big fan of Deus Ex I bought this without any research since it was made by the same Dev as the reboot. However, that was a mistake since this game is a iOS port and the graphics are comparable to 1st gen. PS3 games at best. No physics, poor textures, clunky controls, AWFUL voice acting, the game is just bad."
,Recommended,258180,32802795,Posted: 25 June,all,tolvak,"This was a fun little diversion.  I've seen it on sell for as little as $2, and for that kind of price I think it's worth it.  As others have mentioned, this definitely feels like a mobile port.  In places the graphics looked super blocky to me (even reminded me of the original Deus Ex a bit, and not in a good way, ha).  I played with the steam controller, and that worked out well. I had to go into the options and turn on the controller, but after that the controller worked perfectly.Obviously this game doesn't hold a candle to the experience of one of the full fledge Deus Ex games.  It is quite shallow and very short.  Think of it as a mini, bite-sized adventure.  But I enjoyed the little story and I thought the music was fantastic.  The voice acting was pretty meh, but I didn't find it distracting after the first few minutes (once again, it definitely reminded me of older games in that regard).I played the entire game peacefully and stealthily, and I had a lot of fun trying to clear all of the bad guys in a section without getting caught.  I also knew the game was short, but was still surprised when the credits rolled.  You could probably speed run the game in 4 hours or something, but I spent a bit more time finding all the goodies I could and buying augmentations.As I said, for a couple of bucks, I think it is worth it.  I enjoyed spending a bit of time in the Deus Ex universe, and I don't regret picking it up and playing through it."
,Not Recommended,258180,9539568,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Shinzon_Gamma,I recommend Square Enix finishes programing this game until then go buy something else.
,Not Recommended,258180,9542656,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,EightiethRaptor,"they didnt even try with this game, biggest waste of money i highly suggest not buying this game. right before i quit i shot a basic enemy close range in the head with a silenced and upgraded pistol and not only did he not die even after more than 2 shots, but everyone got alerted right away, after that happened i said f*** this and quit."
76561197971286178,Not Recommended,258180,9554240,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Sacri,"I really like DX 1 and DX HR but this is something different. I did read somewhere that Eidos Montreal took the best in to DX HR and left the DX IW out. HR was a good game.This 4th installment is even worse that the DX IW. Textures looks taken from 1KB pixeljunk and streched to whole area. Audio just turns off and occaisonally you can actually hear dialogs. Viewbob isn't there, footsteps may or may not be heard. It really depends. Not sure why footsteps and ambient music and dialogs can't play along.Worst is the really really a n n o y i n g user interface. First you can only click pre-determined stuff in the inventory and then when using hack or leaving hacking terminal the huge textbox just floats until you leave the map. Everything is guided by force.This should be sequel to DX HR and it feels like C grade title. Don't try."
,Not Recommended,258180,9541157,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Bloede Kusse,"Terrible port, sounds dont work, no ADS from what I can tell. Treat yourself and get Deus Ex: Human Revolution, not this piece of crap."
,Not Recommended,258180,9540448,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Tacun,"A very lazy port of a mobile game, DO NOT waste your money on this!"
76561198016462272,Not Recommended,258180,9543173,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Nuecom,"Port has lackluster graphics, terrible animation and buggy gameplay.Really, the only reason to get it is if you can stand it, and you get the god of Deus ex games for free."
,Not Recommended,258180,9554523,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,System 32,"The Fall is a standalone spinoff game that uses a ton of the same stuff from human revolution but has a different story, characters, locations, etc. (Like Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon and Assassin's Creed: Freedom Cry)The major problem with the game is that it's a port of a mobile game which explains a lot.Gameplay is basically Human Revolution but with changes that were made to make the game easier because it was on iOS.The game plays fine but there were some changes I was a bit mixed on.The changes that stood out to me are-Ben Saxon has augmented pockets (Infinite inventory space)-A merchant follows you everywhere (You can buy things at anytime)-Ben Saxon isn't very athletic (No sprinting or Jumping)-It just feels like a mobile game despite being on PCAlso, bugs, nothing game breaking though. Some people have run into problems like no music and such, worst I had was the world disappearing during takedowns.Overall, the game feels like it's on easy by default (there's no difficulty settings) and I felt limited due to no jumping and sprinting.Despite all that, I've been having fun with it so far (after the annoying tutorial of course)Would I recommend it? Right now? NoIf you're a fan that wants more Deus Ex, just to be safe, wait until it (hopefully) gets patched or until it goes on sale.If you're deciding which of the newer Deus Ex games to buy, just go with Human Revolution, it's pretty cheap when it's on sale and it's a bigger game (It usually gets a 75% discount which ends up being 5 dollars cheaper than The Fall at full price)"
76561197971543824,Not Recommended,258180,9540312,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Baraldino,Looks like♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,258180,9554338,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Shaved Ape,"This is a port of a Deus Ex game released for mobile devices, something that isn't mentioned on the store page. The control scheme is extremely limiting, impossible to remap, and there are quite a bit of bugs.  Avoid this game, it's nowhere near the same quality as Human Revolution."
76561197977168140,Not Recommended,258180,9542126,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Pants,Unfinished & bloody short NO WAY NEAR WORTH £8 !!!!!
,Not Recommended,258180,28534341,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,King Of Arse,"This game is not complete. completed part 1, say ""To Be Continue.."", but i don't see any DLC to buy..."
,Not Recommended,258180,24984653,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Skolia,"While not a great game, it's not a bad one either (considering it's a mobile game port).   What really bugs me is it ends on a cliffhanger with a ""the story will continue"" message yet after three years I think it's safe to assume that it won't.   Because of this, I don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,258180,9557675,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Nikout,"Horribly ported, gameplay is still the same as DE:HR's but it is executed so poorly that they decided to get money from a crap mobile port to PC product on a release. I want a refund now, I can't just beat one level because of the bug with hacking that I cant start, I already reinstalled it and nothing happens. It doesn't worth your money, ladies and gentlemen. Also you can't loot in-game. It should've been developed side-by-side for PC and other consoles with best features."
76561197970712242,Not Recommended,258180,29367910,Posted: 19 January,all,ithaqua,"My guess is the developer of this ""game"" saw how bad Deus Ex: Invisable war was and thought, ""You know, we can do much, much worse,"" This is an unplayable mobile port and it is absolute garbage. From the total lack of options to the total lack of playability. Deus Ex is one of my favorite game series and this takes a big steaming (see what I did there?) dump right on top of the franchise. This game should be diassavowed and diassapeared. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS. It will only encourage the developers to create more craptastic cash grabs. Not worth the price at ten dollars, not worth the price for free. In fact, I think they should pay me for the time wasted."
,Recommended,258180,24807003,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,b00mboxmonkey,"Honestly this game isn't as bad as people think.Sure, it's not a full Deus Ex game, but it is part of the Deus Ex expanded universe and adds some intersting lore elements to factions that were otherwised not talked about much in Human Revolution.You take the role of Ben Saxon and his beef with Belltower, because much like it's real world counter part (Blackwater) they've done some shady stuff outside of the human trafficing that was shown in the Missing Link DLC.All in all I would really recommend this game if you really love the Deus Ex lore and it's web of conspiracies and rabbit holes. Gameplay is a bit stripped down but surprisingly intact for a Mobile port. Get it while it's cheap!I do hope that they continue the series, I beat it under 3 hours but if you take your time you can do it in 6."
,Not Recommended,258180,9554274,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Caesar,Don't buy! Don't waste your time or money. Best part of it is the original game that came with it. This buggy poorly writen IPhone game shouldn't be bought. Don't even torrent it. It isn't worth your hardrive space.
76561197996729254,Not Recommended,258180,9555517,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,ef1578,"This isn't even a port, it's a cash grab. The advertised ""Full mouse and keyboard control scheme"" is at best a lie by omission. The keybindings can't be changed, making it impossible to play with a non-QWERTY keyboard. This is simply unacceptable for a PC release."
,Not Recommended,258180,10743681,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Flotilla,"This game is trash, let me tell you why.There's an ingame cash store where you can buy any weapon or ammo you want at any time, completely removing the need to preserve items. Bodies disappear immediately after KO/kill, meaning that killing over silent takedowns is worthless as enemies cannot be woken up. Graphics are horrible, looking very much like a PS2 game; no graphic options other than resolution and AA, and all animations that aren't directly ripped from Human Revolution look stiff and janky. Levels are tiny and linear compared to the original Deus Ex, a game released14 years ago.No way to rebind keys, period. UI and menus are clearly designed for tablets, are incredibly clunky, and don't make proper use of the many keys a keyboard has. The game babies you to the point oftelling you how to walk before allowing you to do so.The story isn't even half as interesting as either Deus Ex or Human Revolution... oh, and it's unfinished, telling you to wait for a second episode that is likely never coming.This doesn't even cover the myriad of bugs that The Fall has, but merely the ""intended gameplay experience"" that the people at Eidos thought everyone would eat up and love.Don't buy this unless you are morbidly curious at what a bad Deus Ex game looks like."
76561198002931285,Not Recommended,258180,9555228,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Random,"If I would have known this was a port, I would have avoided this game all togther."
,Not Recommended,258180,9554439,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Otaku,"I cant recommend this game, it is play able, but not what you call a good port, Just wait for the next Deus Ex title for PC and skip this one"
76561198007950769,Not Recommended,258180,30855906,Posted: 31 March,all,lordbishop34,"The game is actually pretty decent despite the control issues and poor conversion to PC. However its an unfinished game and likely will never be finished. And when I say unfinished I mean it literally stops mid story. Its much like those season finale cliffhanger eps for a show, that gets cancelled after the season. So if its part of a bundle go for it, however as a stand alone product its a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,258180,28550961,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,agriba,"This is a bad game?If that synposis seems short, consider this:  I spent more time on this review than the devs. spent on this game."
,Not Recommended,258180,13283574,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Vault Boy Steve,"I Never Asked for ThisWhen one thinks of Deus Ex, they think of multiple choice avenues to virtually every task they come up against. They think of smart storytelling that makes you want to keep playing. They think of all the unique situations that a play style gives. Well, don’t expect any of that here folks.Coming off the heels of Human Revolution, you would probably think it would play and look the same, if not better in every regard, but come on, we all know it’s a port of a mobile/tablet game so we can’t be expecting miracles, but the effort made by the developers to improve on the build and make it more PC friendly is comical.Let us start with the visuals. The game itself does indeed lend its art style from Human Revolution, although heavily watered down. The models of everything, from cars, NPC’s, buildings, you name it, are horribly rough edged, and don’t look much better than the original Deus Ex… which was released in the year 2000!The textures fair no better, sporting their low resolution sickness all over the place. It extends further though, as the UI, which again, is almost identical to HR, is poorly done, and is quite obviously up-scaled from a very low resolution, which results in that pixel edge look… nasty.Other SFX such as explosions and the sort have as much visual punch as a wet teabag. In fact, the only models in the game that even have a decent model and texture to them are some of the weapons. They’re obviously ripped directly from HR and watered down to match the rest of the game.Now don’t get me wrong! Visuals don’t make a game, I mean look at how well the original Deus Ex holds up, even today, but that has other features, such as great mechanics and story.The sound is no better, with most voice actors doing horrible jobs, on what sounds like very low grade microphones. The ambient sounds and soundtrack are similar to HR, and probably sourced from that also, so at least we’re good on that front.Putting that all aside, we come to the meat and potatoes of any game, THE GAMEPLAY! So then… the shambles of this becomes apparent from the start. Yet again it ports over Human Revolutions animations and pastes them onto the dreadful models. So you can expect most of the same features, such as cover and rolling from it, sneaking but OH NO WAIT! You can’t jump. For some reason Panama doesn’t stock jumping augs, and apparently has super gravity as you can’t even jump an inch, or even sprint for that matter! I don’t need to explain how much of a game breaking issue that is to a Deus Ex game.We do get practically every augmentation Jenson received, besides the aforementioned jumping augments, so you’ll be very familiar on this front at least. Oh, what’s that? No merchants in the hubs? No no no! Instead, we have a store that we can access on the go, at anywhere at any time. Obviously a remnant from the mobile version where players could dump their real money into the game to get items faster, and is extremely game breaking. You can just buy more painkillers mid fight and be fine, essentially making you invincible for all intents and purposes. Oh, and did I mention you don’t have an inventory screen and seem to able to carry everything?Maybe you’re like me. A man who was simply thirsty for a bit more Deus Ex and bought the game on sale in spite of all the bad tales I heard, because hey, it must have a story right aside from all the horrible gameplay? WRONG! The story is pathetically boring and simplistic that actually ends up with a “To be continued” screen, and guess what?! That will never come as the idea was obviously abandoned after its massive flop.In short, I don’t think it’s worth it even for the most hardcore of Deus Ex fans. Do yourself a favour and replay the original or Human Revolution until we get that sequel to HR that is on the horizon. Unless of course, you like torture, then I’m afraid you did ask for this…"
,Not Recommended,258180,9556436,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Just Howie,Awful x100 £7.99 for a mobile game with the most annoying talk over tutorial. 0 freedom at all would not recomend
76561197972057979,Not Recommended,258180,9556480,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,furnaman,mmm no keyboard mapping and the ported graphics are barley passable as playable and the controls are pookey  very disappointed overall as a game is a shame they disgraced jensens name on this should have called it pritchards revenge
,Recommended,258180,23919772,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Atlaimond,"Goods and contras:(+) Same atmosphere as‘Deus Ex: Human Revolution’. ✅(+) Good story and the main characters have good voice acting. ✅(+) +New Game mod after you’ve finished the game. ✅It means, you still have your inventory, money, and unlocked augmentations.(-) Annoying and un-skipabel tutorial. ⍻(-) Not working well pick-up system. It was a bit annoying. ⍻(-) Worse graphics quality than‘Deus Ex: Human Revolution’. ⍻(-)The story won’t finish at the end. It said, ‘To be continued’Crash, bug, glitch:I met just a few weird glitch. They didn’t bring too much trouble to me.My personally opinion:Despite the many negative preview, I bough it.The‘Deus Ex: The Fall’definitely not as good as the‘Deus Ex: Human Revolution’. But for me, it was enough good. It looks like as a fans mod. I enjoyed the game and the story was enough good.Recommendation:I recommend the this game to those who;Liked the‘Deus Ex: Human Revolution’.Like the stealth game style.Like the crime stories.To the Achievement-Hunters:The most of the achievements are easy unlockable.Only the‘Hard Times’achievement is a bit buggy. But the troubleshoot is easy, just need a bit attention."
76561197993331257,Not Recommended,258180,9555548,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,legine,"This is outrageous!I did not expect a fancy story, but the graphics make the game unplayable. I like to see fixes to the game.At least that the old Human Revolutions Engine is used instead of the crap they used for PC.It will may not fix much, but it would be a step in the right direction. And who knows what a game can become if the Community cares and not only consumes!If you join me on this it would be great! Answer support me here:http://forums.eu.square-enix.com/showthread.php?t=11409&p=91102#post91102It would be a shame if the Deus Ex Series will die like this."
76561198381715370,Recommended,258180,34750951,Posted: 4 September,all,LiquidIcetea,"I got this as part of the Deus Ex franchise bundle and finished it in a few hours. It's a mobile port, so there's not a lot of options in the settings screen and some of the menu UI feels weird. I played on a i5 6500 & a GTX 1050ti and encountered no bugs nor crashes.GAMEPLAYNow surprisingly they made almost no compromises here. Apart from minor things like hiding bodies, everything else from the main series is here: hacking, the cover system, the augs, weapons & weapon upgrades, stealth, the hub world, sidequests, conversations, hidden vents...The graphics and animations obviously look quite dated, but what did you expect from a mobile game?STORY/PLOTThis was rather interesting. You learn about the main villains of Human Revolution from a different angle. There's a bunch of new world building happening around a new Neuropozyn alternative and we learn Alex Vega's origin story who plays an important role in Mankind Divided.If you got it as part of the Deus Ex bundle I'd say play it after HR and before MD and simply igonre the shortcomings a mobile port brings. It's only a few hours long anyway."
,Not Recommended,258180,14185487,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Ned,"No keyboard button prompts, and there are parts of menus you literally cannot get out of without a controller, I've pressed every single key on this ♥♥♥♥♥ in every combo i can think of, but nope, gotta plug in a controller so I can press X.  Somebody should mail these devs a keyboard so they can educate themselves on what it is and how its used, apparently they missed that class. Can't use the mouse to click the menu option either, that's space-age technology evidently.What the ♥♥♥♥, how do you put a game on the PC, even a PORT, and not be able to navigate menus with a keyboard??  And more importantly, how does a developer of a game say ""I'm gonna put this on PC"" and not include the SIMPLEST of keyboard interfaces? I'm not even gonna whine about not being able to remap buttons, maybe I would complain about that if I'd gotten that far, I dunno. I do know these fellows need to stay away from PC development, we have standards over here.Don't care how good the game is beyond this, if the input is this broken its a bad, bad game not even worth the LOWEST discount prices. I'll plug in a controller and play through it, just because I own it and its a Deus Ex thing, but rarely is there a game in a series I love so much that feels like such an obligation.In the words of JC Denton... ""What a shame.""EDIT: Apparently my controller (Logitech F310, which uses xinput the same as an Xbox controller) doesn't work either, apparently ""Full Controller Support"" means ""only one controller support"" ... so basically, I can't play at all.  what a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I hope the developers' families starve honestly."
,Not Recommended,258180,23742749,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ShOdinReepr,Very mediocre game in comparison to the franchise its derived from. Definitely a pass.
,Not Recommended,258180,31679068,Posted: 11 May,all,ReconSixth,"Save your precious money although Deus Ex: The Fall might cost a little than other games. Absolutely trash-fodder game, especially the graphics - mobile kind graphic."
76561198098761996,Not Recommended,258180,9556407,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,bcavlin,"Buggy game with not such a great story. Interface is buggy, graphics is not so great, shortcut key mappings are weird and few other things. Overall, 3/10. I am sorry I spent money on this game."
,Not Recommended,258180,9556076,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Xipz,"The quality of this thing, especially in comparison to Human Revolution, leaves a lot to be desired."
,Not Recommended,258180,9556714,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Korvyk,A horrible port (from tablet).  Do not buy this game.  The controls will infuriate you.
,Not Recommended,258180,9556866,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,xantus,"Wait for the price to drop to $5.  This is a port from iPad/iOS, and it has some bugs.  The tutorial is mandatory and painful to go through.   This game saved me a $9 haircut because I pulled out all of my hair while waiting for dialogs to be dismissable."
,Not Recommended,258180,9556926,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,zazz_master,"I would like to say I'm a HUGE fan of Deus Ex: Human Revolution. I preordered this game knowing full well it was an iPad port. I didn't have super expectations giving the price of the game. I figured it would be ok for the story and expansion of the Deus Ex universe. Little did I know the full craptitude that would be unleashed onto my eyeballs and brain.First of all, there absolutely NO JUMPING! What gives?! I was hoping for multiple paths to complete missions and find extra goodies. You also can't just pickup boxes to throw at people. I got the strength mod only to find out it's to slide stuff around and not be like ""HULK SMASH!"" vending machine throw. The controls are really awkward and seem broken at times. Like I'll be hugging the wall crouched backing up, then my character gets kinda stuck and will still be in cover mode when I'm clearly in the middle of a doorway or edge of a box. Also, in menus and various prompts where you have to choose stuff, I've had to click a bunch of times to get the option to register. In the main menu for inventory and stuff like that, sometimes clicking works, others you have to highlight what you want, then hit enter.The environment graphics are ok, but the random npc models are awful. Alot of them look like mutated elf people. Also, the lighting doesn't look right on alot of things, like some polygons on a models face will be shadowed even when the light source is right infront of them. In the nightclub at Panama, there was this npc dancing like a derp, I actually thought it was a dude until she spoke because I thought I saw a 5 o'clock shadow. It's pretty bad when a player can't tell what they're looking at because of super low polys and the crappy lighting ingame. Facial movements are wonky as well. I've noticed that parts of the face don't move properly when the main characters are talking, like the upper lip doesn't move. Ben's and Anna's eyes are WAY too big, almost animeish. Barret's and Namir's models really look like they don't belong in this game. You can tell their models weren't made for the facial rigging in this game.The voice acting, oh dear lord, the voice acting is TERRIBLE. If you wanna hear Skwisgaar Skwigelf pretend to be Russian, or other borderline stereotype/horrendous accents, then this shouldn't bother you. The main characters are meh at best. I don't really have a problem for the characters you see in Human Revolution though, they're ok. I've also noticed some glitching with voices in cutscenes.The writing is lackluster. I found myself already clicking though emails not giving a flip what's going on in the world. There are plotholes as big as galaxies, and listening to the news reports and voice messages gave me a brain aneurysm. For example, in one message Anna says she would've cried if they didn't already take her eyes. That doesn't make any sense because tears don't come from your eyeballs. This is just one of many things that will make ocd people like me super mad.The help system is absolutely annoying. It's not like H.R. where you can just ignore it like a boss. It FORCES you to look at crap and doesn't go away till you click the stuff it wants you to.I feel Ben is just a bargain-bin version of Adam Jenson and this game is not worth the money. Overall I give the game a 2/10."
76561198020673989,Not Recommended,258180,25430022,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MelonFarm,Honestly playing through this feels like demo...wouldn't recommend unless u buy it cheam in a bundle.
,Not Recommended,258180,9557070,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Paperboy64,"This game is a terrible looking and handling game on a pc, but a passable mobile game. This game is not worth getting on any desktop, in my opinion. Do not mistake it for a game you actually should get."
,Recommended,258180,10954960,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ownosourus,"During its five hours, Deus Ex: The Fall, presents a watered down, effectively castrated version of all the elements that made Human Revolution a true modern gaming classic. It may look like Deus Ex in a few strategically taken screenshots, but the actual experience is anything but. You will keep playing, desperately hoping for the glimpses of genius that are alluded to as part of the regular franchise, but players who are not fans of this franchise should stay well away from this cheap cash-in that only tarnishes the reputation of one of the most sterling franchises in gaming.The Fall could have been a much better game with just a little bit of push, but right now, it's just an opportunity to PC gamers to experience the iOS version. It's not a bad game, it's just way below the expectations.Once you get through a lot of the shock that comes with The Fall being a tablet conversion and all the little problems it has, fortunately you'll find that it's still a fun new slice of Human Revolution.The Praxiss options are awesome, the combat is very precise and responsive and the atmosphere is great. My judgement might be a bit clouded because I'm a huge fan of this franchise but my final verdict is 6/10."
,Not Recommended,258180,24817142,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Tiga,"Lousy throw-together after the new engine was released.  While interested in the story, I had no desire to run through new tutorials with yet another key config that didn't work for me.  Felt too much like a console port with clunky movement."
76561198042646749,Recommended,258180,30901093,Posted: 2 April,all,kris.aalst,"GameplayDeus Ex: The Fallis a stealth action game. Although they can be played as a first-person shooter if you prefer a more aggressive approach, the Deus Ex games do encourage the player to take a stealthy approach. This means you study the pattern of patrolling guards, try to single out one of them and sneak up behind him, and then press a button on your keyboard or controller to take him down. While doing this, you want to avoid being caught in the act by other guards, security cameras or patrolling robots.You earn experience points (XP) for your actions and when you've earned enough XP, you get one point to spend on 'augmentations' (skills). Roughly, there are combat-oriented skills, exploration skills that allow you to get to places you wouldn't otherwise be able to reach, and hacking skills.To hack a computer or an electronic lock you need to complete a minigame. The minigame is based on pure luck, but you can invest in skills that raise your chance to succeed. You will also find items that can make hacking a bit easier.There's a main questline that will take you through the story and through every area of the game world. There are also 5 optional side quests that yield some additional XP, coin or useful items.Story and settingIn the world of Deus Ex, technology has evolved to a point where humans can be 'augmented' with technology like much stronger limbs or sophisticated eye prosthetics. Unfortunately, augmented people are dependent on a drug called Neuropozyne to prevent rejection of the implants, which would result in death.You're Benjamin 'Ben' Saxon, an augmented former Belltower agent who's recruited by a team of independent mercenaries called the Tyrants, led by Jaron Namir. Ben soon finds out what people who playedDeus Ex: Human Revolutionalready know: they're not the nicest bunch of people. While on the run from both Belltower and the Tyrants, Ben and his girlfriend Anna find themselves in Panama when they start experiencing physical problems due to a lack of Neuropozyne. So Ben sets out to look for a solution to that problem, while trying to stay out of the clutches of the people who are after them at the same time.Panama consists of three small zones that each have a few buildings you can enter and where you'll find quest givers, quest targets and loot. It's not a huge place at all. If you rush through the game doing the main questline only, you'll probably be finished in 3 or 4 hours. If you do all the side quests, it takes about 5 to 6 hours to play through the game.Graphics, sound and controlsDeus Ex: The Fallwas originally a game for mobile devices, developed in Unity. While I must say that graphically it's the best Unity-based game I have played so far, this is a big step down fromDeus Ex: Human Revolution. The developers ofDeus Ex: The Fallclearly added quite a few fringes to the basics that the Unity engine provides, but Unity graphics always look a bit crude and austere.Menu controls are clumsy: sometimes you need to click several times on a button before it registers. In-game, items dropped by opponents tend to sink into the floor. You can still pick them up if you know more or less where they are, but you can't see them. This is annoying and it looks and feels plain sloppy. Also, when an object you want to pick up is close to another object you can interact with, you will interact with the other object. In that case, you need to move around to try and focus the camera in a way that only the item you want to pick up is highlighted, which can be a pain.The music is okay. It sounds mostly copypasted fromDeus Ex: Human Revolutionbut toned down a bit. It's certainly not memorable, although it isn't intrusive or annoying either. The same goes for the sound effects. They're probably copypasted as well, but they sound dull compared toDeus Ex: Human Revolution's sound effects.The voice acting of the main characters is fairly good, although Benjamin Saxon sounds er... very British, almost cockney. The voice acting of most of the secondary characters sounds mediocre at best. I think they hired voice actors who were asked to fake a Hispanic accent instead of hiring actual Hispanics.Comparison toDeus Ex: Human Revolutionand conclusionWhen compared to its 'big brother',Deus Ex: The Falllacks some mechanics that madeDeus Ex: Human Revolutionmore interesting, and it shows some design flaws that are hard to understand, unless they're a direct consequence of the game being developed in Unity for mobile devices and then ported to pc.The Benjamin Saxon character is a lot less cool than Adam Jensen, the protagonist inDeus Ex: Human RevolutionThere are less augments because skills have been merged or have disappeared completely. Although to be honest, it's mostly the less interesting skills that are gone.The protagonist can't jump. At all. This takes away quite a bit of mechanics that were present inDeus Ex: Human Revolution, and the tactics that came with it.You don't see the chance to get detected (%) while hacking.The following points may be both positive and negative, depending on personal taste:You have access to a shop at any time through the game menu, where you can buy anything as long as you have the credits. Yes, that's handy but it's less tactical and a lot less immersive.You have unlimited inventory space. Again, handy but less tactical.Whether dead or unconscious, bodies that drop to the floor disappear after a few seconds. Sure, unconscious people can't accidentally get killed, which was a problem inDeus Ex: Human Revolution, but this makesDeus Ex: The Falla lot less tactical as you don't need to drag bodies out of sight of patrols and cameras.The game allows only one save slot. This means you have to be careful when you save, but it also means you can't go back to a previous savegame if you discover you missed something or if you made a choice you regret.It also means you may want to switch off the autosave function in the game's options!You do get a Deus Ex game with basic Deus Ex gameplay and atmosphere. The story ties in toDeus Ex Human Revolutionwith plenty of references to that game.Deus Ex: The Fallisn't one of the greatest games ever but it's certainly enjoyable if you take it for what it is. It's a mobile port and it looks and feels like a lite-version ofDeus Ex: Human Revolution. If an indie company would have madeDeus Ex: The Fallas a tribute toDeus Ex: Human Revolution, it would get nothing but praise and love. But as it's made by the same company who publishedDeus Ex: Human Revolution, people's expectations were very high, maybe too high to be absolutely fair to the developers.Don't get me wrong. I understand people who are disappointed thatDeus Ex: The Fallis not as good asDeus Ex: Human Revolutionand who are disappointed that the series for whichDeus Ex: The Fallis just the first chapter, was never completed. And I understand that this disappointment results in a 'mostly negative' reputation on Steam. However, when it comes to rendering a verdict, I think it's important to judgeDeus Ex: The Fallfor what it is and not compared to what was (i.e.Deus Ex: Human Revolution) or what could have been (i.e. completion of the story ofDeus Ex: The Fall). From that standpoint, I did end up with an overall positive score forDeus Ex: The Fall.On Steam's extra featuresDeus Ex: The Fallhas 6 Steam Trading Cards. You'll get 3 while running the game.The 28 Steam Achievements aren't very challenging, except maybe the achievements for playing the game stealthily and one for which you need to gather 11,000 credits."
,Not Recommended,258180,9556205,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,MangoMango,"Whoever wrote this was clearly not the same team from DX:HR. YIKES this is bad; a massive yet dull and awful over-exposition at the start that tells you WAY too much of the story, over-intrusive tutorials, laggy laggy controls, 1990's poor quality animations all over the shop, a dumbed down interface, seriously those controls are awful.... the list goes on. Invisible War was better than this!This kind of rushed, sloppy cash-in ruins a franchise. Do Not Buy"
,Not Recommended,258180,9554514,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,[EK] alsenior,An absolutly Terrible mobile port. Wish i had not even bothered to Buy it
76561197996978823,Recommended,258180,10966446,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jane_Denton,"I'm a Deus Ex addict, love the series from the very start along with all the great mods that were created by talented gamers out there.  I bought this for $2.49 only because I wanted to know the story.  All the negative reviews people are writing about this game are true! LOL  It's buggy as sh*t!There are some serious bugs.  For example the sound cuts out during dialog, also during fights or during stealth moves which can cause you to get detected because you don't get the warning sounds, and so on basically the sounds can't be depended on.  Oh and there were some cut scenes where the dialog wasn't in text, and there was no audio so I had no clue what was said in that part of the story! Actually the dialog disappearing happened a lot so be prepared for a few huh?? moments! Whatever anyone else mentioned in the long list of negative reviews for bugs I'm sure they are well described by others who have played this game, so I won't repeat them.There are things also lacking you don't have full controls like you do in Human Revolution, this is a very scalled back version of controls obviously for a mobile device.  No lifting crates, and little details like that, etc.  Also you CAN'T remap keys.  HOWEVER GlovePIE works very well with this game and allows you to use whatever keyboard configuration you are most comfortable with.  I am a keyboard and mouse user, so I won't speak for the gamepad controls... I attempted to use my Logitech gamepad but meh... much preferred using the keyboard and mouse with GlovePIE running.For the one big positive that made it not a total loss .... I was enjoying the story line.  Kudos for the writing! I was getting into the story then BAM.. it ends! WTF?!?! It's only part 1, it doesn't say that in the overview anywhere I saw!?!?!  So you play through chapter 1 and then you get a stay tuned and the credits!  I was like WTF??!! I'm left wondering are they going to continue the story at all after the poor reviews and ratings this first part of the game had?  Would they continue the story line with a proper PC version and rebuild and repackage it like they did with DEHR Director's Cut?  Am I going to be forced to buy Part 2, Part 3 whatever and so on separately just to find out how the story ends?!?!  Hey will they just hand the addons to us poor suckers who bought this game in the first place?! LOLWell I'm left dangling at the edge of the unknown....BUY IT if you want a good story and will be satisfied without knowing how it ends! So I will recommend this game, because of the writing only... it's a good story line with interesting characters... and even though they cut the story off after the first chapter, leaving you hanging!DON'T BUY IT if you can't tolerate some obvious bugs and glitches...it wasn't designed for PC... so buy at your own discretion or not or just hold out for a whole new release designed for PC (if you believe in miracles).EDIT: Thought of this after I posted and thought it was worth noting.  There is a store in your inventory, they eliminated vendor people in this game!  Also Their is no limit of storage in your inventory!  Drawback to the inventory store is I couldn't find a way to sell items for quick cash, for items I needed.  Also I miss the fact that without vendors to interact with you are missing out on some flavour of additional characters, and the feature of people vendors had where you could sell them your excess crap to stock up on mods and supplies quickly.  So it's much harder to make money quickly and limited to what you find on the people you knock out, and that is stashed in corners, etc. With no limit in my inventory and all the extra crap I picked up I could have sold a tons of stuff to buy more of those energy bar things, or praxis.  Kind of a waste of a store without a sell feature."
76561198013026902,Not Recommended,258180,9557029,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,The Jaguar,"Meh!Let me start by saying that, yes, I knew this was a PC version of a game that was originally made for mobile/tablet so I lowered my expectations before even playing it.  I'm a huge fan of all three Deus Ex games (The Conspiracy, Human Revolution, and...yes, even Invisible War).  But seriously, Deus Ex: The Fall is just WEAK.  They did a crappy job porting it to PC -- you can't even re-map the keys for crying out loud!  I mean, really?!?  They ported it to PC, a platform where most of the players will be using a mouse and keyboard...and they didn't include the ability to re-map the keys?  Lame!  Not to mention that the game play is a severely dumbed down version (yes, I know it's a mobile port...but it's THAT bad) of Human Revolution's game mechanics.  The graphics look like it's a game from 1999.  Oh, and the game is buggy...If the game was $2.50 I might be less annoyed, but $10?!?  Jeez!  Ok, well, you get the idea.P.S. Oh, and one more thing: From the part I've played so far, the game seems to be based on the novel ""Deus Ex: The Icarus Effect"" by James Swallow.  So if you're like me and enjoy the storylines of the Deus Ex games as much as the gameplay, then you can spend your $10 on a really good book instead of this crappy game."
,Not Recommended,258180,9561030,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Polite People,"This so-called ""game"" is a terrible collection of all video game's flaws that ever existed, lazily packed in the most bleak and lackluster experience that cannot be called satisfactory under any circumstances.In other words this ""game"" is a steaming pile of horse apples. Avoid at all costs."
76561198029852280,Not Recommended,258180,9539755,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Valtheknight,"Preliminary Analysis Before the actual Review. (review available, scroll down.)Alright, in the hour or so that i have played the game there are already several problems with it. Namely with the controls and the somewhat buggy nature of the porting. Several of the games options are limited, some, like the Mouse Sensitivity. Seem to work in rather ""spaztic"" Patterns, being mostly unresponsive at times and then suddenly going all over the place. Keybindings cannot be modified, atleast not from the options menu, i need to take a look if there is an .INI-File that can be altered to improve some of these problems. FOV changes cannot be made in the options menu, which may cause some problems for people who are suffering from the seasickness like effect playing in too low FOV might cause.With these observations, in the first hour, i really cannot recommend this game yet. I need to play it through to make a proper review. I hope this brings to light some of the problems this game suffers from.Proper Review will follow...and now the review... (which is not really a review rather an extremely lengthy bug-report.)(which i had to redo, since Steam did not understand to open the screenshots in a different window.)Deus Ex: The Fall.Argh... This game.. While not a total pile of w*nk, it does not live to its name very well. This might be because of its shortness and buggy nature, which are the most notable things in the reviews on STEAM. While i did enjoy the game for what it was, a spinoff story add-on for DE:HR which ties in some of the characters from the first Deus Ex. It still felt.. Dissappointing. I know that that isn't the best of explanations, but let me try...As said in the Preliminary Analysis, the game is buggy as all hell. Although i suspect this being mostly due to the bad porting to PC, to make a note, i haven't played the IOS-Version, so i cannot say if the bugs were there from the beginning. This review just covers what i know and have seen during the one playthrough i did for this review. But after that derail..The bugs in this game are mostly centered around controls and graphics, both being equally noticable and annoying. Let's start with the graphical glitches.Multiple times i have seen the screen tear parts of the backround while the camera is in a certain angle, this being mostly prevelant during takedowns. Not being able to see stuff that falls onto the ground because they clip through and come invisible, i should recommend using the ""Object Highlights""-Option to make it better for you, although annoying, it shows the stuff you can interact with (mostly). Few times after loading a level, i had half of the options menu show up, i cannot properly explain it so..http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=239725541Control issues, ironically enough. Are mostly centered at the ""Full Mouse & Keyboard control scheme"". One of the said ""Pc Steamwork optimizations"", yes. i hope that you are reading this in the ironic tone it deserves, since it is just... GARGH!Mouse & Keyboard, (atleast by me) is not recommended. since the game has someform of dementia, when it comes to mouse sensitivity. It being unresponsive most of the time, but sometimes when you load in another level, it goes all over the place. Most notable bug that i had playing with the mouse, was that out of nowhere it would change the position of the character. Just like that, i ended up banging my head into walls more than i did when i tried on my granmas glasses when i was a kid.The camera just goes spaztic, pointing randomly in totally different directions than you were facing and unless you have proper reaction-time to notice that, it will result in cheap deaths.The game is somewhat playable with a 360-controller, i say somewhat since in doesn't work properly wth the hacking minigame, being extremely sensitive and going all over the place with the cursor. Oh and don't even ask how bad the hacking was with the mouse, it didn't even scroll the panel with it, nor the keyboard for that matter. The only way to scroll the oanel when hacking was to use the controller to pan the view and use the mouse press the buttons.... (I don't even...)""Adjusted Artificial intelligence"".. Basically meaning that they are in the middle-ground between Deus Ex and Human Revolution, being mostly oblivious unless you stand in their cone of vision for more than two seconds. And when they do see you.. they dont even come to find you in numbers, only single soldiers will randomly charge at you, with no warning. They just slide of cover whip past you and empty a shotgun into your rear.Those are mostly the things i see that are faulty and/or buggy and need fixing.Oh, and i did take a look at the installation folder. No settings files to speak of. Might be because the game runs in Unity-Engine, but people would like to have options for tweaking some of the controls.And above all those bugs & problems, the game is very short. My current playtime is about 7-Hours, but this is with one re-start, going non-lethal and exploring everything. Other people most likely will blast through it in about.. Hour and a half or less. And the thing that bugs me, is that its an episodic game. Which is explained nowhere on the store-page. EPISODIC, are you kidding ?I know that people are fans of TellTale the master if episodic content, but not everything needs to copy them... I'm now trying to remember any other good spinoff title that, although short felt rewarding at the end. I can only think of Duty Calls, the parody/demo-piece for Bulletstorm. And that is not the best of comparisons i know, but that is the only good one i can think of the top of my head.I would have been a lot happier with a full game and i'm sure that many other people would have been too.I think i have ranted enough, this is giving me a headache.The Fall can just keep falling, catch it on your own risk. Just make sure you have appropriate painkillers and liqour available.Oh i just remembered, the trading cards are taken from inside the game, The office one, is one of the screenshots in the store-page. So yeah.. LAZYNESS!!!"
76561198264283196,Not Recommended,258180,24191174,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,emma-a,"I never thought I'd give a negative review to a Deus Ex game but The Fall is terrible! I played Human Revolution first by accident, and all the flaws in The Fall have been fixed there so seeing things that are so familiar, but just don't work, is very disorienting. The Fall even looks incredibly like HR, but nothing works like it does in HR. Don't waste your time with The Fall, move straight on to the vastly superior Human Revolution!I'm going to just list the problems:- There are no separate save games!! Seriously, there is a single save and if it auto-saves after you saved manually, well, tough cookies for you.- One power cell that recharges - that's enough to take down a single person.- The inventory is a disaster - not only is it not an actual inventory with space allocation, your inventory shares space with a shop where you can just buy stuff, instead of finding it in the world. Very confusing and sometimes you pick up an item but it doesn't seem to be available in your inventory. One of the most thought-provoking things in Deus Ex was always figuring out what to keep and what to drop, to make the best use of your limited inventory space. A wrong choice spelled disaster. Being able to just buy anything, with apparently unlimited space, just sucks the fun out of the entire concept. It's a jumble of what you actually have and what you can buy.- Control allocation - I've been playing for 5 hours and I still have no idea how to access half the so-called shortcuts. The original Deus Ex introduced the easy-to-use 1 through 0 button allocation where you could drag weapons etc into the slots accordingly. If it ain't broke, don't fix it! They removed something that was incredibly simple to use and replaced it with confusing nonsense. Half the time I'm lucky to find the right gun.- Wow, the tutorials are appallingly bad. Not only are they delivered in this grim monotone, you get a single blurry picture to explain how to do whatever. In the beginning, the game actually freezes until you follow the instruction... if you can figure out what it actually wants you to do!- Whether you kill or knock unconscious, bodies disintegrate. No bodies to alarm guards that must be disposed of, they just disappear. Which is linked to the ridiculously bad AI which decides you've left the area, even if the guards saw you twenty seconds ago, hiding behind a wall.- You can't jump or throw things. Seriously, not at all. It sucks.- The zones are tiny and terrible which require multiple area transitions to get anywhere - not even exaggerating, at least 4 to go anywhere.- Hacking consoles (at least 80% of them) cannot zoom out correctly, so you can't hack it because you can't even see the nodes!- The character of Ben is just terrible, and Anna is actually worse. The story's thin and not remotely interesting.- Final nail in the coffin - took 7 hours to complete AND ended on 'To Be Continued'. What a waste of time.This game basically took everything that worked perfectly and threw it all out the window... and everything they changed gets changed back for Human Revolution, and then gets improved.I may as well finish it since I paid for it, but it is incredibly bad. Seriously, stop reading this and go play Human Revolution instead, it's really great."
,Not Recommended,258180,9632256,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Polizei!,I played this for an entire .. probably 6 minutes before I quit and uninstalled. Painfully ugly. Clunky. Nothing at all like the actual game. Painful.
,Not Recommended,258180,9575656,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Neon Musket,"Not RecommendedAs huge Deus Ex fan (way back since first game was released), I can't recommend this game. Please don't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t me and start saying this is a mobile game port so cut it some slack. NO!, they shouldn't have bothered porting it to begin with.This port is terrible, the gameplay is dull, the clicking in this game is awful (you have to click like 5-6 time on anything like menus, weapon store, etc... for the game to respond), just right when the story really starts getting interesting, a black screen pops up saying ""To Be Continued"". This is like a middle finger to Deus Ex fans from Eidos Montreal and their s**t hole of a publisher, Square Enix.Lol, the free verion of the original Deus Ex: GOTY Edition that you get if you've pre-ordered the game is a far better game than The Fall.I won't pay a single penny for the second part of the story, $10 for this crap ? seriously ??? why you didn't give this to Nixxes to work on it ? look at the awsome PC ports they did for Tomb Raider, and Deus Ex: HR"
,Recommended,258180,24239671,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Athywren,"Another game that I long put off buying because the mass of negative reviews, but which is actually a pretty good game.It isn'tthe bestgame - it has it's share of flaws - but it's good.It's a port of a mobile game, so it has all the clunky baggage that you'd expect-The graphics are not up to the same standard as Human Revolution's.The VOs are of varying quality, with only the main character's dialogue sounding natural with any consistency.The controls are substandard, lacking a jump function, the ability the remap keys, and with loose enough precision that attempting to pick up an object near a person is more likely to make them talk than pick up the object on the firstfewattempts. Trying to navigate the menus is probably the biggest problem, as most buttons require several clicks before they'll register your interest in seeing their menu's contentsThe game itself is very short for an FPS RPG; I completed it in about six hours, and I'm the sort of person who doesn't think speedrunners understand how to enjoy a game, so it's probably possible to complete it in half that time.If you're expecting a triple-A game, Deus Ex: Human Revolution 1.5, move along - this is not that.That said, and keeping it in mind, it really is a decent game.The story - which, admittedly, is only part 1 of an unknown number of parts, and which might never be continued - is fairly compelling. Unlike Adam Jenson, Ben Saxon - the main character in this game - finds himself embroiled in the struggle againstThe Conspiracy, not because he's seeking revenge against those who, he thinks, killed his ex, but because he came across an injustice that he was unwilling to walk past. Your first objective outside of the tutorial is basic cyberpunk grocery shopping- you're just trying to get adequate access to healthcare, to keep your body from rejecting its augmentations -and once you've done that, you have no compelling personal reason to keep fighting. In fact, you have a compelling personal reason not toin that you're in hiding, on the run from the Tyrants - the antagonist squad from DX:HR. The driving force behind getting involved beyond that point is just the protagonist's social conscience. I know we're living in an era when having a social conscience is seen by many as a sign that you're some kind of deviant, driven by prejudice against white people, or men, or the richest members of society, etc. but, personally, I find it admirable.The economy is slightly stripped down, in that you can't sell any of items in your inventory that you may not wish to use, restricting your balance to those credits found in the world or earned through missions, and you buy new items through a menu screen, rather than going to any particular shop. At the same time, it is also expanded in other ways, giving you a greater variety of weapons than you have in Human Revolution. To be fair, the new weapons are basically just reskins with altered stats, but they're different enough to justify their existence. There are also bundles available, giving you the ability to buy a number of items at a lower overall price. I'm pretty sure this is a result of the original version being a mobile app, but, while I'm not a fan of in-app purchases, I actually don't mind this when it's in-game money that you're spending.The inventory is entirely abstracted. As long as you have the credits, you can have every item in the game in your posession and not have to worry about space or weight requirements - what presence the inventory has is in the in-game store, reduced to an item being owned or available for purchase, and number of owned consumables. The RPGer in me finds that irritating, because, while I don't mind the idea that you couldownall of them and keep them somewhere secure, I'm not wild on the idea that you'd be able to carry your entire arsenal with you everywhere you go.The actual gameplay is pretty decent. The levels are pretty easily navigable, and have several available paths around them, allowing for frontal assaults, stealth, or hit and run tactics in combat zones. Gunplay feels fine for my play style, although seemingly restricted to reticle aiming, with the ability to aim down the sights being limited to scoped weapons. Hacking is essentially the same as in Human Revolution. AI isn't perfect, but enemies are reasonably smart, backing away from grenades, moving to flank you when they're alerted to your position.If you buy this expecting a triple-A experience, you will be disappointed, but, as mobile games go, this is a good one. It's worth playing."
,Not Recommended,258180,9565896,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,muster128,"The game is fairly broken. Most of your clicks won't really register when firing a weapon or selecting something. Thatmightget patched later on. There are also some clipping issues, and I have even fallen through the floor once.Other than that, the game looks really ugly for a PC game. The animations are really amateur at best. Worst of all are the characrer models. While Ben and some other major NPC models look okay, the citizen models somehow look even worse than the character models in the original Deus Ex, which was released 14 years ago. Their eyes are really wide open, and most of them don't really have lip-syncing, so their jaws just kinda move up and down. On the upside, the game runs at a pretty astounding framerate.Keys cannot be rebinded. Seriously, why do developers still think it is okay to not have rebindable keys?You also cannot jump. You can only vault over objects when the game lets you. I'll admit, it actually is kind of a nice feature, but it doesn't justify not being able to jump.The tutorial treats you like a complete idiot as well. Those looking for the typical Deus Ex experience are going to find it dumbed down to the point where inventory management is no issue, since you can buy stuff at any time for in-game money.The story is still okay. It's a pretty much what you would expect. It works pretty much like in Human Revolution, where you could take side-quests along with the main objective. One part I sort of liked was a side-quest wherea cop wants you to rat out a fellow doctor who was helping you out. You can go ahead and do that, or you can warn the doctor that the cops are after him.I don't think this has any sort of consequences yet, but it was a nice moment nonetheless.As far as gameplay, the maps are really small with lots of loading segments. There is still some good level design, like using vents to get around enemies, so if you can get past everything else being rubbish, you might still squeeze out a little enjoyment. However, people who choose to kill rather than render unconcious are going to find themselves at an extreme disadvantage. Bodies sort of ""evaporate"" after being on the ground for a few seconds. Since KO-ing people gives more experience, and they will go away anyway, the only reason to use lethal takedowns is to see those cool looking armblades. Human Revolution had this problem as well, but it was less so of a problem since enemies could revive unconcious enemies.The game is still going to be updated with more story, since it currently ends on a cliffhanger. Realize that if you buy it now, you'll still have to wait for the full game.Only buy this if you really, really, really want more from the Deus Ex universe."
76561197979414869,Recommended,258180,29488966,Posted: 25 January,all,Kapten Zoom,"Is it a terrible port? Yes!Is it a really bad example of what the game engine is capable of? Yes!Is the story shallow and makes little sense in general? Yes!Did I still enjoy playing through this very short interlude of a Deus Ex game? You bet! Thumbs up then.Don't pay too much for it though. I bought it for 2 €, which I feel is a reasonable price."
,Not Recommended,258180,9568901,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Delta V,"Awful, awful port of a sub par game.This is a bigger blight on the series than Invisible War; if you're a DX fan, avoid it like the plague."
76561197989789822,Not Recommended,258180,29610525,Posted: 31 January,all,Clockwork Onion,Cover shooter. Strange feeling for movement and controls. Feels like a cover shooter from at least a decade ago. Personal advise is to skip this title.
,Not Recommended,258180,9556660,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Crowbarman,"If you liked the deus ex games and do not want your view of them to be ruined do not purchase this. The lack of pc options is terrible, the controls feel lackluster, there is no way to change keybinds, the only graphics options you can change is the anti aliasing and the resolution. The story and charachters all feel dull and robotic. The amount of pop ups is ridiculous. Invisible walls block your progress until the game decides it wants you to go somewhere. The in game store ruins any sense of challenge. Steer clear of this game!"
,Not Recommended,258180,16298225,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ErbanVision,"OK so the Title OF THE Game says it all ""Deus ex: The Fall""This one hell of a fall for a franchise.This make Deus Ex: Invisible Wars seem like a masterpiece.Eidos montreal put your %#$% togetherLet's hope that Mankind Divided is a lot better that this.This a unaceptable PC port by N-Fusion Interactive.2.5/10  Verdict: Deus Ex for DumiesSpoiler!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ALERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!PS: Did I mention that the game is not finish there supose to be a PART 2 and it's probably never coming out.Will update review if or when part 2 is released."
,Not Recommended,258180,25616490,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,T.K. -holf-,"not optimized for PC, horrible controls,buggy and an example of how NOT to port a mobile game to PC.dont buy it on steam rather go buy it on ios/andriod devices if you want to play it, not worth paying for on PC rather buy deus 1/iw or deus ex hr."
76561198055505389,Not Recommended,258180,35077216,Posted: 19 September,all,zachattack,"Warning. This is only part 1 of an episodic game and as far as i can tell, development has been discontinued."
,Not Recommended,258180,9565855,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,seantitmarsh,"I have more than 200 hours in the various deus ex games. I have and have finished Human revolution and all it's DLC many many times. I love Deus ex, and bought the Fall based on the deus ex name.Don't make the same mistake I did.Terrible textures, buggy animations, terrible moddeling, the crouch button has to be held as it won't toggle. Ammo can be freely bought in the store, which was obviously a microtransaction shop in the mobile game.Do not buy this game. Go buy the original or Human revolution. Do not buy Deus Ex: The Fall."
,Not Recommended,258180,9611308,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Dustpan,"Possibly the most patronisingly easy game I've ever played. This is without a doubt due to it being originally only on iOS devices, but now that it is on PC, it is now exempt from such considerations and has to be judged on its own merits. Things don't look too good.Combat is almost a direct port of what was in Human Revolution, although much stiffer. There is no jump button, and no separate zoom button, you must now hold down the fire button to zoom in, letting go to fire off a shot. Selecting which grenade you want can be a bit of a hassle, where you are required to press in the mouse wheel and scroll down to whatever you want while still holding down the wheel. Not exactly comfortable.I made my way through the game without killing anyone, just using the stun gun and non-lethal takedowns. The only time I used any other primary weapon was when I bought a crossbow to use in the last room of the game. I bought this through a disembodied store which you can access at any time through the menu. There are no in-world merchants.There are only a handful of character models in the game that look good, including the main character. The rest look like claymations, both in texture and movement. Most of the music is reused from Human Revolution, so it's still great, but there is nothing really new here.The only real positive aspects of the game are it's environments, which look fantastic, and the story, which adds quite a bit to the lore of Deus Ex. That's it.Deus Ex: The Fall is short, took me 5 hours to complete it, including all of the side-quests. And the game ends on a cliffhanger with the promise of continuation through DLC. Only play this if you want to learn more of the world of Deus Ex, otherwise avoid it."
76561197972587707,Not Recommended,258180,9558903,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,topsideolive669,"Has possibilities but just WAY too many bugs from sound dropping out, menu keys not working, your character freezing, enemies dying / reacting to gun shots upto 5 seconds after they have been hit. And where is the jump key? Does it have one? Big dissapointment and a waste of $10."
76561197995410242,Not Recommended,258180,9560042,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,basse,"This is the one of the worse ports ive ever seen. the worse 10 euro ive spent this year. Only good thing i can say about it is, i got the orginal deus ex with this.When you shoot a gun the screen bounces back and forth, this is the game recoil system. mouse clicks dosent always register so you need to hold mouse button all time while shooting. There are glitches, clipping issues and other things i can write about for hours. textures are ugly as well. I gave up on this after 8min and would rather replay deus ex 1 and human revolution again then playing this. dont get this on pc."
,Not Recommended,258180,9557063,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,The Queg,"I was so excited to see a new Deus Ex title but I have had my hopes crushed into the ground, excreted and urinated and vomitted upon then kicked to death by this abhorrent piece of garbage that has no redeeming features whatsoever. Makes Takedown Brown Sabre look like an AAA title.  Nice going programmers, way to kill a franchise"
76561198032636803,Not Recommended,258180,9559942,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,malakar,"Horrible textures, bad UI, mouse accelleration problems...buy something else.In general it's just a bad mobile port."
,Not Recommended,258180,28289032,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,✪ HayWeeME [h+],"♥♥♥♥♥port weak gameplay, linear story....tbh should have stuck with mobile phones and never came to pc."
,Not Recommended,258180,9558672,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Dinozzo,"Right so here we have a new game in the Dues Ex franchise. I thought: Awesome! I love Deus Ex! but after playing I felt hugely let down.What’s wrong?While Deus Ex: Human Revolution ran in the unreal engine, Deus Ex: The Fall runs on the Unity engine.You notice this straight away with the in game cinematic, models are lower resolution and that’s just the start of the problems I've noticed. You have a tutorial in game. but when I got my first aug upgrade kit I went straight away for cloaking. the next minute I came up to a laser detection gate. and it fired off a mandatory tutorial thingy. telling me to buy the cloak. Ok... I already bought it. and I don't have any more kits for it... how do I leave this tutorial BS or turn it off? answer: You can’t. and to ALT+F4 out to start a new game.another run through, bought plenty of ammo, then at a point prior to the laser gates I encountered my first patrol bot. up came a tutorial on how to buy an EMP grenade. 1 grenade, 250 credits. I only had 100. couldn't buy the damn emp grenade. how did I get out of these stupid tutorials? Oh right ALT+F4.More technical problemsOk so game play is♥♥♥♥♥♥when you can’t turn off the Tutorials. Mind you this isn't the first Deus Ex Game I've played and not much has changed apart from being able to buy equipment in mission. But here are the bugs in the game.Sound:Half of the time the game assets aren't loaded. so the sound of a hostile screaming bloody fire and murder doesn't play. only indication that you've been detected is that little ""detected"" notice that pops up in the lower left of the screen. something where you aren't even focused on.Likewise weapon reports don't play. bug honking SMG firing. 30 grounds in the mag. Did a Mag dump to see when the game would pick up the slack. only heard gunshots for the last 5. Now you'd think that: ""Ok It finally loaded the gun sound assets, now I should hear a gunshot on the first shot of the new mag"" That’s a big fat ""NO"" again it wouldn't play the sound on the second mag dump except for the last 5.movement:if you are familiar with Deus Ex, any Deus Ex then you just know how much you'll be using your leg wagon to cart your rear end around in the world. Deus Ex: The Fall is no different. But moving around is often jittery like you’re playing multiplayer and there is a tiny intermittent lag spike. Not enough to cause real problems but it’s annoying enough to get on your nerves. walking forward for a bit and then you jump a tiny bit ahead while moving as your connection to the server picks back up and the server says ""No you aren't at Coordinate 214X663 you are at 218X663."" Yep enough to be annoying, not enough to be a serious problem. Well actually it is a problem as I can’t begin the count the amount of times I move a little bit too far and out of cover just enough for NPC's to spot me while doing stealth. or that one mine you need to disarm.look and feel:I was impressed with Deus Ex Human Revolution, how realistic it all looked and high detail. I had hoped that Deus Ex: The Fall would be up to par but even that you can’t expect from this game. I don't know why they choose to start using Unity instead of the faithful Unreal Engine. but the results are apparent. So far it looks to me that Deus Ex: The Fall plays like a 480P game instead of the 1080P experience we got from Human Revolution.Recommendation for others interested in buying this game:I love Deus Ex, any Deus Ex. And I bought it for that reason. But if I could get my 10 euro's back from steam I would have asked for that Refund. This game plays more like a playable Early access instead of a full game with all the problems it has.Final Recommendation: Don't Buy It!"
,Not Recommended,258180,9557288,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Lorien,"This thing feels less good than a mod everyting is less responsive than with Deus Ex: revolution. but so far the story seems ok.If you want more story ok, but for a gameplay trill stay away from this one."
,Not Recommended,258180,9557139,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Auretus,"Can I get my money back? This game is terrible in every way. The graphics are awful, the controls are only minimally functional--and not remappable--the framerates are janky even on a very high-spec machine (i5 3570K, 24GB DDR3-1600 RAM, Geforce GTX 780), and the voice acting ranges from bad to painful. This is a very bad game, and I wish I hadn't bought it."
76561197995889392,Not Recommended,258180,9557089,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,A.C.C. InYoFace!!!,"I am a huge fan of the deus ex series when the game originally came out in 2001-2002, Since then i have been a loyal fan following the series right up till Deus Ex Human Revolution which i thought was a great come back for the series. So i thought the fall would keep that legacy going but alas its the worst game i have played in years! There are so many bugs i cannot begin to imagine, inventory system which is completely useless and unrealisitc. Combat system is even worse, a headshot isn't even a headshot, you have to kill them three times before they die in the head which makes no sense to me. One time i died because i crouched and tried to take an item and i fell through the map! When this australian character goes for cover, you can see still him over the cover, AI is just plain stupid! There is so much i want to say as a fan of the series, i think they need to apologize to the fans for making such a waste of a game, and make whatever dlcs they dare bring out for this game free to us."
,Not Recommended,258180,34826470,Posted: 8 September,all,Lelfro,Feel the great experience of Deus Ex: Human Revolution as if it was a 2005 demo!
,Recommended,258180,25361027,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,"God, owner of the Universe","THIS GAME SCORES [0 1 | *2* 3] = ~62% (50%-75%)This is a weak recommendation coming from someone who loves the Deus Ex franchise.You will get more exposure to the story around Deus Ex: Human Revolution (e.g. regarding the mercenaries). You can do stealthing, shooting, exploring the small world. The many weapons are supposedly interesting, but my one play-through was pacifist and used as little resources as possible, so I can't say from my own experience.That this was a mistake was surprisingly revealed to me after the 9 hours it took me to complete the game (HTLBsays 5-8 hours; I'm a passionate DX-player and therefore explore instead of focusing on the pursuit of the next goal). Just when I thought ""Ok, now the story will gain momentum."", that was actually the end. A very disappointing moment.The game has very low FOV, but this can supposedly befixedwith an external program.I liked the story, the character I was playing, and the experience overall even though it is seriously reduced from regular Deus Ex. I'm saying if you get the €10 game at a discount, fix the FOV, and reduce your Deus-Expectations, you will have a good time, it will be an enrichment of your accumulated DX franchise experiences. Therefore it's a recommendation.METASo, what about my new policy to thumbs-down anything, no matter how good it is, if the devs failed theFOV, like I did with DX:MD which deserves a 4of4 score? Well, the game is older (2014), and I didn't plan on retroactively changing my judgment based on my new policy.But most of all, I try to say the things that matter / things that have not been said (enough). This game has massively negative reviews,much(!)more negative than I believe it deserves.DX:MD will probably eventually reach ""mostly positive"" status once the bugs have been worked out, the relevance of the preorder bonusfraud(That's what it is.) has faded, and people have understood that DX:MD's built-in main-menu micro-transaction store for praxis kits, ammunition, etc. is something they won't need at all. Though I must say that the scarcity of crafting parts makes mequite a bitsuspicious. This isn't alleviated by the fact that one of the DLCs (The ""Tactical Pack"", which is also part of the ""Season Pass"".) brings a new augmentation that allows to break down weapons into parts (e.g. 50 for a 10mm pistol). DX:MD will become a ""mostly positive""ly reviewed game, so I raise my voice with a thumbs down becausehow can they still not know how the primary interface works?That deserves punishment.DX:TF is stuck in the negatives, so if I want to contribute to the overall voices, my focus must be on the proper value, not on the (otherwise quite important) super baffling idiotic ignorance of the developers in regards to screen sizes / viewing distances. So, DX:MD thumbs-down, DX:TF thumbs-up. Sue me."
,Recommended,258180,9902147,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Red,"In all honesty I enjoyed this game just because of the awesomeness that is the Deus Ex universe, however there are some things to note, it's an episodic game so it leaves off sort of abruptly, but really that's not that big of an issue the main things that need to be redone for this to score higher is the sound synchronization and some fps issues with tricky workarounds. Overall it runs ok, but not great or to the standards of a DX game in my opinion. I would definetly rate it much higher however after patches and fixes, but still it is just a tablet port so for that it's kinda decent. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,258180,9593391,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Mr.Hell,"What can I say about Deus Ex: The Fall. I wouldn't recommend this game to any Deus Ex fans here or any other player because it's really bad and incompleted thing.First of all you can't rebind the controls, the game just shows you the list of buttons and no other option.You can't jump or run in this game. At all.Enemy AI is poor and weird. In most situations enemies will stop searching for you even if you killed any of them 10 seconds before or so.There is no difficulty option too which means almost no challenge in game besides a pacifist way.But most importantly, the whole game seems unfinished. Even the ending and final cutscene tell you that there supposed to be more content but the game ends after that. I have no idea why that happens or what that supposed to mean.Try to avoid this game at all cost. Save your money and buy something else.  3 out of 10."
76561198314727247,Not Recommended,258180,24226313,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,HerrKaputt,People are right to call this game Deus Ex: The Fail. The game needs some working on.
,Not Recommended,258180,30157329,Posted: 24 February,all,WardDragon,"This was originally a tablet/phone game and it shows.  The cutscenes stutter a bit and the controls don't always respond correctly.  The gameplay is also very simple compared to the main games.  The only reason to play this is if you are really into the Deus Ex storyline and you don't want to miss anything.This game has the same characters from the book The Icarus Effect and it picks up where that book left off (it retells a few key events from the book and then the characters start a somewhat new storyline).  However, the game is only a few hours long, not much really happens in the way of plot development, and then the game ends with ""To Be Continued..."" and a promise that more content will be added later.I don't regret playing it because it was interesting enough to justify the time I spent playing it, but I think it will only be satisfying for completionists who want to see everything story-related that takes place in the Deus Ex universe."
76561198093538660,Not Recommended,258180,25672148,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,lousfaki,"Mobile game ported to pc, stay away rly messed up, crap square enix policies, heard they meshed up mankind divided with microtransactions too."
,Not Recommended,258180,21088395,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,VisageOfAnAngel,"I've been a fan of the Deus Ex franchise since the box art for the original game caught my eye some 15 years ago.  I pushed through Invisible War and thoroughly enjoyed Human Revolution.  I knew The Fall was an iOS port and tried to take that into consideration, but that excuse can only stretch so far.The tragedy of this game is that it's episodic--Steam makes no mention of this--and development has seemingly ceased on the next episode.  For an episodic game that original came out in July of 2013 to have no mention of when the next episode is due is unacceptable.  The developer's website for the game leads to a 404 andDeusEx.comhas removed all mention of The Fall.  How Steam can sell a cancelled game is beyond me.There's been no up-scaling of any of the 3D assets for the PC port at all.  The character models themselves, while angular, do not look terrible.  The buildings of Panama have a brutalist architecture vibe which fits well with the game's themes and low poly requirements.  The scenery pieces (e.g. rubbish bins, vending machines, fences) needed to be freshened up for a PC release.Music and sound design in the game is perfect and takes many cues from Human Revolution.The GUI is atrocious in it's overly large icons designed for a touch interface.   The worst aspect of it is your inventory; gone are the days of managing what you carry.  You can have every weapon and item in the game (though only assign a set amount to quick keys) magically appear in your hands just by clicking ""buy"" from the store.There's an incredibly annoying glitch were being in cover while using a takedown will randomly result in your character being unable to move.  This happened about once an hour for me.  How this got past QA in what is a stealth title baffles me."
76561198257760561,Recommended,258180,24220943,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Demishrike,"If you enjoy Deus Ex you will enjoy this game.  Yes it does seem to have a few glitches and the graphics quality is not 100 %; e.g. some parts look good others look like bocks of colour, (but maybe that is my system).   Most disapointing to find out how short the game is, so be prepared for that; I just got into it and it ended.  I bought it as part of the bundel so didn't mind it being too short."
76561198166989429,Not Recommended,258180,23901437,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,AshesofCynder,"I'm new to the seires so I dont have as much background as others but I do have fresh eyes.1) This game is insanely short (despite 5 hours of gameplay). Had the game been longer I would've reccomended it.2) Gameplay is very good in there being multiple ways to do things, I pretty much always chose stealth approach and finfing backways. The robots however are insaenly overpowered, the only one I was able to kill was only because I spent about 15 minutes dodging bullets and firing bullets that did almost nothing. The shooting itself was very smooth but the guns didn't do a lot of damage, even with low level enemies it'd still take two shotgun blasts to the face usually.3) Visuals were amazing (ignoring some odd polygons on locals that made their faces look so round they could be fruit while others were completely unaffected) and it definetly has the strong cyberpunk atmosphere it was going for.4) Characters we really didn't see much of, I can barely tell you anything past the short backstory debriefings.5) All the weapon upgrades are pointless, don't bother. It's difficult to get enough credits to buy one gun let alone the whole stock and the shop is useless because the game is so short there's no time to save up for let alone use the gun or weapon selection. I wasn't even able to buy half the aug upgrades the game was so short.Overall, had the game been longer it would've been amazing. But because of it's short length a lot of the game was rendered utterly useless. I only reccomend buying if it's on a really good sale just to try it out, otherwise it really is just that much of a waste of time."
,Not Recommended,258180,25085502,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Thompsolonian,Kind of dissapointed in how short the game was. I thought it would go on for more than just the first act..will there be more? Or are you cutting it short for mankind divided?
76561197981695459,Not Recommended,258180,9564603,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,10538,"What a dreadful retro-hash of the DE franchise. This feels like travelling back 10 years in the game's handling. The plot is contrived and the plot,as far as I got in the game before ditching it, was pretty tedious, Save your pennies by waiting for something better from another franchise. It won't be hard to improve on."
,Not Recommended,258180,9566577,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Max Heckler,"The quality of this game is abysmal in all regards, and even die-hard Deus Ex fans will not find it worth their time and money.To get the superficial out of the way first,bear in mind that this is a port of a mobile game for iOS and Android, done in the Unity engine. As such, obviously there will be some shortcomings graphically; models and textures tend to be half-hearted and look like they came from the PS2 era. There isn't much polish, but the Human Revolution visual style is intact and still going strong, so I can't fault the game too much here. From a technical stand point, I expected much better, but graphics aren't everything.First big problem? No mouse support. Ok, yes, there is mouse input, but when you play this, you will quickly realize that almost nothing has been reprogrammed here; the game simply simulates the touch screen input, which leaves you with no real solid control, awkward angles, and it doesn't even properly simulate shooting, as it treats clicking the mouse as holding down on the screen. This makes the controls untenable.The story is similarly neutered. Don't get the idea that this is a prequel to Deus Ex: Human Revolution, because that was already covered in the Deus Ex novel ""The Icarus Effect"", which covers all the stuff you would reasonably want story-wise. Not only that, but what the game does adapt from the novel is neutered to a laughable extent (particularly sad, because the novel had some fairly awesome scenes to borrow from). No fighting Gunther Hermann, no giving Barrett his scars. Just walking around, a single conversation, and then leaving.And the gameplay... The ""recoil"" is insane. In that the recoil is to simply zoom the screen in and out in the most visually-distracting manner possible, to the poitn where some ""bigger"" weapons almost clip with the models. The stealth technically works, as the cover system and AI are still somewhat intact, but I'm going to be frank; this isn't enough to justify this game. No movable objects, not much in the way of exploration, tiny, compact levels... Also, no rebinding controls at all, everything is entirely fixed to a (difficult to read) text screen. I can barely tell what is pointing where on it.Like I said. I will grant certain things. The small levels, for example. Limitation of mobile devices, kinda hard to fix. The graphics should have been overhauled, but again, superficial. But there has been no effort here to reasonably adapt this game to anything NEAR what we would expect from PC games. In the Unity engine, too. This game came out a year after the original mobile game, there was time to fix the controls. I have been a huge Deus Ex fan, but this does not do the series justice at all.In short? Don't call Invisible War the worst Deus Ex game ever anymore; that title has been now claimed by Deus Ex: The Fall."
76561198045717508,Not Recommended,258180,17869376,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Dremaus1911,all i have to say is its crap
76561198017050373,Not Recommended,258180,9557120,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Shelshoq,I Like it...but it is NOT Dues ex....not yet anyway.
,Not Recommended,258180,29789637,Posted: 8 February,all,Nic0l0,"To fans of the series, this game basically doesn't exist. For reasons. Obvious reasons. Its story doesn't seem essential for the DX-timeline at all, but it ain't bad tho... Still, avoid to buy, rather watch a trashy Let's Play of it and enjoy yourself about the guy who actually bought it."
,Not Recommended,258180,9563439,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Deussos,"So as it turns out this is ported to PC from iOS, and Android. This is a mobile game. I wish I had realised this BEFORE I bought the game. I was excited and bought it since I love Deus Ex: Human Revolution and thought this would be similar.It's not.Graphics suck and everything is poorly textured, the game and character handles very clumsily, and the even though it looks kinda like Human Revolution, it feels and handles like some game I used to play on PS1.Also NPC textures and animations are very bland. almost non-existent. They kinda are there but they really aren't there. Although the screenshots and cinematics look nice, the actual enemies look like hastily made wax figures.Can't really say much more because I played this game for less than an hour and it was enough for me. Horrible.Overall ugly, buggy, and clumsy game that shouldn't even be played on mobile devices in my opinion.Total waste of your money.DO-NOT-BUY-IT.Buy something else.EDIT:If you don't believe me and / or simply need more proof than my word, I recommend watching TotalBiscuit's review on this game, on YouTube.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEpfTfgzWp0"
76561198004808660,Not Recommended,258180,9559166,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Jokan,"No customizable binds is an unholy sin right out of the gate. The voiceovers are lackluster and most of the accents are noticeably forced and fake. The writing is mediocre at best, the script is in dire need of an editor to add some narrative and not just exposition for its own sake.The gameplay is par for par same mechanics as Human Revolution but the in-inventory purchasing reeks of laziness, not to mention it makes no practical sense. As usual the aesthetics are gorgeous if somewhat buggy here and there. Facial expressions are mostly emotionless and cutscenes models have that subtle sickening jerk to them like their limbs are taut rubberbands.Despite all this, it wouldn't be half bad but for the non customizable keybinds. What in the hell was the rush? All this time was taken to introduce these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t unskippable tutorial popup menus in some vapid attempt to not lose someone who may not be familiar with the series' mechanics and then you don't give them free range of keybinds in an ostensible action RPG?This game reeks of the typical Square Enix approach to every game it regurgitates. Gorgeous visuals that play like♥♥♥♥♥with writing that is reminiscient of tween anime crossover fanfiction. Which is a shame given the setting."
,Not Recommended,258180,9558975,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Challah Bread,"Adding to the already long list of people who ordered this without reading the forums, I too believe you should wait for a sale on this one. On the Humble Store page, it lists this as DRM-free with a Steam code so you know a sale is gonna happen eventually. Square's been porting some of their games to the PC with only few problems so I assumed this would either be as flawed or better because the game's relatively new. Nope. It's a mess. On the bright side, the achievement system is broken and easily manipulated in such a way that it actually feels like you're humiliating the game. As for everything else... eh. It's buggy, the map designs are boring, you can't jump, the quickslot controls are terrible and the story is basically just stretching the novel, ""Icarus Effect,"" which is better imo.Here's another bad example: They left the touch-screen microtransaction buttons in there but took out the functionality. And you know it's a sign of more dangers to come. Seriously, it was bad news when they said they were making an iOS game for this series and when you see those microtransaction ""buy now"" buttons, you can't help but fear for Deus Ex Universe. Playing this game is a warning that, sadly, it's going to get much worse for Deus Ex. They did it with Hitman and Thief. This is next.Deus Ex: The Fall, if it worked and looked (oh god those models) perfectly, would be a solid $6.99 purchase. $10 for an unfinished port? I never asked f-- god, I'm sorry I almost said that joke. That was awful of me..."
,Not Recommended,258180,9563012,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,NightCrawler,"I am really disappointed in Deus Ex The Fall and Square Enix should be totally ashamed to have put out this product into the Deus Ex Community.   It should have stayed as a mobile game, if it could not have been ported over to more playable game for the PC, for which in its current state is not.  I hope Square Enix fixes the glaring problems in this game for which would make it more enjoyable for a Community that loves this franchise.I have not completed this game yet, but these are the problems that I have discovered in this game that needs fixing NOW.  (1) Save system needs attention.  Basically make it like what Human Revolution had, a system for which you can Save in Steps, over just to ""Continue"" on from your last game play.  (2) The Keyboard/Mouse Option Needs Re-worked.  Currently you are stuck with what the developers made ""for you"".  Make it where the Keyboard and Mouse controls are configurable to a players needs.  Basically if a player does not like the W, A, S, D movement keys and prefers say a T, F, G, H config make the controls able to accomplish that.  And what I personally don't like is the mouse configuration.  There is absolutely NO Thumb Button support!  Make it that the mouse' thumb buttons can be configured to a command.  (3)  Many Sound Glitches (this has been addressed many times before me) where the voices or game sounds completely disappear, but does come back a little later.Those are the Three Basic Problems for this game in its current state, I know there are much more by the other comments I have read, but the 3 above would make the game more enjoyable for me to personally play.  But I have been playing and purchasing PC games since 1988 and in my own personal opinion the price of $9.99 is not that bad for this experience.  I have paid over $50 for games that had these same basic problems, but the developer fixed them and finally made them playable for the PC Community.  Hopefully Square Enix will fix this game."
,Recommended,258180,10079334,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Bionicman,"It sets out to bring the Deus Ex experience to the IOS market, and succeeded in doing that. That is, it succeeded in bringing a very small, cut down, simplified version of the Deus Ex experience that lasts 5-6 hours and consists of a tutorial, a lengthy chat with your friend, and ONE hub area.Visually, I think the only upgrades provided for the port are MSAA and resolution selection. With the tablet-optimized graphics, you could set the resolution to 640x480 and fool yourself into thinking you're playing a PS2 game with some bloom and some Doom-3-on-Xbox-quality per-pixel lighting on Ben Saxon's face. It apparently runs on Unity as well.Story-wise, it's ok until the end. Not nearly on the level of even Invisible War, the previous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of the series, but passable... until it just abruptly ends with a cliffhanger for a sequel/episode 2 that may or may not even happen, with no main-quest plot threads tied up whatsoever. Oh, and as an added bonus, nothing you do with your augmentations or weapons in the prologue carries over to the rest of the game, so save your credits!Control-wise, it's a mess. In porting, the developers decided not to bother with customization support, so you're stuck with the defaults. Admittedly, its defaults do line up with a lot of other games' default controls. Mouse sensitivity is the biggest offender here, as vertical and horizontal are not in sync with each other (with no separate control option) and mouse smoothing is most certainly in effect.Hate in-app purchases? Guess what- they're still here! Near as I can tell they're in-game money only now, which is far less awful, but it's also the only way to acquire equipment that isn't laying around. Need credits? They're everywhere, and you can even get some just by offing civilians. Just don't expect to know how much a weapon upgrade costs unless you have enough money to afford it AND start the buying process, as it won't tell you otherwise.Overall, it's... ok. Something to pick up and rush through when it's on sale, but nothing great. Hell, for better value, you could instead just pick up The Missing Link DLC for Human Revolution or play Deus Ex: Nihilum, which give you more of a proper Deus Ex feel with a much better cost-value ratio."
,Recommended,258180,17430417,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,iN008,"Does Deus Ex: The Fall deserve all the hate? My answer; yes and no.On some things I have to agree, bugs ever present, gameplay a husk compared to Human Revolution. Those aside, it was still enjoyable, albeit lacking the amount of depth and content HR had, but what were people expecting from an iOS port. I myself never expected the graphics to be stellar, all I've ever cared about when it comes to ports is optimisation, and frankly The Fall ticks that box, running flawlessly minus a few minor bugs; never experienced lag nor any crashes whilst playing.As a game itself I'd argue it is one of the weaker entries to the franchise, but it's decent enough to warrant at least a single playthrough. The story continues from where the Icarus Effect novel left off, as such you may be confused going in without having read it. Seeing as the game ends on a cliff-hanger it can be assumed a sequel was planned, up until the massive backlash and as such, it's unlikely we'll see the end of Ben and Anna's story. I'd recommend against buying at full price, buy on sale instead if you're considering it."
,Not Recommended,258180,9556428,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,yeeeaaaahhhh braaaaahhhhhh,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtDKpzAwb-I&feature=youtu.beQuality game.(Avoid like the plauge even if you're a deus ex fan)
,Recommended,258180,10616904,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,chompmonster,"It's not awful, but it's also not amazing - the gameplay was very much designed for a phone or tablet, not a keyboard and mouse, and unless you have an irrational aversion to playing games on something other than a PC I'd suggest looking there for a much smoother experience with this title. For a cheap Deus Ex-like experience with the decent-to-high-quality writing and story telling and good-to-very-mediocre voice acting you expect from the Deus Ex series this is worth $5.There's no word as of yet on when part two will be released, or if it ever will be--I've contacted the developers about this and they've remained tight-lipped which doesn't bode well for the future of the game."
,Not Recommended,258180,11314034,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Rassmoosen,this game does not let me jump.i want to jump.why wont they let me jump?
,Not Recommended,258180,9623027,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,[R] vv211,"TL;DR at bottom--Cons--No re-bindable keys, constant popups, no jump ability, low quality models and low resolution textures. When you pick up a pocket secretary it immediately opens it up to read it. Very poor voice acting, and quite buggy (most times it takes multiple mouse clicks to select an option/item etc.). I tried skipping the first cutscene by pressing the spacebar, it paused the cutscene but showed no indication that it had paused other than everything stopping, so I assumed the game process had hung. Also, there is no ability to look down your iron sights.The ""ability"" to buy any inventory item from the menu, using credits earned in the game, makes it far too easy. And speaking of the menu, the layout for the menu is still heavily optimized for a mobile platform. It feels as though the only thing they may have changed in the game when porting to the PC are those explicitly pointed out in the game description. It plays like a game developed in the late '90s.--Pros--You can scale some cover----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I should have read description more thoroughly; when I first saw another installment of the Deus Ex game available, I jumped on the offer for it, and quickly scanning through it's description I missed that it was simply a port from a mobile version.I'll play some more of it to get the trading cards, since I've wasted my money on it. But once I have the free drops I'm uninstalling and never touching this game again.TLDR;Terrible experience for a PC game, especially considering how powerful PCs are today; do not buy."
,Not Recommended,258180,9579921,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,JamesInDigital,"This does not make the transition from mobile well... it's a direct port, with UI issues and gameplay issues. While it generally fits the Human Revolution aesthetic, it receives no upgrades from it's low-poly, technically low-res origins. Not worth the $9.99 unfortunately."
76561197979604060,Not Recommended,258180,9576659,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,marloc,"This game is a short one. The game mechanics are just like the other deus ex game. You will need to use tactics and that sort of stuff. Or.... you can just brute force your way in. Just as you like it. But the game says to be continued. i say wait some more before buying this game. I cleared it in 6 hours, and i wasn't even rushing. It's fun, but the game look incomplete. Wait until the game is older and less buggy. Until then not recommended. I will update this review as the game progresses. oh and one last thing hacking is bugged as hell you can't or barely move the hacking map"
,Not Recommended,258180,9571034,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Typhuseth,"The store page suggests this is the mobile game adapted for pc. It isn't, it's the mobile game on a pc. Poor graphics, disinterested voice acting, and a general budget feel. It could have been the Fall redone in the human revolution engine released as an expansion, instead it's a cheap mobile game running on pc. Avoid."
76561197997726914,Not Recommended,258180,9577813,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,TF2PublicFerret,"Feels like DX:HR but has this weird ""Beta Feel"", it doesn't feel so animated as the full game and one of the worst parts of the game of playing it for about half hour was the inability to jump. It sounds stupid but I like to be able to get around in a game. I know I've only played it for about half an hour but you can tell what bad parts of the game are going to keep coming up later...Insofar it doesn't just hold your hand, it outright drags it as you can't bypass or get around the tutorial stuff. It seems a complete con that this game stays true to the Deus Ex heritage in giving the player freedom of choice. The first levels of every other game have always dropped you into the deep end and made you find your way out. The whole shop thing doesn't make sense either, I have the bad feeling that microtransactions were in here somewhere.Other then that, poor sound quality, controls feel a bit wooden, the inferface is horrible and in the way, its not ported well in being able to use a keyboard. Also the inability to headshot people is massively irritating, you can do it with the crossbow but not with the rifle? Whats the point of a silenced rifle if you cant make stealth kills.I hate to say this but we might have found a new winner for worst game in the Deus Ex series..."
,Not Recommended,258180,9574818,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,WhiteSeaSon,"This is the worst game i have played since 2009. If you enjoyed Human Revolution, then DON'T BUY THIS GAME. It is much worse and is just a poorly ported iOS game. All dialogues are dumb, music is bad, character mimics are poor, graphics are poor, you can't even jump in this game! It's such a shame."
76561197962990544,Not Recommended,258180,9570843,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Duggy,Do yourself a favour and avoid like the plague worse game i've played in a long time makes The Wayz look good and we all know how bad that was at the start. GOT TO ASK WHY IS THIS EVEN ON STEAM..........
,Not Recommended,258180,12317511,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Manguday,"I am a huge fan of Deus Ex series. I'm not only one who love sci-fi, also love this kind of game playing style.But this game is horrible. I mean what's the point of bringing a mobile device game to PCs without any graphical make-up etc. The worse, when you notice you can't jump, you realise that they ported the game to PCs even without any important changes. Obviously developers care only about sucking a little more money, because there isn't even a little effort on this ported game."
,Not Recommended,258180,26071581,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,WastelandSnake121,"2 hour long game. Do not waste your money, buy on sale if you REALLY want it."
76561198020268035,Not Recommended,258180,18071096,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,brookes,Its just boring. Wish I had never seen it.
,Not Recommended,258180,10728158,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Gothic Man,"It's a copy paste of Human Revolution, the story has short length, the AI is bad, the graphics are kinda better than Human Revolution, game-play is just like Human Revolution but worse, some controls are different than Human Revolution. 5,5/10"
,Recommended,258180,9669772,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,mark | dj.,"Deus Ex The Fall isn't as bad as people say it is, but after having played the wonderful Deus Ex Human Revolution itisa disappointment. I shall sum some things up in a small overview:Pros;- Graphics don't look half bad, except for the faces- Stealthy gameplay (if you wish to play that way)- Buying items on the move (even though this doesn't make any sense)Cons:- Small areas- Controls are terrible and don't fit a PC port- Buying items on the move- Short (maybe that's a good thing ?)- Ending is sudden and unexpected- On-screen button don't always work; lots of frustration hereSo all in all it's not bad, but if you want to play a proper stealth game try Deus Ex Human Revolution, Dishonored, Splinter Cell or Hitman instead. This one is 'just ok'.[Rating: 72/100]"
,Recommended,258180,25637134,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,BurTonio,"Yes, the overall review rating for this game is mostly negative, but, its not that bad. Take the game for what it is, a mobile game, but that being said, its pretty much a watered down Human Revolution, a more linear game, where you can just cruse through. Yes, it does have its problems, as I use a controller for this game (because the controls are basically the same as HR) and the original intention for this is obviously to be used on a touch screen, the hacking in the game is very difficult as the curser flys across the screen when you have about 3 seconds to click on something to complete the hack. And the AI is really OP for some reason too. That being said, the story is decent enough, gameplay is pretty much the same as Human Revolution, the voice acting is great (Apart from the tutorial woman who needs to be shot) and overall im enjoying it. Definately pick this up when its on sale as its only £1.99."
,Not Recommended,258180,9588024,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,RioDragon1989,"This game. This game before you right now. It is not worth money. Any amount. It is not worth any asking price at its current state. This is a horrible slapdash PC port of an iOS/Android game that took nearly a year to gestate, but it still came out completely malformed. The graphics aren't horrible, but a stickler for PC gaming standards would swear this off the moment they see the game in action, because it looks extremely old, like by Playstation 2 and original Xbox standards, but I'd be able to live with it. However, the problem with this game is the sheer lack of effort and Quality Control that went into the port. For the best gameplay experience, you would need to be willing to switch controls between the keyboard+mouse and an Xbox 360 controller on the fly, there's just so much wrong with this game's controls that it's hard to explain in a short amount of time.The experience of playing with a keyboard and mouse makes me feel physically ill from the amount of visual whiplash involved in the simple act of turning when you walk. It's like the mouselook is locked at 45 degree angles, regardless of mouse sensitivity options, your view speed will be extremely sluggish and stopping your view anywhere between the preset angles will cause your view to snap to the nearest one. Strangely enough the xbox 360 controller does not have this problem, so I would suggest that for walking around and looking at things and maybe shooting. I say MAYBE shooting because you use the right trigger to shoot here and it's extremely unresponsive as well, in addition to the fact that guns, when fired, appear to snap your field of view back and forth to try and loosely simulate recoil. You cannot jump, and I cannot find a button on the controller that allows you to sprint or run. In hacking, the controller is overly-sensitive and uses a method for node capture that is liable to send your view of the hacking puzzle careening in whatever vague directions you were selecting with the left analog stick. You can browse menus using the controller mostly with ease EXCEPT, in order to scroll through the list of quests, you need to use the mousewheel, so in short, the best gameplay experience as far as controls is swapping between a controller and keyboard+mouse on the fly.Stealth afficianados will notice that the only bits of stealth left in this are line of sight, silent takedowns, and cloaking. Enemies will not react to hearing you, only to seeing you, and it doesn't seem to matter anymore to care about where you take out an enemy, as their bodies dissolve into gold triangles as soon as you take them down, lethal or not. The levels are very short, shorter infact than Deus Ex: Invisible War's. There's also no shops, you carry a replicator in your pause menu now that makes you whatever item you want for an in-game currency fee (this was were microtransactions were in the iOS/Android releases). You can even buy praxis kits. The story, while it might have been well-written and thought out, is delivered very poorly with deadpan and comedically bad voice acting across the board and occasionally way too long dialogue that overstays its welcome long before it's finished.On the positive side, it does look and feel like Deus Ex: Human Revolution, if it were to be put under by a mad doctor, had random guts taken out, and then lobotomized. The saddest thing about this game is really all the wasted potential. Square-Enix could have made this natively for PCs or Consoles rather than jumping headlong to the current Japanese game industry standard of 'everything is better mobile'. This game is proof positive that that is not the case, or at least that what works for one system does not work for another. The port job in and of itself, disregarding the original iOS release, is terrible and on the verge of unplayable to anyone besides the most patient or tolerant of gamers, and the controls all on their own should relegate this title to discussions where you would mention Superman 64 and E.T. for the Atari 2600 in the same breath.At least, all this is the case unless they somehow pull the best patch ever out and fix everything, which I hope they do, because I really want to enjoy this game, but you know they won't. This PC Port is a sad case of wasted potential, and now this is technically the earliest entry in series canon, meaning Deus Ex, as of now, begins with The Fall, and ends with Invisible War. It's like a delicious gooey center that is Human Revolution and the Original game, sandwiched in rancid feces, and we certainly didn't ask for this.***Edit: After recording more footage for the game and getting excessively frustrated with playing the game, I looked for solutions on the mouselook issue since writing this review. Lo and behold, there is an almost-fix, turn on the vsync. I didn't have vsync on at all because I was trying to record footage and I found that usually when I use vsync during recording, it usually screws with a game's performance or the recording, but apparently without vsync on, the keyboard and mouse controls do not work properly at all.Using this trick made the game far more enjoyable, to the point that I'm actually kinda getting into the story (now that it's finally also going somewhere), but that doesn't excuse the fact that I dunno what kind of failures of programmers or QA a development team would need to have to have the stsatus of the vsync, a GRAPHICAL option, effect the CONTROLS of the whole game, thus adversely effecting the gameplay. I could do a better job than whoever Squeenix or Eidos-Montreal or N-Fusion hired for this game, and I have no programming knowledge whatsoever outside of altering .ini files.***"
,Recommended,258180,33098921,Posted: 1 July,all,Uro ★,"Alright, bad news first... it's got as many endings as Deus Ex: Mankind Divided (read: none). The menus actually barely respond to mouse clicks. What story there is doesn't really play into a greater theme as far as I see. There aren't a lot of opportunities to experiment with augments. Not enough Anna Kelso.The good news? The average npc models are hilarious looking. Unlike the other Deus Ex games, it's genuinely fun to play non-stealth. L O R E. It does control better than it does on a phone. It's still fundamentally Deus Ex: HR. Also, Anna Kelso.I bought it with the Deus Ex Bundle on sale to get the Mankind Divided season pass, and at a little less than $2, it was a fun goof of a game. Also, it came with a readme in a protected folder that outlined the true ending to Deus Ex: MD and the canonical ending to Deus Ex: IW. Good read."
,Not Recommended,258180,21801290,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Merek,"Deus Ex: The Fall is garbage. Absolute garbage. The controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥and the storyline is even worse. Don't let the requirements or graphics fool you. You're better off not buying this game.The only reason I own this game is because it was included with my purchase of the Deus Ex Collection. If it wasn't I doubt I would have even bothered with this game.My Breakdown of Deus Ex: The Fall:Pros+ Graphics are pretty good+ Menus/UI is clean and original fits the Deus Ex theme well+ Requirements are very low making it possible to run on almost any computer+ Includes80Steam Achievements and6Steam Trading CardsCons- Controls are garbage- Tutorial system is better used in a decompiling program than in this game- Game is a mobile port which is the most likely reason why this sucks- Your objectives are not clearly elaborated, neither are your hacking abilities/limitations- Might be fun for a hardcore Deus Ex fan, but thankfully I'm not a hardcore Deus Ex fanMy Rating: 0/10 (Not Recommended)"
76561198019819523,Recommended,258180,32738749,Posted: 24 June,all,Little_Foxy,"I was unaware that this game was a port from a mobile app.  There are a few eccentricies in the controls because of this, but nothing terrible.  However, there is only about five hours of gameplay in this to complete all of the content, and it ends with a ""To Be Continued..."" after the first and only zone.  This is written in 2017, so apparently there will not actually be a ""Continued"", particularly as Mankind Divided has already been released.If you can get it cheap (really cheap) and don't have the expectations you probably have if you've played the first ones, it's enjoyable."
,Recommended,258180,29774282,Posted: 7 February,all,♫ Wub Master J ♫,"Normally i wouldn't recommend this game, but we have to take into account that it is a mobile port, tbh I have played worse ports than this and i think the reason that it is a port is the reason it it given such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rating, but i have played it for an hour or so and it dosn't seem that bad, of course it had nothing compared to human revolution, but to say its a bad game is a bit much, as a port its not that bad, but if i was to compare it to a normal pc game, yeah it needs some work, i give this a 5/10, its not good but its not♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,258180,14078748,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,a bundle of sticks,"Deus Ex: The Gall Reviewen anglais (ouais!)First off, I have to say that I like deus ex. I bought the original deus ex in a bargain store in 2003 or 2004, I first thought to myself: dis sux. Later I enjoyed it before it got ported to steam or whatever because it is a thinking man's shooter. You get to use your augmentations and your writable notepad (really, you could press I think an f key and it would pop up a functional wordpad to write down all the codes and what they said to put together what the hell was going on). Then Hummus Revolution came out and I found that to be a good modern interpretation of the original, pretty damn good. I think the first time I played through was like 15 hours which was pretty short but that's better than what we get these days.Then The Fall...Oh gawd, non.I don't know if this game's title was supposed to be foreshadowing but this is like invisible war which was mediocre at best, but now it makes you sad in the light of your computer, all alone, expecting to stay up all night long to play this mobile version.First, let's get the engine out of the way: Hummus Revolution was a reworked Crystal Dynamics Engine that was used in Tomb Raider: Underworld. This one uses unity probably because it is better built for the mobile market, and probably this was a low budget so they didn't want to waste a lot of money. But without splitting any hairs, this looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I swear this looks like 2005 quality. This may seem unfair because it was a moblie game at first, but you have the name Deus Ex on the box. After coming off Human Revolution, the shock was jarring. I was playing a beautiful well lighted game to OH GAWD.I was expecting the porting people to try to rework the UI to be more faithful to Human Revolution because it was a Unity game which is a very flexible engine, but no. There is no multiple saves like in any other good PC game, there isn't a smooth UI. Hell, not even the mouse works properly. It won't detect blatant clicks I started to click furiously and I might have cut the like of the damn thing in half. The difficulty of inventory management (which is a good thing, mind you) was cut completely, going for a teleport my rocket launcher from nowhere into my hands, kaboom. Going around people is the suggested idea in Deus Ex, not anymore. You can get a stun gun, and then stun your enemies, pick up the credits and keep buying the ammo and you won't run out of cash money. Hell, you can't even jump in this game, really. It is a port from iOS and it shows. The stealth detection is wonky, half the the time they will ignore you, the other time they are a god damn eagle. At least the level design is okay for the most part.People are probably going to ask me why I am so focused on Human than the ones before. That's because it has the same art style, the same year as Human Revo. (instead of the 25 year difference between the first two), and the same weapon designs and praxis system.You might say that I haven't played enough to make an objective opinion. Well that's because the game has only one section, Panama City, and it's shorter than the shortest part of Hummus Revolution: part 2 of Hengsha. Half of that time is me going idle or killing random people and resetting the save. I feel awful for those that bought this at full price, because that is barely any content. What I hate about that is when you click on ""More Content"" it says ""MOAR TO COME!"". We know that is unlikely, don't lie you French ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Even if they did, it's irrelevant because I know how this ends because I'm the Batman.it's the jews"
,Recommended,258180,15299549,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","This is a port of an iOS game, and it shows, but it's not necessarily bad, just really barebones. If you're okay with playing a stripped down version of Human Revolution with a little bit of new story that follows up the Icarus Effect book then go for it, but I'd personally recommend waiting for a sale because this is only Part 1 and there is still no Part 2, and Part 1 ends on a pretty underwhelming cliffhanger. I'll still give it a Yes, but only because there's no ""Maybe"" option for steam recommendations."
76561198052377384,Not Recommended,258180,12227024,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,brian.short,Utter. ♥♥♥♥ing. Crap.
76561198023609330,Recommended,258180,10650056,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Adiferous,"I very like original Deus Ex and recent Deus Ex: HR, and I can say that DE: The Fall didn't dissapoint me. That's great that this game was ported on PC, because I still don't understand how you can enjoy the game on the touch screen. It seems I'm too old for this.)What a shame that the story won't be completed ever.("
76561198058013214,Not Recommended,258180,34697270,Posted: 2 September,all,Razziano,"Overall gamplay is clunky, AI is dull, & story is thin..Better off with the other games of the series.(Unless hyper fan of series or bundled with other games..)"
,Not Recommended,258180,14673145,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Darturias,"Absolutely terrible. It's a lazy port from some mobile device and it does not bring anything but shame to the original games of the saga. It's just a mediocre game trying to get advantage of the success of Deus Ex: Human Revolution.Don't be fooled, only thing this game has in common with DE:HR is the yellow effect on the screen.The story is short and lacks of sense and the controls don't make the effort of hiding this is a tablet port to PC. The best example of its failure is the shutdown of the production of the second part of this game."
,Not Recommended,258180,9581053,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Mephistopheles,"I put my very high respect to Deus Ex: Human Revolution, pre-purchase the game in day one and what Square Enix brought to you is a completely mobile game on PC, low texture details, few settings, I was shocked that there is no key binding for a PC FPS game, not even sensitive settings. The control is like use mouse to simulate touchpad. When I saw this game on iOS I was so wish to play it on PC, and yes Square Enix offers you absolutely same experiences. Stop ruining this title ""Deus Ex"" please, SE!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,258180,30397399,Posted: 8 March,all,Solodric,"The first chapter of an intended (and never finished) series, Deus Ex: The Fall manages to very competently convey some of the basic ideas of Human Revolution, but essentially never manages to use them in any meaningful way. You barely have space to begin exploring what you can do with the game before it's over, and the few levels in the game are geared towards this low-powered approach, meaning there aren't many opportunities for a player to get creative or work around tough obstacles.Half of what's in this game is good, but the other half is tutorial and filler for the start of a game that never gets BEYOND the start, and the confusing microtransaction-esque menu and other clunky design decisions leave it in the 'forgettable' category. I find it a pity, as the story seemed headed in an interesting direction."
76561198026371013,Recommended,258180,9648683,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,hungryghost01,"i enjoyed getting back into the deus ex universe. and you get deus game of the year free:http://www.deusex.com/news/Deus-Ex-The-Fall-SteamDeus Ex: The Fall out now on Steam!Posted by Eidos-MontréalIt's been a bit of a wait since the original release on iOS, but today we're happy to announce  Deus Ex: The Fall's release on Steam for just £7.99/€9.99/$9.99! And right now, but for a limited time only, your purchase will also net you a free copy of the original Deus Ex GOTY edition too!"
,Not Recommended,258180,25807140,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Cihan Serter,It is not a complete story but only a chapter.It is expensive for it's price
,Not Recommended,258180,10899601,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,lietu,"Oh my god, horrible game .. not worth even 2.50€ .. the gameplay is abysmal, the story is boring and lazy .. it's broken in a lot of ways, if this was sold as ""early access"" and ""early alpha"" then I could almost understand how♥♥♥♥♥♥it is, but it's supposed to be ""stable"" and ""finished"".The sounds cut off randomly, half of the dialogue is missing and doesn't even show up, the cutscenes are only half finished, the controls are buggy as hell, the maps are very very linear, the AI is horrible.The game was made with minimal budget just to try and cash out a bit on the Deus Ex name and I'm very sorry that I fell into the trap and wasted money on this.DO NOT BUY!"
,Not Recommended,258180,10742884,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,GM Pax,"This game should be subtitled ""the FAIL"", not ""the fall"".  I honestly can't believe Square/Enix let their name be associated with this garbage.And I'm not talking about the bugs (which are bad enough in themselves).  The whole thing looks and sounds like some fan-made thing.  It's just ... shoddy, slapdash, _junk_.Don't waste your money on this one."
76561198149966185,Not Recommended,258180,18632583,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Molotov Jesus,"I DIDN'T ASK FOR THIS.There is a reson why they call this game Deus Ex : ""The Fall"". I was going in to this game open minded hoping to be half a good as Human Revolution, but no it was just so bad.PROS-i can't think of any.CONS-The graphics.Having to load 50 diffrent areas just to complete one side mission.The way people die in this game. I might have to put that in pros beacuse its so ridiculous.The invetory if i had one.The guns i collected if i collected gunsThe whole game.PROS2.0-The ridiculous way people die.Now it was not the worst game ever just the worst stealth game of 2014."
,Not Recommended,258180,20938165,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,KingSin,I play game to the end ...  only because of the story lolthat was hard 10 h of gameplay .... lot of bugs ! dear lord !!!dont buy this game !?if you think is good but is on the sale !
,Not Recommended,258180,11102445,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Mikee,Worst PC port I've played in some time ;)
76561198028130184,Not Recommended,258180,11077386,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Falseboolean,"-This game is horrid-The UI was clearly butchered to work on PC-Graphics looks like it came from a PS2 game-The mouse looking/aiming was unsensitive (at max sensitvity)-horrible Voice acting-This is a shame to the Deus Ex series.-If you like Deus Ex Human Revolution even a tiny bit do not play this gamep.s. I got this from the first 5 mins and could be bias, but then this game has some horrible first impressions."
,Not Recommended,258180,12140997,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Purplewolfies,"worst game ive ever playedlets go over the things that are wrong in this game:1. Cover System: is laughable at best, you dont get put where you actually want to take cover, it seems liek its random, cover firing is okay but its not like you pop out shoot and come back, if you want to continue shooting it will pop you ina and out of cover to shoot, this leads into my next issue2. Shooting: in any good shooter you expect that when you shoot, your bullets would actually do something  right? well not in deus ex the fall, you can shoot a guy 3 times in the head and he wont go down, shoot a different guy in the leg with a full clip and he still doesnt go down? that shows theres something wrong right there3. Controls: being that i hadnt played a deus ex game in a few months i admit i was still a bit rusty at the controls, but heres the kicker, you cant remap them, i ended up having to dust off the controller to play this game effectively becasue the keyboard controls are terrible4. Price: its ten bucks, thats wa to high for as crappy a game as this, i got it when it was on sale for 2.50, but it still wasnt worth it, dont buy this, unless you want to waste moneyEDIT: I actually finished the game, holy ♥♥♥♥ was it bad, not only did it take me less than  hours, but this was supposed to be an episodic series, holy ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥, my verdict still stands DONT BUY THIS"
,Not Recommended,258180,13933508,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,GrillMeACheese,"For fans of the Deus Ex series, The Fall is trying on the nerves.The only real good thing here is the fact you get some behind the scenes story of the Merc team you faced in Human Revolution. Let me stress that this is the ONLY good thing, aside from what appears to be some minor graphics updates.Here's a quick, dirty list of cons:> Aiming is very sluggish> No aiming down sights> Firing from cover is sluggish> Numerous glitches (Can fall through world, cursor will disappear reading books, Keypads sometimes don't read your clicks)> Hacking icons look like they were very roughly/quickly cut from the other game, and pasted onto the screen, losing serious resolution on the icons and making them look cheap.> AI isnt the brightest> Infinite buying ability, so there's no tactical planning> No inventory so you have unlimited space (removes difficulty)> Can't use AUDs even though they're implementedAnd that's just a small number of things I found wrong. There's a reason this game has TONS of negative feedback. I would avoid it."
,Not Recommended,258180,9672677,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,theOtherGuy,"The game doesn't even work. I recommend that nobody buy this game until they fix it.I want my money back...Update:Game finally works, but it's riddled with bugs. Falling through the ground, glitching through walls, turrets that don't stay disabled, etc... Too many bugs for such a short and small game. Really horrible attempt at porting a game.4/10: I'd rather play Dark Souls: Prepare to Die Edition with a keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,258180,30066556,Posted: 20 February,all,LtCrisco23,"I don't understand the hate about this game, it is solid overall with easy to understand controls and a Deus Ex- related plot. With cyberpunk and RPG elements, what's not to like? Yeah, it's short but that's why its 1/2 the price of Human Revolution. I say get it, especially if you're into FPS and stealth elements. Don't expect incredible graphics tho FYI. My fav game is System Shock 2 (another good cyberpunk RPG), so I'm personally not picky with graphics."
76561198012120895,Not Recommended,258180,9569867,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,std_killer88,"lots of little things that really ruin the game. like headshots wont kill someone with one bullet but needs more then a couple to kill, also when hacking you cant move the screen around to get all hacking points easily. really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ i had to pay the 10$ bucks to pay a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with lots of problems"
,Not Recommended,258180,9576972,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,LIKEUCARE,"Ah, Deus Ex: Human Revolution! That was and still is an amazing game! Later, Eidos Montreal revealed that they were working on another DE title. How excited I was! More Deus Ex! Bummer, Mobile platform only...On Mobile, the game seemed to perform well and was decently rated, for a mobile game! Now that Eidos Montreal said they were going to bring this DE: The Fall to PC, that was good news! Or is it?In this game, you play as Ben Saxon, a Merc that used to work for Belltower Mercenaries. After some incident, you're recruited by Namir, the antagonist of Human Revolution, and sent somewhere for assassination. Now, your guy, Ben, develops a conscience and decides to quit Namir's friends and pals, the Tyrants. And that's where I am at, in the game now. I'll update this review once I finish this digital-only game but still, here's a rundown of PROS and CONS that I'm experiencing currently.PROS:+Interested in more DE backstory? The Fall shall fill that craving! Many PDA to read infos, so you get to know some more.+Hacking minigame is the same as Human Revolution.+Music by same composer as HR. Really great... when it works!+Voice acting is okay, more or less! It's not HR quality, but serviceable for a ""Mobile"" game.+Deus Ex GOTY free with this purchase... well, at this point, if you still haven't got DE GOTY, you should get The Fall!CONS:-Straight Port from Mobile to PC. Nothing ""extra"" or noteworthy added in the PC version.-No rebindable keys for Keyboard AND EVEN Xbox 360 Gamepad (totally unnacceptable and hopefully patched later on)-Wonky controls. The sensitivity of the mouse feels way off. If you can't adjust your sensitivity ""on-the-fly"", you'll likely have issues with this game!-Lots of sound clipping and worse, sound crash at times. Best advice, active subtiles if you want to ""hear"" a nearby enemy!-Many annoying ""help pop ups"".-Unintuitive menus.-Poor AI.-Visuals/Graphics/Animations are all really bad. Low res textures, wonky/stiff animations.OVERALL:Well, kinda disappointed really. Sure this isn't a AAA full game but I still expected something decently done for the porting, alas, it wasn't. It's like this port feels rushed, no special love added in the PC version. Granted it was designed as a mobile game so no one should have expected a killer treatment but at least, a working game would've been greatly appreciated!RECOMMENDATION:So, since I haven't finished the game yet, I'll finish it off in the coming days, unsure when as I'm flooded with PlayStation 4 titles all of the sudden!So do I recommend? Not really. Not at full price! And at least not right now... better wait until this game get's properly patched, especially for the audio issues and wonky controls! By that time, it may be in a Steam sale!RATING:5.0 / 10"
76561197997873985,Not Recommended,258180,9571879,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,jwin74,Really poor port of a Mobile game. AVOID AT ALL COSTS
,Not Recommended,258180,9572112,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,ProfessorMelon,"So you purchased our game! Thanks for your money. Actually, we only made one act. But fear not! You can replay it on higher difficulty. You know, like Diablo. We bet you wanted Deus Ex to be more like Diablo. Well yes, Diablo has more than one act, but that is not important, right?The gameplay is ridiculously dumbed down, partly because of nigh impossibility of making a good action game for tablets: both dead and unconscious bodies disappear in several seconds, moving objects around is allowed only in approved by the Party ways, no jumping, no iron sights, enemies forget where they have seen you in like 10 seconds, you can buy anything anywhere, and you have no limits on inventory. And on top of that, instead of an interesting story I expect from a Deus Ex game I got a ""to be continued"" in my face, while I still was not really involved in the story."
,Not Recommended,258180,28672766,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Philipgreek,"I am really dissapointed and feel totaly riped off....I paid for a game that is only 3 hours long...graphics arent as good as deus with jensenBUY IT ONLY IF ITS IN DISCOUNTIt is a prequel to original game and it dosnt have anything to do with the plot insted of ""bad"" guys"
,Not Recommended,258180,29593633,Posted: 30 January,all,LordHylas,"Game locked up after the second cut scene (Barrett on the airplane). No indication of why, no way out other than force-closing the game. It does this 100% of the time."
,Not Recommended,258180,31639900,Posted: 8 May,all,kilor55,"This may look like a (♥♥♥♥♥♥) Deus Ex game, but it's not. This game has nothing that makes the series great."
,Not Recommended,258180,20188803,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MandatoryAlcatraz,"Deus Ex: TheFailFallis literally the worst game of the series. Sure, Invisible War has problems; Sure, Human Revolution has its problems- But this game is just... terrible. Invisible War and Human Revolution both have good things and bad things, but at least they were competent and complete. Oh yeah, TheFailFall isn't a complete game, it ends with a cliffhanger ""To be Continued"". This is first Deus Ex game to not be a complete story, and it's doubtful it will ever be completed because TheFail'sFall's a piece of ♥♥♥♥ing dog garbage.The gameplay is just a dumbed down Human Revolution with terrible controls. The inventory has been completely removed, and now you can buy any items from anywhere in the game! Yeah, the stores from HR have been removed and instead you can just buy weapons, ammo, and items at anytime, anywhere. You can hold as many weapons as you want now, because you just equip weapons through this store menu. I'm sure the original mobile version of this game probably included microtransactions, too!The levels are terrible and unmemorable. In my opinion, some of the best levels of Human Revolution are those long levels in security buildings and stuff like that. However, TheFailFall only has one level similar to those! Not only that, that level is only a sheer imitation of its counter-part. Oh, I forgot to say, at the end of the game they hint the next level will be a level like that... but guess what....""TO BE CONTINUED""Yeah... this game sucks...The story is so♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm not even going to talk about it because it isn't even ♥♥♥♥in' complete!So in conclusion, I'd say Deus Ex: The Fail is...""THIS REVIEW TO BE CONTINUED""-MandatoryAlcatraz"
,Not Recommended,258180,13798197,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Splastic,"Not a bad game was disapointed on how short it was, havent changed any of the graphics from the last Deus possibly abit worse on the Npc very deformed lol. Terrible acting but kind of good story, wont be buying the second chapter tho as i paid about £12 for this game a few months back and it being so short i dont think its worth my money."
76561197989338473,Not Recommended,258180,9564858,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Bilzbe {Ha Ha! Dangly Parts},"This game is a major disappointment. After Human Revolution, I was all set for a new Deus Ex game to play. And after playing The Fall, I guess that ""new"" game is Deus Ex GOTY (thanks preorder). The way I look at it now is I (over)paid 9.98 for Deus Ex GOTY, and a penny for this pile of garbage.  The voice for the tutorial is beyond aggravating, sounding robotic for most of the intro and then all of a sudden sounding normal.  There's no control mapping, which any PC game that doesn't have that is a joke.  Not only that, but hey, hope you remember what the controls are, because if you pause and go to ""Controls"" you sure aren't going to see the controller map to see what the buttons do. There are plenty of broken hacking sequences where you either really struggle to click the capture button because it's partially off screen, or there is one instance where you can't hack the door at all because one of the nodes you need to capture is completely off screen, even after a full zoom out.  The game feels sluggish, looks awful (npc characters especially), and is honestly a complete waste of time.  Don't get tricked into buying this game because it bears the Deus Ex name."
76561198079563457,Not Recommended,258180,9567943,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Ceal,This game really really sucks. Human Revolution was an awesome game and this one just falls short in every aspect. Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,258180,9566880,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Grildenn,"It is NOT a good PC port. It started as a mobile game set just before Deus Ex: Human Revolution and shares similar qualities with it HR, but, there are ZERO graphics settings so the only benefit you get on PC is that you can play with a controller. It has some assets that certainly look like they are from HR but the menus are very different and gameplay is nowhere near what HR accomplished. And yes, it still looks like an iPhone game set to the resolution of your PC. It looks horrible and the only reason I feel happy that I got it is because I got a free copy of the original Deus Ex GOTY since I bought this game 8 hours before it came out. 3/10 They tried"
76561198009350074,Not Recommended,258180,9568139,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,oldtom57,"I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing.  The game doesn't respond to keystrokes.  Pup-ups are big, distracting, and interfere with the gaming experience.  Played ~ 15 minutes, got tired of repeating the same keystroke over and over to act, and Ctl-alt-del to bring up task manager and kill it.This game looks like 2008.  Muddy graphics, no textures, lag, bugs, etc.I hope my wasted 10 bucks can save someone else the wasted money."
76561197970548486,Not Recommended,258180,9568281,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Cnith,"Do NOT buy this piece of crap mobile device port! It's filled with bugs and is a very poor port as well. The developers of this game must've hibernated from the moment they released this on mobiles last summer, until now. There are so many bugs that they certainly don't seem to have had any testers on it. Personally I experienced:Sound holes: Often I wasn't able to hear dialogue, even in cut scenes. Weapon noises would disappear from time to time and the music would clip weirdly.Cover mechanics: So very buggy. Often I'd shoot into the cover itself, even with my cross hairs well clear of the cover itself. I also managed to fall through the world one time, because I clipped through the cover somehow.The game has an awful awful AWFUL mouse acceleration that makes you do weird twists and turns very often, disorienting you thoroughly.The textures look OLD. Of course that's due to it being a mobile port, but they've had 9 months to do something about that. They could even have used some Deus Ex: Human Revolution material to make it easier for themselves.Over all it feels like a super lazy job by the devs. I guess they try to make us swallow this crap by giving us the original Deus Ex for free."
,Not Recommended,258180,9568776,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,VorlundCrow,"Unless the port gets reworked with the Human Revolution Engine and with similar quality controls/textures, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I love the Deus Ex series, but this is just pathetic."
76561198121983002,Not Recommended,258180,12473162,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,joe_bowers577,Unplayable. There is no option to change counterintuitive keybinds.
76561197988114896,Not Recommended,258180,12276302,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,creept,"i don't know where to start criticising this piece of junk. in short it is exactly the opposite of de: human revolution; bad and weak.the story is weak, the gameplay is weak, the visuals are weak... i am not even getting into the bugs like disappearing environment or npcs walking into walls etc...the story is so short that it leaves a bad taste of ripoff in the soul.summing up; evade it even if you find it in steam sales. evade it like ebola..."
,Not Recommended,258180,12676495,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Sirquini,"It is just a bad game.Just a few minutes into the game and you know it is going to be bad. The mechanics are horrible, you are unable to aim like a normal human being, the voice acting is terrible (especially the tutorial lady), moving from cover is just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ etc.Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,258180,18619413,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Mnoi,"The worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game ever produced. This game is not optimized for any desktop generation of graphics cards (it was originally a mobile game) and WILL freeze your computer once you get half way through the game. If you are dead set on playing this game or got it in a bundle, play it with everything turned off at 480x320 resolution and with some luck the game will not crash."
,Not Recommended,258180,24027973,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Greg,"If you have the burning desire to play Deus Ex on your phone, go pick this up for iOS or Android, but as a PC game, it's a disaster. I don't care that it's a mobile port. If you're going to release it for PC, it should be altered to work well on a PC, and this doesn't. Deus Ex: Human Revolution is one of my favorite games of all time, and I was expecting more of the same. Instead, I got a pale imitation with clunky and unresponsive controls, keys you can't rebind, people who look like they're from a game a decade older, disappearing bodies, a ubiquitous store screen that lets you materialize a weapon out of nowhere, and areas so small, it feels like there's a load screen every 90 seconds. No matter how much you loved Human Revolution, this is awful."
,Recommended,258180,10877867,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,hank hell,deus ex human devolution
,Not Recommended,258180,25203517,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Codemonkey,"Incredibly buggy controls, bad graphics, but worse is the mediocre story. What a mess."
76561198012457316,Not Recommended,258180,12228689,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,SomeDorkinUtah,Short and lame...
76561197964026961,Not Recommended,258180,9561450,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,krampe,"Deus EX: The FailI bought this game as i am a big fan of the Deus Ex franchise but this is horrible and not worth the money.It is buggy as hell, your character warping around, falling through the floor dieing etc.Those problems can be patched but the low res textures, the bad syncronisation and the obstructive controls stay.The AI is incredibly stupid, you can only have one savegame and you can't even reconfigure your controls.It is just a very bad mobile portationSTAY AWAY"
,Not Recommended,258180,9563749,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Stangryn,"This game is kind of a let down compared to Deus Ex: Human Revolution (DE: HR).  Maybe it's just because they haven't had time to refine it yet. The controls are clunky, graphics subpar (worse than DE: HR's), menus are ugly and not streamlined.  This would have been better had they just cloned DE: HR, thrown in another storyline and called it a new product."
,Not Recommended,258180,9561188,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,brodiepurple,"After writing and rewriting this review with increasing levels of profanity and such, I've elected to have the most positive negative review I possibly can.This game could be alright. COULD be, I stress.If someone took the entire game, and remade it using the DE:HR engine to be exactly the same otherwise, it would be a passable 6/10. Until such a time as this happens, it will remain to be a sorry pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥whose sole purpose is to sully the name DE."
76561197971208934,Not Recommended,258180,9562195,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,andy*****,"Wow how to completely gimp a game , no keyboard mapping , so my multi key mouse is pointless , I'm also left handed so use the arrow keys , and map the surounding keys to various functions but not in this game , even if you are right handed you would probably want to use diffrent keys for some things.So after 5 minutes of frustration I gave up (not even passed the intro)The thing that gets me is that the orignal had keyboad mapping so how was it missed here."
,Not Recommended,258180,9559878,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,†epicwolf†™,"Missing sound files or taking their time to catch up with the game, glitching animations, rage inducing tutorial, annoying UI, a weapons store apparently up the main character's♥♥♥♥♥ horrible dialog. It's a tablet port to PC, buy any other Deus Ex game instead, you'll be saving money.Or buy this on a tablet, it's probably way better playing it on one than this."
76561198016359317,Not Recommended,258180,14305818,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Mister,"I'm currently only part way through, but these are my impressions thus far.TL;DR. Do not pay more than a dollars or so for this game. And only buy it if you wish to say ""I have ALL the Deus Ex games"" at parties and/or special events.I had played Deus Ex: Human Revolution imediately prior to this, so this has shaped my judgement on DX:The FallWhat I likeI like the ability to vault over cover. I think that is a cool / cute addition to the game.ummmmm...Alright, then:What I don't likeI think this would be better served as a list.Inability to jump.Come on. Seriously? I know this was a tablet/phone touch screen based game but come on.NPCs lack of personality / movement in open world.NPCs lack of personality / movement in cut scenes.The voice acting.It's stilted and... bored? Sounds like they collected a bunch of people who'd never done this before.You can't shorten the cut scenes!Ahhh! I don't care. I want less of your stilted, stiff recitation of your lines. I know you're an NPC, who says the same lines over and over, but don't burden me with your problems! ... oh, right, sorry - reviewing.Do you even headshot?Apparently, there are invisible objects EVERYWHERE O_O preventing the ol'sneaky-sneaky 'round the corner headshot'The haphazard way that shots hit enemies.The secondary weapon/item selector systems.You get three use keys. (I think I'll get used to this though - one is for world items, the other two are for items/grenades.)The is a disjoint between the mouse pointer and the options in menus & switching between some options.Buttons you click on, frequently don't actually acknowledge the interaction.It's short.It's like a two or so sitting to completion.It's fairly safe to say, that while I'm replaying DX:HR for the second time - I'll never launch this game again."
,Not Recommended,258180,9757339,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Saleck,"We never asked for this... I just thought I'd get that old chestnut out of the way but I guess every other review will have used it to death by now. Well actually, Deus Ex fans did. They asked for this game on PC and the result is a surprisingly good little Deus Ex 3 type game, hidden underneath an extremely crappy port.After finishing Deus Ex 3 a mere two days before the release of this game, I bought this a soon as it came onto the store. I now kind of wish I hadn't and waited for them to fix the most obvious issues.Deus Ex: The Fall is a cyberpunk First-Person Shooter / Role-Playing Game with stealth elements set both before and after the events of Deus Ex 3: Human Revolution. You play as Ben Saxon, a former British SAS solder. After being betrayed by the private military group known as The Tyrants, Ben sets off to uncover the truth behind a drug conspiracy that is threatening every augmented person on the planet.I'll start by saying that it's actually nice to hear a British character in a game that isn't either a) Another Borderlands 2 Sir Hammerlock who sounds like he lives on nothing but tea and crumpets or b) Another Psycho from Crysis, a cockney sounding geezer who says his 'th's as 'f's and goes around threatening to knock people's teeth out if they so much as look at them funny.But I've avoided talking about the game for long enough, let's start off with the tutorial: It's abysmal.I like to think that there are three kinds of tutorials that can be presented to the player at the beginning of a game:Type Oneis a tutorial that is entirely optional. The developers created a separate level for the player to either play through and learn the game or completely ignore and get on with enjoying the story (see also Thief Gold).Type Twois a tutorial that is integrated into the main game in an unobtrusive way so the player can read or see what to do but is not forced into doing it in any way (see also Thief 2, Deus Ex 3).Type Threeis a tutorial that is integrated into the main game and completely rail-roads the player into following a set path, maybe doing things for them automatically and/or displaying pop-up after pop-up of text for the player to read that freezes the game and are not avoidable. And if the player even remotely tries to think outside the box and do something the developer didn't want them to do, they instantly fail and have the conditions reset for them to try again (see also Thief 3).Deus Ex: The Fall proudly picks the third option and also manages to treat the player like they just came out of a 20 year long coma. You are taught how to look around and move, you cannot move past and run ahead of characters, the game forces the player into ducking behind cover and crouching at key points, not allowing the player to make the slightest error and learning from their mistakes. The tutorial is impossible to fail.I might have enjoyed the tutorial a tiny bit more if I could've customized my keys. I dared to be born left-handed and it seems that I'm not welcome at the Deus Ex: Fall party. After the first part of the tutorial, I tried to get around the control problems by plugging in my controller and playing that way instead but half the buttons don't even work properly! I couldn't move or evenfire my gunwith the control pad!But then it hit me, maybe the tutorial is making it impossible for me to fire until I meet an enemy? I was trying to out-think the tutorial at this point. It turns out I was wrong as clicking the mouse fired the gun. It's not just in game too, the controller only half works in the main menu and you'll need the mouse to navigate. Open a menu with one button, be stuck forever as no button may get you out of it again.At this point, I was beginning to wonder why I was seeing dialogue subtitles for a split second only to watch them vanish, never hearing what was supposed to be said. Deus Ex: The Fall suffers from sound simply not working properly! You might end up missing vital plot points, dialogue and spoken tutorial information because the game engine seems like it cannot play more than 3 sound effects at the same time and anything else that tries to play is skipped completely. This can happen in nightclubs, where you'll be watching NPCs dance to no music because more than 2 characters around you are walking around creating footsteps.This is something that should have stopped the game from being shipped!Once the abysmal tutorial had finished (and I had sadly gone back to mouse and keyboard controls), I was given a short bit of story and, after a short mag-rail ride, was free to explore Panama City.Do you remember Deus Ex 2's shoebox sized levels that meant you couldn't take more than 40 steps without having to load the next part of the area you were in? Well, they're back with a vengeance!. Due to the platform for which this game was initially made for, the levels are quite detailed but very very small. It's just as well that the loading times are relatively quick. Overall, it is not that big of a problem but slightly annoying if you're short on patience.Another thing that seems to have been ported over from the portable version is the in-game shop. I think it was designed so the player could spend real money to get extra gear if they got stuck at any point but in the PC version, you can just spend credits you find to get anything you want instantly. Unless you choose not to use it, there is no hunting for resources needed, the tutorial even teaches you this, making a point of saying 'you can use this to completely break the balance of the game and remove all challenge' instead of simply putting the item I needed on a table in front of me (which the game will then later do in the next room!)Oh and you only get one save slot too... not great.If it wasn't for some of these glaring issues, this game would be nice to play and would be enjoyable. Believe me when I say that there is a good Deus Ex game in here. The stealth mechanics and game-play elements are pretty much like Deus Ex 3 and if you enjoyed them there, you'll enjoy them here as well. The Fall manages to copy the unique art-style and aesthetics that make Deus Ex 3 look so amazing.For a game designed to be played on portable devices, they've done a heck of a good job in creating a core Deus Ex experience on a platform that maybe doesn't get these types of games very often and I'm all for introducing new players to a series on as many platforms as possible. However, they should have taken their time in creating at least half-decent PC port as this product should not have made it past Quality Assurance in the state that it is in at the time of writing this.If you want more of Deus Ex 3 then you will find it in here, you just have to do a bit of work to find it. However, I cannot recommend this game to anyone until they fix the sound issues, at least. Once they fix that, I will change this review to reflect that but for now, please avoid purchasing this!"
76561197992089876,Recommended,258180,10076057,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Mebber,"Not as bad as expected. Lazy port, but nice game."
76561197984806134,Not Recommended,258180,9557108,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,dantepace,"Key mapping is essential to all my downloads. if i knew this game could not allow for it, i would  have not bought it."
76561198066582915,Not Recommended,258180,28278989,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,jeffrey-morris,"The game was good, but my only complaint is that it was too short. I was expecting the second part to be ready to go right now since it has been out since 2013 and i have not seen the second part yet.Good game, but giving it a thumbs down for taking too long and would not recommend this game to anyone until all parts are available, though I do understand the tie-ins with Deus ex Mankind Divided, but Eidos left us hanging for 3 years.Not cool at all.:("
,Recommended,258180,19280210,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Kauldwin,"The good: As a fan of the Deus Ex universe, I enjoyed having more story content. There are some new and some returning characters to get to know. Costa Rica is an interesting location for a Deus Ex game; it's nice to have a slightly different flair to the city. This isn't a long game, but for the price, you get a decent amount of content. There are a couple new weapons/mods to use, which are fun.The bad: This is a port from mobile platforms, and the controls were poorly done IMO. They just seem very finicky and timing for quick movements is difficult. The graphics are not up to the standard of Deus Ex Human Revolution, again due to the port. The game was intended to be the first in a series, but the others have not yet been made, so the ending leaves you hanging.General info: The player character, Ben Saxon, was introduced to the Deus Ex universe in the companion novel The Icarus Effect, which takes place just prior to and during Human Revolution. If you enjoy the lore of Deus Ex, this is a nice little addition with some more info on one of the Tyrants. The game gets a lot of hate, but I think most of that is due to the poor PC port. If you know what to expect going in, I think it can be enjoyable for fans of the series.Overall: Would recommend it to those who are already Deus Ex fans; if you've never played a Deus Ex game before, start with the original Deus Ex or Human Revolution first.System Specs Used: Intel Core i7-3610QM, Nvidia GeForce GTX 670M / 3GB GDDR5, DDRIII 12GB RAM, Windows 7"
,Not Recommended,258180,9626467,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,H3X3N,"It's got lost sound issues. Horrible graphics (DX:HR was better, and that's not saying much). Odd controls. A serious lack of settings. I dunno. I can't recommend this game to anyone really. It has NONE of the magic that made DX:HR so much fun."
76561197970529737,Not Recommended,258180,9602625,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,MaxBobo,"Don't even consider this game if you are playing it on the PC.  I am SO disappointed.No remapping of keys, no resolution options.  I want my $9.99 back."
,Not Recommended,258180,9786437,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Praise the Altman,"Obviously, it is a game adpated from mobile plantform. Some time (e.g. hacking) it is more convenient by using touch screen. While I want to pick up an item surrounded by civilians, it is rather difficult to avoid talking to them again and again. The plot itself is rather good, but I hope the control can be better."
,Not Recommended,258180,10141869,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,ianc1215,I regret buying this game. The story seems good. But the control are fail to the power of fail. It should have been left on tablets where it started. Whoever thought this game should be ported to PC clearly did not think this through enough. So now I am stuck with this awfult game that wants to be good but feels crippled.Its a real bummer.
,Not Recommended,258180,9590296,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Nate Wingman,This is exclusive proof that video games are dead.
,Not Recommended,258180,9596228,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,protonic,Strange combat and engine feels old. Not worth it.
,Not Recommended,258180,9594359,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Joff,"If you liked DX:HR avoid this game.The controls feel unresponsive whether using a pad or keyboard. The tutorial text is annoying and there is no way to exit it early. The graphics don't look much better than the original DX, The stats are broken and can be obtained by the tutorial doing the actions.I played for 18 minutes and it annoyed me, If I decide to go back to the game I may update this review but as it is right now I would avoid it."
,Not Recommended,258180,13474959,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Nehoni,"most ironic game title, ever+has easy achievements, which is nicebut it has awful controls and bad voice acting.if you're interested, buy it when its 80-90% off."
,Not Recommended,258180,10948118,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Devious Toast,"If you're looking for more Deus Ex: Human Revolution, then this is the wrong game.The voice acting is horrible and rather laughable at times.  The controls are muddy.  The audio is buggy.  Often the background music will play and cut off all other sound (voice-overs, foot steps, bullets being fired, everything except the background music).You can tell that it's a sloppy port from iOS.  I can only hope the controls and audio are better on iOS, but that won't fix the bad voice acting."
,Not Recommended,258180,10909436,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,elmuerte,"The game is really buggy. Sound is constantly disappearing, which is really annoying when you try to go the stealth route. Controls often fail to work properly, talking to random people pretty much never works. Hacking is bugged where it sometimes doesn't even enable a node, or fail to initiate an action.The writing and voice acting is quite bad (read: late 90s quality).The in-game shop is just weird, you can buy ammo and weapons in the middle of a drug den. Does not make sense. But I guess that's what you get when porting a F2P/P2W mobile game to the PC."
76561198084532733,Not Recommended,258180,12893760,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,howshafern420,"This game sucks. its short and full of glitches. At one point during a mission the screen starts to shake back and forth then it starts doing flips and movement is imposable,you cannot get any further in the game after this starts. I have seen some flaw filled games but this is not even a game its more like a broken demo. I want my 9.99 back"
,Not Recommended,258180,22599321,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Wario,"A trully god-awful game, that feels more like a mod made possibly with RPG Maker.Terrible controls, horrific gameplay and annoying interface. Storywise, it reads like those free books (for the intellectualy challenged) you'd find on Amazon.And Steam wants you to pay one cent short of €10 for that... If you really want to commit the mistake of having it added to your library, at least get it on sale.This game is truly an insult to fans of the DX series, and whoever ""developed"" this waste of hard disk space should consider a change of career, because game development is not for them.That said, I do recommend this game to my neighbours, though. Because I freakin' hate them."
76561198067501180,Not Recommended,258180,15280939,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,DIO,It gave me nightmares
76561198015528179,Not Recommended,258180,17880078,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Biscoito,Very very very short game!!I recommend play Deus Ex: Human Revolution.
,Not Recommended,258180,11019699,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,KuroRaion,"Yes this is a Deus Ex story but that's about all that really good about it...Besides the main characters the voice acting is horrendous but that is about the least of the problems. The game-engine seems to just re-use the look and feel of the previous game Deus Ex: Human Revolution. Major differences are found in the ability to buy guns/ammo/etc anywhere in-game, fixed keyboard/controller layout, changed behavior of augmentations and in-game movement. It's obvious that this game has not been created with the PC in mind.If you already love the previous Deus Ex games and you can get this in a sale for 1 or 2 dollar/euro then it's a fun new Deus Ex story, in any other casedon'tget this game!"
,Not Recommended,258180,9624789,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,SkunkFox [FUD],"Expected a decent game from the Deus Ex franchise... this was what they released... the controls cannot be changed, using the xbox controller is useless as you can't use the movement stick on it no input built in to the game itself. Overall it's a lousy job and from what I now know it's a port of a mobile game not an actual built pc title. Don't buy it, you'll spend most of you're time just trying to painstakingly get through the first five minutes of it's opening sequence.  it's extremely short and done in episodes very short I might add, put made painfully drawn out by it's poor control implementation. Graphics are rather sadly implemented and with an insanely annoyingly bad lag that moves you backwards in the area and has you rewalk back to where you got moved back by the game itself. This becomes extremely noticable later on in the game as you will be walking into walls, or off of them to you're death fairly often.Recap: Bad uncustomizable controls, bad implementation of Xbox controls, difficult to even play and designed for a mobile platform with a bad portjob to a PC, so expect to have to hit keys multiple times to register commands, and rewalking area's because of some weird glitch that sends you backwards or randomly into walls especially in later gameplay it becomes totally noticable."
76561197991689866,Not Recommended,258180,29727632,Posted: 5 February,all,tomfed,"This is a slice of the Deus Ex universe. And thats about it. Took me 3 hours to complete with most of the side quests as well.This game is a mobile port and it shows. However it does a good job of copying Dues Exs core mechanics.I cant recommend this game however because of the story and length . Its way too short and the story leads nowhere. This game came out in 2014 for pc and ends with a ""to be continued.... "" Ha! like a conclusion will come after 3 years ( at writiing this review) Its almost a scary sign of the Square Enix plan going forwards. Cutting games up to finish at a later date or merely leaving to the side.I hope we see more games in the Deus Ex franchise. More like Human Revolution and less like this and Man Kind Divided."
76561197990420571,Not Recommended,258180,30055444,Posted: 20 February,all,<<CJ>>,"WOW !Gameplay wasnt too bad, but was really peeved when i was picked up to fly to Australia and suddenly the game ended !!WTF was that all about ?An unfinished game released to public.Very disappointed.Dont buy this version of the game as it is."
76561198077278736,Not Recommended,258180,30120447,Posted: 23 February,all,afropolak,"Worst game ever! NEVER EVER BUY IT ( even for few cents )You will feel like disabled man with certain set of skills that will allow to hunt down and kill anybody, but jumping is not within his skils. Any fan, or in general : Gamer that play previous Deus Ex will be disapointed.Message for the creators : Please warn players that it's a port of a mobile game, with a storyline shoter than 1h."
,Not Recommended,258180,9661798,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Prf.ValianceTheQuestorOfAZ,"It's basically a PC locallization of the android game. What they don't tell you is that it's not the full story, but just chapter 1. The level design is still top notch Eidos work, but I can only really reccomend this to diehard fans. (who honestly, would have already bought it by now for $10.)This has almost nothing to do with Deus Ex HR. Which is an amazing game. Go play that first."
,Not Recommended,258180,11950370,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,MTT,Absolutely this game is not worth your time and money. dont you even bother to play... -.-
,Recommended,258180,24833137,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Sarmin,"The graphics are astounding.I love the immersive gameplay of using 2 sticks at once to control camera flowing smooth.The size of the game impressed me the most. Many levels with multiple rooms in them, its a real jump in technology.The dialogue is gripping and the voice actors the best I have heard so far.I am truly glad that I got over my phobia of games and upgraded from my Spectrum with this, it even runs smoothly on it!Weird, innit?"
76561198064766629,Not Recommended,258180,10003929,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,ParaBellUm,"Very buggy game and this is only a partial release.  Only one hour of gameplay before a ""To Be Continued"" screen shows up"
76561198049699422,Not Recommended,258180,12145052,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Ayrton Neff,This game is a complete lie! This is not the Deus Ex sequel we wanted! We never asked for this! And most importantly it is called the fall despite clearly coming out in the spring! Way to make a bad game and lie about it from the get-go Deus Ex people!
76561197972423341,Not Recommended,258180,13332232,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ambrsia,"story unfinished, waste of time."
,Not Recommended,258180,14374874,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,[Tri-Power] Rex Colt,"Hmm. Deus Ex but bad and uninteresting. So, Is this the anti-Deus Ex?This game is about illuminati so it earns a point for that.6/10 With illuminati5/10 Without illuminati"
,Not Recommended,258180,15228397,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Cookie R.I.P Computer,"Wow uhm, this game really sucks. Don't buy it, like really, don't. It's broken and it looks really bad."
,Not Recommended,258180,18010945,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Smathrar,"StoryIf there is a story, it's rushed and incomplete.  The game ends with a TO BE CONTINUED before it even picks up.You play as Ben Saxon, an ex-tyrant, who is off the grid. You are trying to find a supply of Neuropozyne so that your body doesn't reject your augmentations while you (GIRLFRIEND???) stays at home and suffers from Neuropozyne withrawl.GameplayYou can tell it's an iOS port. It's bad, real bad.Sometimes while shooting, your gun will stop.   It won't start shooting again untill you select another gun and then go back to the your original weapon.  There's so many loading screens. Go five feet to reach that loading screen over there to go another five feet and reach a loading screen and then come back and you've wasted 5 minutes of your life only to realize that you've just completed the most unrewarding sidequest you've ever done. The lack of a decent physics engine causes you not to be able to pick up boxes and move them out of your way or throw them at enemies, instead you press E and the box slides into a set position, sometimes from behind an airvent. To top it off, you get a crappy AI that throws grenades in the wrong direction and can't see you while you're in front of them.ConclusionThis is a bad stealth game. This is a bad FPS. This is a bad Deus Ex game. It's unfinished and probably never will be.Spend your money on any other Deus Ex game if you want a solid stealth fps.Lemon-Lime/Orange (3/10)"
76561198035102728,Not Recommended,258180,11682774,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,The-Red-Ranger,"This game was ported from a mobile format, and my God does it show.It looks terrible, the controls are awkward, and it was clearly not made by anyone used to putting much effort into their games. Add in the inventory system that was obviously (and badly) adapted from a format built around micro-transactions, and the result is not a good one.I'd never even heard of this game until it popped up on a sale, and I wish it had stayed that way."
76561198006765810,Not Recommended,258180,15563996,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,MrPink,"Short, lazy, ugly, stupid, buggy. Nothing in common with Human revolution.Shameful display."
,Not Recommended,258180,21791997,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Kylo Nakata,"Deus Ex: The FallAfter seeing all the hate this game got I still bought it because I love Deus Ex and wanted to give this game a honest review. While I understand all the hate this game does do some things good.The gameplay:This game plays almost completely the same as Deus ex: Human Revolution only worse and with less features.You got your choice of going loud or stealth into a situation and overall you get quite a bit of choice.Hacking is complety the same and the weapons are a mix of new ones and older ones already in Human Revolution.One thing this game does very wrong is having a shop that you can use at any time taking away most of the reason to explore.The graphics:Are very outdated and quite frankly ugly, character models are not good looking textures look bad and the gun models look undetailed. It has the same orange glow style that Human Revolution had.The soundtrackIs pretty good and the sound design is pretty decent, voice acting is pretty good aswell.The story:I was very interested in the story and it was pretty nicely done the problem is this game is really short and I did not find any reason to replay it. It end suddenly and for no reason really and then just says to be continued in part 2 the thing with this is there is no part 2 and probaly will never be made.Conclusion:I find it sad how short this game was i enjoyed it but that is simply because its just like Human Revolution only worse.If it lasted longer I would recommend it a bit more because at the moment its just way to short.I say only buy this game if it is on sale for a low price.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, And checking out my Profile for more reviews."
76561198082523590,Recommended,258180,9737952,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Araujo2013_BR,"I´ve just started playing and I haven´t finished the first mission yet. However, here are my comments:CONSThis doesn´t look like an Action RPG, instead, it is surely an Action Game. Hence, it seems to be no RPG elements.PROSMovement are smooth;Inventory gives players the full list of weapons, items, gadgets possible to be found throughout the gameplay;Visual and environment resemble previous DE HR installment;Gamepad users can choose from customized keyboard assigned keys plus Xpadder-like software or a full XBOX controller support;Aiming system is combined into shooting system. I mean, hold to aim, release to shoot;Cover movement includes the vault feature like Mass Effect 3;Weapons upgrade is visual. Now, you can see which upgrades can be used for which weapon. I mean, now every weapon has it own list of possible upgrade in a more visual way.It seems to be a enjoyable game."
,Not Recommended,258180,11473821,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Ganryu,"When it comes to the story of this game, it seems rather fitting and somewhat appealing for a Deus Ex game when you read about it. Unfortunately, actually playing the game seems to show that it’s the exact opposite; with a storyline that’s difficult to follow without losing interest along the way, as well as boring dialogue and rather uninteresting characters, you’ll honestly have a hard time following what’s going on. The conversations between NPCs, whether they be related to side missions or the main story, are drawn out quite a bit with some unnecessary information that could’ve been easily skipped. On top of that, the game seems to rely more on literally telling you everything it can about one particular moment in the game, instead of letting you find the information yourself along the way. This kind of breaks away from the norm people expect from the Deus Ex series, which takes away from digging up necessary information and replaces it with extended dialogue that could very well make the player lose interest in the game.In terms of visual quality, this game is a bit mixed in terms of quality, but ultimately comes off as a bit sub-par for a PC title. Deus Ex: The Fall runs on the Unity engine, demanding very little to play on its highest quality and allowing players with a low-end system the ability to play this game without worry. The Fall also makes use of the assets from Deus Ex: Human Revolution, giving it a more fitting appearance for a Deus Ex title. However, this is about as far as the game goes in terms of positive remarks on its appearance; although the environments look good, the lack of shaders seen in the game tends to take away from them, leading to a somewhat dull appearance when comparing it to Human Revolution. Male and female NPCs are also very low quality and seem like something you’d expect from an older game, and are extremely limited in terms of variation; at most, you’ll see one or two models that look different from each other based on gender alone, while every other NPC will literally be using the same model and a maybe variations of the same textures. There’s also the matter of the weapon models having noticeable smoothing related issues that give them a lower quality appearance when compared to what you see in Human Revolution.The sound quality isn’t exactly the best either, but there isn’t much to say about it since a majority of the sounds used in Human Revolution were re-used for The Fall. Although most of the ambient and weapon sounds seem to be taken directly from Human Revolution, some of the sounds you’ll come across sound really poor in quality when compared to others you hear throughout the game. The voice acting itself is also not that great either, with little to no emotion being present whenever someone is speaking and making it seem like the actors themselves weren’t even interested in their lines. There’s also no variation between voices used for generic NPCs like there was in Human Revolution. There’s also a couple of issues with the sound where certain audio clips seem generally out of sync, such as when you speak with NPCs and they end up doing a sort of puppet-style chatter movement. There’s also no pauses between lines in conversations, so everything seems like a rushed conversation whenever you talk to someone else.In terms of gameplay, this game is just a horrible mess of unbalanced combat, poor controls, and buggy AI. Not only were the controls for the PC and controller setups rather buggy and unpolished, you also don’t have the option to re-map your bindings to something more fitting to your own style of gameplay. The combat system was also rather clunky and unbearable at times. The AI used by enemy NPCs was also a bit lacking in terms of being intelligent, considering that you can literally walk right up to an enemy and shoot them a couple times before they or their allies even noticed you. The game’s difficulty is also heavily unbalanced, being a bit too easy in areas where the difficulty would need to be increased and being overly difficult in areas where it shouldn’t be difficult at all. The Fall makes very little use of the available weapon models from Human Revolution, only using a select few and re-purposing them with very minor tweaks to provide a larger “selection” of the exact same weapons with slightly different stats; considering that you can go through the entire game with two of the cheapest weapons available and not have to worry about running out of ammo, this system is highly unnecessary and rather pointless. There are also various points in the game where certain functions or prompts won’t appear where they are needed, such as when you are hacking a computer or door panel and need an auto-unlock device; the prompt simply doesn’t show for the item that’s needed, and you’re pretty much forced to either hack certain devices manually or find ways to slow down the security system when hacking. This can be very aggravating at times, especially when it involves important parts of the game. For example, you supposedly only need one AUD (Auto-Unlocking Device) to open a security panel or have access to a computer without having to manually hack a device; I ended up having to mod the game to create a debug mode just to give myself a bunch of AUDs, and I still couldn't use any of them until I completely restarted the game. The only positive thing I found in terms of the gameplay was that the inventory system was re-vamped, removing the need to play “inventory Tetris” and just buying or equipping whatever weapons/items you need at the time. While it does partially take away from the feel one would expect from the iconic inventory system that’s been used since the first Deus Ex, it does provide a bit more relief in terms of how much of a single item you can have stored away for later use.Overall, Deus Ex: The Fall was a rather shoddy port of an already sub-par mobile game. The visual quality is decent enough to still look good on a low-end system, but there’s a large amount of room for improvement on the PC version. The sound quality is also nothing special due to the re-used assets from Human Revolution, and also suffered from rather low quality more often than it should be. The gameplay itself is just atrocious, having more problems than it honestly should and just being a pain to work with without taking some time to calm down mid-play. In all honesty, this isn’t a game worth buying for the PC; if you’re really wanting to spend ten dollars on a game, it really would be in your best interest to spend it on something else."
,Not Recommended,258180,20686865,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Itsu,I got this in a bundle without realising it was there and still feel ripped off. Waste of time and money
,Not Recommended,258180,14757969,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Iridium,"I love Deus Ex. I loved HR. I never played this on a tablet or anything, so when I saw it here for just a few bucks it seemed like a great idea to try, even if I knew it wouldn't be anywhere near as polished as its predecessor. And I was completely and utterly unprepared for how bad it is.The story is alright, at least. The screenshots up there look acceptable but rest assured, most of the time it looks like garbage. The animation is bad. Lips don't sync at all, characters are all wooden. And it's buggy to boot: I gave up in the first chapter after falling through the floor four different times. The whole thing is a port, and it definitely comes across like an atrociously bad port.Just avoid this. The scraps of story it offers aren't sufficient to redeem it to the real DX fans."
76561197974912593,Not Recommended,258180,9627921,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,ReÑ¡ciÐe,"This game sucks. Not only are you not able to re assign controls, but It only has one save slot. Since my guy got stuck in cover, I cant reload a previous save. I tried un and re installing and he is still stuck. I only got to ch3. Lazy programming.  Extreme let down."
76561198040187541,Not Recommended,258180,10331944,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Panamon,"Too  bad. At first, I didn't realize it was just the first episode. After about **6 hours**  playing (and I am one of those exploring every dark corner just to see what concept artists decided to put there) the game finished like this, abruptly.""Damn... - I though - wtf?!""Well, I think it should have been expressed more clearly for the player / payer (sic), that this is just a few bits more than a simple ""demo of a prequel"". And this is a bad negative point, expecially because I am not sure other episodes will be developed: what will be augmented in the next episodes, if you can augment your alter ego stats to the max in 5 hours?!I really loved Deus Ex  Humant Revolution: it was one of my favourite games ever. The story was great, the script was wonderful, the game runned flawless, with cool and funny gameplay: the whole world built up by the devs was really fascinating.This new release is very different. It's SHORT, it lacks any improvement, and it really sounds as if somebody decided to squeeze some more pennies out of the Deus-Ex-Chicken franchise...A last note: I can't stand the main character... He looks exactly like the French actor Jean Réno. I like the actor, but I think it's not the right face for this kind of game (we are not in the 90s anymore).________________ITA:Non ci siamo. Dapprima non ho realizzato che sarebbe stato solo ""primo episodio"". E dopo circa **6 ore** di gioco  (e sono uno di quelli che esplorano ogni angolino buio solo per vedere cosa ci hanno messo gli artisti e i grafici), il giorno è finito. Così, all'improvviso."" Ehi! - ho pensato - Ma che c...?!""Beh, penso che avrebbero dovuto spiegare più chiaramente al giocatore (pagante)  che questo non è altro che una ""demo di un prequel"" o pochi bit in più. E questo è un brutto punto  negativo, specialmente perché non sono sicuro che altri episodi verranno sviluppati...  cosa aumenteremo nei prossimi episodi, se possiamo maxare il  nostro alter ego in 5 ore?Ho davvero amato Deus Ex Human Revolution: è stato uno dei miei titoli preferiti. La storia era grandiosa, lo script meraviglioso, e il gioco girava senza difetti, con un gameplay figo e divertente: gli sviluppatori avevano costruito un mondo davvero affascinante.Queta nuova release è molto diversa. E' BREVE, manca qualsiasi miglioramento, e suona davero stonata, come se qualcuno avesse deciso di spremere ancora qualche centesimo dalla serie di Deus Ex.Un'ultima nota: non sopporto il protagonista... E' identico all'attore francese Jean Réno. Mi piace l'attore, ma non mi pare sia la faccia più adatta a questo genere di gioco (non siamo negli anni 90)."
,Recommended,258180,29720084,Posted: 5 February,all,Professorhunter25,"Okay so i completed this game.Time for a review !Pros:-The voice-acting is top notch.-The level-design is good.-The gameplay is good (don't expect to be as good as DXHR).-The main-mission and side-quests are alright.-The soundtrack is great.-No microtransactions (like on mobile).Cons:-This game is a mobile game ported to pc (yea...)-The game is short (around 4 hours for the main story and 7 hours for completing the whole game).-The ending is a cliffhanger (and sadly we may never see the ending).-The story is not ended.-The area of the game is pretty tiny compared to the other Deus ex games (it may be because of the mobile limitations).-Alot of loading screens (they are quick tho).It's not a bad game,but because it was made for mobile it lacks alot of things.9/10-for mobile game.6/10-for a pc game.I recommend getting it on sale (i got mine with 2.50 euro on the steam store)."
,Not Recommended,258180,10847233,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Deus Ex Draco,"You're better off buying Deus Ex GOTY or any other than this.To start with, it's a poorly made port from the iOS or Android version, audio gets stuck at some parts. Audio from other parts from the game repeats, and repeats, and repeats, over and over again, like if your pc had blue screen, but the game is still running. Poor audio sync with characters, and cutscenes, you have to press any key twice or more to get it to work. The graphics would be acceptable for a 1998 - 2001 game, but not for a game made in 2013. As for hacking and interaction with objects, it's completely broken and you can't hack like you're used to in Deus Ex: HR, you can only hack what you're ""allowed"". Inventory itself is gone. Combat is also broken, you perform a takedown and get ready to fight the others. Have you read the other reviews? Good, they're all right after all, if you want to buy this just to keep it in your library, and look at it (but not play it) then go ahead, otherwise, i've seen better made indies for less money. We could have waited a little more, to get a decent port, but this had to be rushed.If you bought this on a summer or winter or whatever sale, it's still wasted money....."
76561198046278680,Not Recommended,258180,11024909,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Drebinglock,Compared to Deus Ex: Human Revolution this game is absolutely horrid. I can only presume it was intended for mobile platform...even so what is it doing on steam if that is the case?I was actually looking forward to playing this after completin HR. I can't bear to launch it however after playing such little time I have.
,Not Recommended,258180,21102702,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Galveraxe,"I was actually unaware this was a mobile port before playing it... but it was clearly obvious by how clunky and bad everything is. And why do mobile games insist on making tutorials that limit the user to only being able to click certain things to teach them, forcing them to do so to continue.When did people become lazy at teaching their players? Square Enix continues to disappoint me over and over.I definitely don't recommend this game - like the majority of others."
,Recommended,258180,9694178,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Erxkum,"I had low expectations, I've read the PC Gamer review but being a Deus Ex fan I bought it anyway but the truth is I'm actually enjoying the game. When compared to other games on the series, this one is without doubt, the weakest but being a spin-off and actually having a low launch price(10€ offers the first Deus Ex from 2000) kinda makes up for it in my opinion.Let's get down to business, the game is a straight mobile port, it has low polygon models, average textures anmd it is clear that it is a mobile port because, you can't jump, the control scheme is mobile friendly and there's some bugs on the GUI that are a consequence of the ""touch"" to mouse conversion done badly. With that said, it feels like a bare-bones Human Revolution experience, and a small one, but while it  might lack much replay value and there are some hard to ignore faults, the experience is fun and that's what counts in my opinion, it does leave you the feeling that it could be so much more.Why do I recommend this game then? Because if you don't compare it to the other Deux Ex games, it's enjoyable, it's a side story in the Deux Ex universe, and I think it's worth at a 6€ or lower price gauging for the experience it provides versus the faults.My final word? Get it at a sale, it's fun but given it's faults and length, not worth 10€."
,Not Recommended,258180,11146354,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,BorisTheButcher,"A crappy mobile game port - poor graphics, bad controls, bad gameplay."
,Not Recommended,258180,11174046,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,StevenlAFl,"This is awful. Do not buy. The UI is horrible, the gameplay sucks♥♥♥♥♥ and they make you go through this terrible tutorial where you are stopped every 5 seconds to read something."
,Not Recommended,258180,11136076,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Enzan,"Only get this if you really really really really really really like DXHR and want to see some of the backstory.Also only get it on sale.Terribad Graphics, Terribad Voice Acting and Terribad Controls. The Deus Ex Icarus Effect Book is more enjoyable.Better Titles: Deus Ex: The Fail."
,Not Recommended,258180,13201726,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Pharaoh Dez,You trade the ability to jump for the ability to punch through walls.That'snotagoodtrade.
,Not Recommended,258180,18802760,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Rapxtor,"This was one of those games that i really had hard time to decide if i was going to waste money on it or not, even being a Deus ex fan since start, finishing the game before even bought it, didnt help too.This was Mobile game that was ported to the PC with so little effort in it that almost granted all the sales only by using Deus Ex label, wich may pass wrong impression for new player that come for the first time to the franchise and start by first playing this game.There isnt any comparation with any of the games released to date, and is shame to see such poor game linked to a great series, but its not all bad things, and if we can forget about the other games while playing the Fall, you can still get something out of it, because the setting is there, it was just poorly executed.The game isnt optimazed for PC since lack some of its features, the graphics are poor and even voice actors are just hilarious to game that wants to be linked with Deus Ex world.To fans, it may be something to have in your library if you can buy it on sale, to a common shooter fan, you have far better options on steam store."
,Not Recommended,258180,13155639,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Moonwolf,"You are seriously calling this thing a standalone game? this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! not even 6h of gaming and Im through.It had more bugs than DE:HR and the NPCs are even stupider than back then.DE:HR was not beating a dead horse but you thought: ""Hey why not shoot that horse with an RPG and get some more money from everyone!"""
76561198004034546,Not Recommended,258180,10916523,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dr. King Schultz,Regret every penny and every minute playing this.
,Not Recommended,258180,9609403,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Bad Sector,"Before i begin, let me say that the game as it is right now has several issues, including a bug with vsync that makes the game unplayable with broken mouse controls and recoil. If you have seen TotalBiscuit's WTF is... video you'd know what i'm talking about (note that TB didn't notice that this is caused from vsync). The workaround is to enable vsync, but this introduces input lag. The developers should fix this ASAP. But in hopes that they do, i'm going to ignore that for now.Now about the game. AFAIK story-wise this is supposed to be the sequel of a book (Icarus Effect), which itself was a prequel to the story of Deus Ex: Human Revolution. Sadly the game doesn't seem to make much of a introduction to this and for the first hour or so you will feel disconnected from the characters since it starts assuming that you already know them. Personally i had never read the book (i actually didn't knew about it, but now i will try and get it) so it took me a while to get any attachment with the characters. As the game began i didn't knew why i should care about the main character, especially considering his background. The fact that the game seems to ignore some parts of the book didn't help either (at least according to people who have read it). Fortunately after a while, once you start figuring out what the actual story of the game is all about (which happens about when you meet the crook doctor, a few moments after TB decided to stop playing the game, if you watched that video) both the characters and story start to pick up and become interesting.The game's visuals are ok, they remind me of some early 2000s games. The environments are good to look at, although if you have a large monitor you'll certainly notice the low texture resolution and the bad tiling in a few of them doesn't help either. Still, as far as environments go, they are nice to look at and remind of lower fidelity version of HR's environments. The worse parts IMO are the character models: they look attrocious, especially the heads of the woman junkies which are all over the place. The lighting on them equeally bad, as if someone didn't knew about smoothing groups in 3ds max or whatever modelling program they used and there doesn't seem to be enough animations for all the character actions (f.e. at several points the enemies will try to strafe left and right but there isn't any animation for that so they just slide with their feet motionless). The only good model is the one of the pilot you'll meet near the end, but even that looks like a bad copy of Faridah Malik (and apparently in the Deus Ex:HR universe all pilots must have a mole :-P). But if you can ignore the bad character modelling, the game looks fine. Technically it is quite simple, but as a theme the visuals work fine.The best part IMO is the sound - the guns sound good and the music is really good. At a couple of places i just stopped playing for a while to listen to the background music. Most of it sounds like a remixed version of HR's music (which i suppose it is) but i think there are a couple of original scores as well.Sadly, following the bad modelling the game also has bad voice acting with hilariously awful accents. The only good audio come from the TV broadcaster Eliza, which i assume uses the same voice actor as HR. The writing doesn't help either since in many cases you'll be left wondering why the writers thought that a specific line was a good idea.The gameplay is basically a simplified version of HR's gameplay. You still have the hacking, shooting, sneaking, etc as HR and the original game, but the RPG elements are mostly removed beyond a very simplistic upgrade system (which most of the time isn't needed, except in a couple of areas where you have to use a specific augmentation). Also you can upgrade guns, but i didn't notice that, never needed it and finally decided to try it out almost at the end of the game but even after upgrading a gun to the maximum settings it didn't made much of a difference. Also there is an in-game shop where you get to buy stuff with in-game currency that you gain by doing stuff. I suspect that on iOS this was tied to IAP because the shop is available at any point (not just to some vendor or whatever like in HR) and contains almost everything you may want, including even a kit that brings you back to life when you die. This makes the game much easier, although the most interesting items are expensive enough so that you don't get them instantly. Still, it removes the tension from small things like running out of bullets (since the price of the bullets is very low).The level design is ok, but for the first few levels it is quite linear. The interesting levels begin at the slums, where you start getting alternative routes and more areas to explore (incintentally this is where TB stopped playing). Up to that point it was mostly linear and played more like a tutorial than the real game. I think the devs thought nobody would have played HR so they wanted to reintroduce the gameplay - and did it in the worst way possible, by destroying most first impressions and filling the first few moments with awful tutorial panels with one of the most obnoxious voices you'll hear in a tutorial. The game however becomes even more interesting in the later stages like in the hotel.Wrapping it up (and because i got bored typing this :-P), i think that there is a good game in there that tries to come out and the story is interesting, but the way it is told and the presentation (as far as animation and character models  go at least) isn't up to the task. I don't recommend it for the full price, especially considering the bugs that the game has, but i would recommend it if the bugs were fixed and the price was halved. It does have some interesting moments and does provide some story to the Deus Ex universe that seems to fit in, so it has that going for it. Also the gameplay, even if simplistic, can be enjoyable - if you can overlook the first hour or so.I'm not generally recommending this game unless you are a fan of Deus Ex that is curious to see what this has to offer (and again, i'd recommend to wait for a price drop). If the bugs are  fixed and the price is dropped, i may change my recommendation to Yes, but even then be cautious about the other issues that the game has and mentioned above."
,Not Recommended,258180,9614127,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,tekdude7,"the story is good, the programming is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game sucks and after like 2 hours of playing and like 3 mission it says ""to be continued"" it leaves you at a cliff hanger. the aditional content says ""story will continue stay tuned for updates"" its been like that for a long time on the phone games... it doesnt seem like itll get updats. dont bother buying, itll just drive you nuts."
,Not Recommended,258180,12690597,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,crudpuppy,Dam I expected a game not a short pos ending way before it should...read some stuff about it being IOS and this was known but heck I look at the thing on steam wathc vids and had so much hope as I loved previous but this sucked
76561198086863644,Not Recommended,258180,23897966,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,linqserver,Unfortunately I have to agree with majority of other reviews. This game is not suitable for PC gamers. Graphics and characters look hideous because it is a port from mobile platform.
,Not Recommended,258180,19339395,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Spaph,I never asked for this.This is The Walking Dead: Survival Instinct for the Deus Ex series.
76561198119332619,Not Recommended,258180,14370095,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Halfrican Jones,"This ""game"" is a joke...that's all it is, it's a joke compared to the franchise RPG fans grew up with.  Setting itself up as the Spin-Off of Deus Ex: Human Revolution, you play as Ben Sakson, ex-Tyrant who has some cheap voice acting, even with the reprising cast from HR.  The story does have potential, but the cheap characters won't live up to the franchise' legacy.  Maybe if this wasn't a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port of a mobile game, then we wouldn't have to worry about the franchise for a second time, like we feared Deus Ex: Invisible War.The Negatives-Voice acting ranges from cheap to terrible-The graphics were clearly not updated for the Steam version-The Key Bindings are awkward and terrible, you can't even change them either-The game claims it has ""Full"" controller support, but the Left Stick and Start button don't work!-The Right Stick/Mouse sensitivity is out of control-Open world and Jumping are eliminated (mobile game)-The shooting mechanics are both wonky and slow-The cover mechanics are broken-A.I. range from psycic mediums that know where you are to outright idiots who can't see perapheral vision!-THIS GAME COSTS REAL MONEY"
,Not Recommended,258180,24166746,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Quinlan#Team Grimmie \|/ 4EVER,Very bad and easy game :( Its realy a ''Fall'' of Deus Ex
,Not Recommended,258180,11236603,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,| T H E | C U R E |,"Possibly the worst game ever made, If you enjoyed human revolution please do not waste your money on this travesty."
76561198038902177,Not Recommended,258180,25813835,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Strey,"Terrible controls, holds your hand nonstop, graphics are worse than the original game, completely changes the way the game works."
,Recommended,258180,25794927,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Fry,"Fun, but way too short"
76561198067711477,Not Recommended,258180,10737663,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,joodez,"I usually don't review games, but this is necessary.  This is by far and away the biggest waste of $10 I have spent on a video game.  I don't know how they managed to ruin the combat system so much from Deus Ex Human Revolution which wasn't that great to begin with.  There's nothing really worth playing here.  A mediocore at best story line, with the clunkiest cover system I've seen.  You won't figure much out about Deus Ex Human Revolution by playing The Fall.  It's a plain terrible game.  I hope they release more content but actually spend more than a couple of weeks throwing it together.  Seriously, what a dissapointment from the original game.  Do not buy."
76561198108104820,Recommended,258180,20457297,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Aghyad,not that bad
,Not Recommended,258180,13566145,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,lethal_guitar,"Buying this was a painful reminder to always check reviews before getting something. It's actually a ported Android game, and I guess it's fine if you want something to play on your tablet. But as a PC game, especially a Deus Ex game, it's a joke.The UI is big and weird, and not just in the usual console port way. It's really strange and awkward to use with a mouse. (It's probably more or less the original made-for touch-screens interface)The tutorial forces me to do very specific things, like attaching a silencer to a certain weapon. So much for player choice.While the art style definitely looks like DX:HR, the level design is much simpler, the rooms are smaller, more blocky and your choice of non-obvious approaches usually boils down to a single alternative air-vent route.Combat doesn't feel that great, you basically have the same cover system as in DX:HR, but it didn't work as well, can't quite say why exactly, it just isn't as satisfying. And the AI is really wonky and stupid.I can't say much about the story, since I didn't play that much, but it certainly wasn't interesting enough to keep me playing despite of the lackluster gameplay.Finally, my GTX 980 didn't even go above 35° C when playing, which tells you everything you need to know about this game's graphics."
,Not Recommended,258180,18495518,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Rotnac,"It doesn't matter how hardcore of a Deus Ex fan you are. This game is an unbearable hot pile of garbage that has no business existing outside of the mobile world (or at all to be honest). I bought this game a while back when it was only $2 and after enduring just under an hour of trying to see this game through, it's simply just not worth it.I don't have a clue how this game is $10. It's not even worth your time if it was FREE.Here is what you get in Deus Ex: The Fall:-A story that should be interesting but absolutely isn't-Abysmal voice acting-N64 style FPS (you can't jump, plenty of tight corridors, when characters talk outside of cutscenes their mouths don't move, etc.)-You can't run. You can walk or walk slower.-Controls are clunky and buggy-INSANELY long audio logs scattered around. If you want story, prepare to stand still in a room for several minutes at a time. The voice acting in the audio logs are also awful.Plain and simple, this is a clunky half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cash grab.If you're absolutely hungry for more Deus Ex then don't make the mistake by playing this. Play DX1 or DX: Revision, play DX:HR again, play Invisible War even! Anything else with the Deus Ex name is far more worth your time.Avoid/Don't Recommend/Stay Away/Kill It With Fire/0 out of 10/I Didn't Ask For This."
76561198041566875,Not Recommended,258180,20915837,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,khannea.suntzu ZENGAMING.NET,Beautiful but suffocatingly unplayable.
76561197987357391,Not Recommended,258180,9748158,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Kleid,"This game is a terrible representation of what the Deus Ex games have to offer.  The entire look and feel of the game feels rushed.  Even the existing game mechanics such as inventory and cover are buggy.  Voice acting sounds like they saved some money there as well.  Bad model meshes and textures, simple animation, and super linear missions make this a game to miss.  I would rather just replay past Deus Ex games than play this one."
,Not Recommended,258180,14822621,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,vampig,"EIdos montreal, please, never, never let to do your games to polish game ""developers"". Terrifying!"
,Recommended,258180,35424910,Posted: 2 October,all,Kaen,"only thing i don't like. otherwise ists a nice littel stealth game. short story. if you're all about that achievement life, you can get all of them pretty quickly.wouldn't recommend buying full price, but if you get it as part of a bundle like i did, and have it, there is no good reason NOT to play it. even with the mediocre controls, the stealth is pretty fun in this game."
,Not Recommended,258180,13539976,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,venice (b ^_^)b,i'll always regret one thingi paid for thisactual money
76561198041934087,Not Recommended,258180,14410041,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kodax,Ready for Deus Ex: The Fall 2
,Not Recommended,258180,15706642,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,COCKpit,"INTROWorth playing if and ONLY IF bought in the Deus Ex bundle, and that's only because it only last's a few hours. Now the actual reviewPROSAnything half decent you'll find in this game is only there because this game is essentially a watered down Human Revolution. So some fun stealth and solid shooting mechanics, but that's all I can say good about this gameCONS1♥♥♥♥♥AI2♥♥♥♥♥graphics3♥♥♥♥♥voice acting4♥♥♥♥♥story5.easy as♥♥♥♥♥6.Cliffhanger ending. Game feels like it's setting up for an episodic thing (says ""to be continued"" at the end) but never got any episode cause of how♥♥♥♥♥it is7.Augmentations(perks) and guns don't matter, and what I mean by that is that the AI is so dumb the only thing you'll ever need in this game is a silenced pistol with a few damage upgradesCONCLUSIONGame's♥♥♥♥♥don't play♥♥♥♥♥10"
76561197960767364,Not Recommended,258180,20818199,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,mth,Feels like a big step down from Human Revolution both control and graphics wiseedit: it was a mobile game
,Not Recommended,258180,13803406,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mr. T,This game literally made me want to kill myself.
,Recommended,258180,32774090,Posted: 25 June,all,Slyse,"I've mostly heard nothing but bad things about this game, and I don't get it. Fully enjoyable from start to finish. Nice to get some backstory on a few characters as well. I was stressing out getting some of the achievements, namely Pacifist-ones, but managed to get all but one on my initial playthrough, and the last one within 15 minutes of New Game +. I enjoyed this a lot, and will give it 9/10."
,Not Recommended,258180,33331179,Posted: 6 July,all,Ponthegan,"Deus Ex: The Fall is not an abhorently terrible game as the ratings might suggest, but it is a bad and unecessary port of a fairly decent mobile game (I did play the iOS version of this game first and is also why I was intrigued to play it again), which is why I am not reccomending it.Deus Ex: The Fall on Steam is wholly unecessary.  It is a very basic port of, what was built and intened to be a functional (and somewhat impressive iOS game for it's time), and on those mobile platforms, I believe it sucesseded.  The problem here is that there were no moves made by Square Enix to formalize this into a console experience, and so it fails as one.-- The graphical and audio fidelity is akin to what the PS2 and the original Xbox can push out-- The enemy AI is insultingly dumb, practically non-existant, resulting in very little challenge for the player whatsoever-- The world design is pathetically straightforward providing a very linear, fairly bland, and repetitive experience.-- The menu system is adequate at best.  The store is uni-directional, meaning you can't sell anything, which is terriblyinconvienient.  Item, ability, and weapon ""hot-keying"" is cumbersome and if it weren't for your active abilities it would be altogether useless. The absurdity of being unable to map your own controls is an archaic flaw.-- The hacking mini-game is the absolute best part of this game!  I would actually go and perform hacks, even when unecessary, just because it was so fun.-- The achievements are actually quite reasonable all things considered.  If you're a completionist (like myself) the achievements almst make it worth it.-- There is a story here, and I have read the supplementary material that relates to this game making it more worthwhile, but it's nothing ground-breaking and unless you are a fan of the series entirely forgetable.--The dialgue sounds very canned and cliche, I ended up just skipping over most of it to be honest.  You are given the opprotunity to choose dialogue a few times, but it is almost inconsequential and easily navigatable.I only relied solely on ""stealth""  in my one playthrough and I don't see how or why you would want to play this game any other way.  Even when I played it on iOS I was hesitant to play more aggresively because I doubted the gameplay design, balancing and mechanics to perform well enough.  This skepticism remaned unchanged and I really don't think this game should be played any other way just based on my two experiences with it.There is a game here, but it is so so very bare-bones.  I got everything I could possibly want out of this game on my first 10 hour playthrough with no intention of going back to play NG+ (yes, they actually offer that).  If an unchallenging, uninsipring, not-unique 10 hour experience is what you're looking for this is your game right here, but for everyone else, if you really want those easy achievements, wait to get the discounted Deus: Ex bundle like myself."
,Not Recommended,258180,11011922,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,JackE,"Just like it's amazing predecessors, Deus Ex and Deus Ex: Human Revolution, Deus Ex: The Fall allows you to play your own way. Either you can play this hand-holding, broken, and linear piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ or you can uninstall it and save yourself some time."
76561198170074143,Not Recommended,258180,29884193,Posted: 12 February,all,Fb||Hobohunter104,"Yes, I know this is a mobile game. But it should have been massively improved for a PC release. Take Assassin's Creed Liberation for example. Without saying much about the actual game, the gameplay, controls, animations, models, and textures were massively improved from the Vita original to be close to par with actual games. This however, shows no change from the ios version. Textures are garbage, controls are locked in a garbage setup, models are garbage, and the whole unlock system reeks of mobile gaming. You can't even jump. That's right, there is NO JUMPING in this pile of trash. Lowest possible effort in a mobile port I've ever seen.The game is quite enjoyable as a mobile game on a touchscreen device as it is meant to be. If you want it, get it on your phone. The ONLY possible pro about this ""game"" on PC is the fact that it is pretty much garaunteed to run at thousands of frames per second even on a ten year old computer, because of it's simplistic mobile graphics and tiny environments."
,Recommended,258180,10758641,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,londiste,"short version:this is a pc port of a very convincing mobile (android/ios) deus ex game. ""mobile"" being the very key word here with port leaving something to be desired around the control scheme. obviously its setting and much of the game mechanics is copied or adopted from deus ex: human revolution (dxhr). story is also closely related.a playthrough will take 4-5 hours on average and around twice as much for a completionist/achievement hunter. for a deus ex fan or someone who liked dxhr, this game definitely contains a good amount of fun.longer version:let us start with the good - this is a faithful deus ex game. gameplay is close to dxhr with most of its good sides still very much present. several approaches to any situation (combat, hacking, sneaking, maybe talking), hacking minigame has remained practically the same, getting additional augmentations with praxis (either purchased kits or level ups from gained exp).setting, graphics, writing, background is also same as dxhr, maybe visuals being even a bit more yellow this time. naturally, you will find several tie-ins to dxhr (and some to other deus ex games) in conversations, e-mails and logs.fortunately, dx: the fall has not gone the way of linear progression. with the exception of introduction/tutorial, the hub area with the linked locations can be freely roamed and pre-cleared if you wish. some areas get repopulated at quest triggers but there are only a couple that seemed to do that.story is not bad in itself but considerably more shallow than expected. could have been used to give a bit more background to the tyrants but the overall theme remains with the daily struggles of fugitives and almost sidequest-level main questline. also, there are several references to part 1 and game ands with transition to what would seem to be another hub area so it is safe to say this was meant to be a first episode in an episodic game.graphically, it looks like you would expect from a decent mobile game today - so in pc terms it looks only slightly better than the original deus ex from 2000. however, due to the setting still being excellent the visuals still work ok for a budged-priced game and naturally it works just fine with any remotely modern pc.unfortunately, its mobile roots do bring negative aspects to the game. i think a list is a good way for this so here goes - design decisions that are ok in a mobile game but are questionable or simply out of place for a pc game in 2014:- there is no jumping- levels are small and clearly compartmentalized so that low-powered hardware would not have trouble rendering the levels.- while dxhr ai was not groundbreaking, it was decent. the one in this game is not. most (of the limited few of) npc-s are completely static and the ones moving around are patrolling on limited trajectories. there are reactions to player actions (ex: hacking) but these are extremely limited in both range and function.- the world has no physics. an example: there is still an augmentation for lifting heavy things but these specific heavy crates are acting like glorified doors.- hacking does seem to be slightly modified, no hacking enemy-controlled nodes any more. this is annoying in some cases. available hacking layouts are very limited and will start very obviously repeating already about 25% into the game.this leads us to the real problem with the game - who in the world thought such a lazy port would be a good idea? porting the control scheme from touchscreen to mouse and keyboard (or gamepad for that matter) has gone very awry somewhere along the line. i do not even know where to start so i will just make another list:- menu items and ingame  buttons have a horrible delay. basically, they  need a second after appearing to start functioning. there is an indication at the buttons for when they are pressed but the indications are slight and you will find yourself often clicking on the button and wondering if it did work or if you were too quick.- looking around with mouse is very choppy and not due to fps but due to something inherently wrong with the look controls.- using keys is often uncomfortable. couple examples - space does not make you stand up from crouch as in most games. if a container is being looted and there is nothing in there, the dialog can be closed only by pressing esc or moving mouse to ok button.- one savegame system is a crappy decision today but ok. but when saving from the menu while in game, the notification about game being saved is nowhere to be seen. it is logged in the game (that is covered by the menu) and a mild sound is played. that is it, and this is definitely not ok.- usable item highlighting is not reliable. in addition to some items not being highlighted (ex: drawers), highlighting simply does not work at some angles.- use prompt on screen can be a mess when there are several usable items. ex: person and computer next to each other both get use prompts highlighted and you can not be sure which one is activated when pressing e. it is probably due to prompts being separately clickable on touchscreen but leaving this in when porting is inexcusable.- minor, but annoying gripe - mousewheel scroll in logs, books and e-mails scrolls by 5-6 lines, which is a lot. keys and scrollbar do not work, dragging the text does. again, nobody cared to change the behaviour that was ok on touchscreen."
,Not Recommended,258180,9563139,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,You´re Whalecum!,This is a horrible game! I love DE:HR but THIS is total crap! DONT BUY
,Recommended,258180,19802540,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,DigitalRonin,"Deus Ex: The Fall have a good storyline! However since it is made for mobile devices, the game is broke on the PC which  Square Enix should've changed, it should be Deus Ex: Human Revolution. I recommend this just purely for the storyline only and I hope to see a sequel to this if they fix the broken and bugged playstyle. Only buy this when it's atleast 50% discount."
,Not Recommended,258180,9566326,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Big Digger Nick,Garbadge .
,Not Recommended,258180,9562547,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,jwise505,"This game does not totally destroy the Deus Ex expeerience, although they really did try.  I didn't expect perfection.  i actually like the story line so far. I  haven't been able to figure out how to use the hacking ability.  I can't get it to work same way twice. I even wound up using a combination of the keyboard, mouse and controller and i still don't know how I made it work.  If they are really planning to release more episodes, I hope that they go back and take a close look at what they did and didn't do and at least try for a game with some degree of the Deus Ex quality that we all have come to expect."
,Not Recommended,258180,9568006,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Clooney,"controls are clunky, this is not an offical expansion by the original creators. this is a moblie game"
,Recommended,258180,13874623,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Snowz,"This game is apparently episodic. Ends on a cliffhanger, sequel probably wont ever exist.The total length is about one chapter from DE:HRArt style is nice, tho it's more yellow than beforeMusic works fineSurprisingly high detailEveryone's forearms are so skiny why. I get low poly for ios/andriod but low poly doesns't mean f'd up proportionsAlso, you can tell this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ phone/tablet game by the store. By anything, anytime, and revive packs. That stuff is the norm for poor crappy tie in phone games, doesns't belong in proper games, which is what this PC port is trying to be.If you liked HR then yaydidn't care for HR? then nay"
,Recommended,258180,17856828,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sherman,"its a mobile port. dont expect anything more. gameplay functions similarly to human revolution except designed for mobile devices so the shooting is clunky and the hacking barely works. that being said i do actually enjoy it, the stealth is pretty well done despite the brainless ai. and the story and locales are entertaining enough.if you're super into deus ex its worth it to get"
76561197990406921,Not Recommended,258180,15065503,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MMG Man,"pretty mediocre, trying to ride of the success of human revolution"
,Not Recommended,258180,9570039,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,TenshiRyu,"DO NOT BUY THIS!!!! This is the worst Deus Ex game I've ever seen!!!! And the I haven't even bloody played it yet (EDIT: I couldn't post this review without bloody ""playing"" the game. I didn't play it. I just let it sit on the main menu for 5 minutes, minimized to the taskbar of course!) ! I saw the review from TotalBiscuit, which told all I needed to know about this crime on humanity.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEpfTfgzWp0This game will be deleted without playing a single second of it and land in my Trash Bin category.This might teach me to pre-order games from now on. Probably not :( luckily this was only 10 Euros."
76561198084239937,Recommended,258180,32727832,Posted: 24 June,all,DEV,"DATE : 24-June-2017 (Completed story & collectibles)SETUP :Windows 10 64-Bit, MSI GT80 (980M SLI) Laptop, Logitech G700S MouseRATING (rated as if released in 2017)Optimization : AStorytelling : AGraphics : DSound : AControl : AFun Factor : AValue : AA good side-story to Deus Ex: Human Revolution, unfortunately this game only contains Part 1, the planned Part 2 never get released. Graphics quality is not that good, but since this game originally released for smartphone, I'm not complaining. I think the developer did a good porting job. Gameplay is really fun and similar to DX:HR, but more simplified, think of it as DX:HR Mini. I got this game really cheap from Steam Summer Sale 2017 Deus Ex Bundle and for me it's definitely worth it. I just hope one day we will get Part 2 and the rest of the story."
,Not Recommended,258180,21744056,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Lord Gestrüpp!,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,258180,29862476,Posted: 11 February,all,Lumber,"A shity game, contains gluten and a bad storyline.Wouldn't even recommand to a die-hard Deus Ex fan."
,Recommended,258180,35146564,Posted: 23 September,all,GR34TD3STR0Y3R,"If you love Dues Ex like me this game is worth 2$. For 2$ or less, thumbs up. 2$ or more, thumbs down. Its a 2-3 hour game. If you REALLY REALLY like Dues Ex like me (I have 110+ hours in Mankind Divded alone), then you might spend 5-6 hours with this game. Its Dues Ex light for sure, but Dues Ex nonetheless. If you are not a mega Dues Ex fan, then skip this game. You are not missing a thing. But I am a guy who even read the Dues Ex prequeal book tied to this game I love Dues Ex so much. But like I said, its two hours long and its Dues Ex light. So just don't go in expecting anymore than that."
,Not Recommended,258180,9567221,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,<2,"This game is like Deus Ex Ivisible war! Not worth playin it, even if it was free, the gameplay is rounded for crappy consoles, the graphics is ~like ten years backwards...Don't buy!"
,Recommended,258180,11529342,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Aniki,"I beat deux ex HR. then i played this when it was at 4.99.This  is by no means a ""Complete"" game or anything of the sort, but its not that bad... I played it for teh story and i clearly wasnt expecting some mindblowing stuff, but i was dissapointed at the way it was structurized. This game is clearly a mobiloe port in all its crappy ways. But then again what would you expect?Overall: Its not that bad, but its not that good either, but if you beat other previous deus ex titles and you are interested in this one; ill say go ahead and buy it. but do not expect much... i mean, seriously.This game is Indeed The fall LOL"
76561198045180883,Not Recommended,258180,34493937,Posted: 25 August,all,Pingus,"Might make a decent phone game, makes a terrible PC game"
,Recommended,258180,17896858,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,CorvusCorax,"The Fall tells the story of Ben, a mercenary, who works with Namir's team then gets betrayed. Essentially, the story is his struggle against his former team members while at the same time he tries to uncover why there is a shortage of the so-called Neuropozyne which is a must medicine for all augmented people.Now, what should be noted about the game is that while it looks similar to Human Revolution it is a toned-down version of it. This was initially released for iOS mobile systems but later on was ported to the PC. Unfortunately, many limitations remained on the PC version so much so that this is amongst the worst PC ports.The upside:- an interesting story that serves as a sort of prequel to Human Revolution; while it is not as complex or interesting as the ""main"" game it is nice to see Ben's story through and meeting some familiar faces during the missions- considering it was initially made for the iOS the game looks quite well - naturally, textures are of lower resolution and characters / objects consist of fewer polygons but the creators did their best to make a game that reminds us of Human Revolution- the story wraps up around 5 hours which is not bad for a game originally intended for mobile phone users; many achievements and a new game plus mode make sure we have a long-lasting experienceThe downside:- Putting aside the toned-down graphics the game has some awful limitations: jumping and picking up objects is simply not possible this time. While the former I did not particularly mind the latter would have been good for distracting enemies. Also, the inventory we have now represents the shop itself: all items show up in our inventory, we just need to buy the missing ones - provided we have enough cash. They could have just put a vendor guy somewhere in the slum to make it a little harder to purchase stuff.- Pressing buttons does not always work. It's best to click twice when picking options during dialogues as the game finds it really hard to register our selections in menus. During gameplay this is not an issue. Oh yeah and the menu options are simply HUGE - they could have just created a different main menu with smaller font size.- While the 5-hour long story I appreciated I did not understand the ""to be continued"" message at the end. The ""Pacifist"" achievement that refers to the story calls it ""Part 1"" which makes me assume originally there were plans to release further episodes. I guess the game did not do well financially.Deus Ex The Fall is an interesting game whose shortcomings mainly stem from the fact that it is a port. While I do appreciate what N-Fusion has done with a little more effort the result could have been closer to offering a real PC experience.Do I recommend this game? Well, if you are not a die hard Deus Ex fan I do not. But if you are and you do not mind spending 2 euros when the game is discounted you may find this game an entertaining one. After Human Revolution and before Mankind Divided I enjoyed the ride - I just wish it'd been better."
76561197980194750,Recommended,258180,13629830,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,JC Denton,"I'm actually a huge fan of the Deus Ex franchise (played all of the games multiple times) and all other games in this genre (System Shock, System Shock 2, Bioshock, Ultima UW, Fallout 3/NV, Morrowind, Skyrim, Half-Life (all), etc...basically any immersive games like this from way back to now...yes, I'm old). I've also never written a review for a Steam game before but felt I had to re: this one. I don't remember what the original price was for this game but it must have been high because I can think of no other reason for the rabidly-bad reviews. Either that or it was heavily patched by the time I bought it. I actually put off buying this for a while due to these reviews which I shouldn't have.Frankly, the game isn't THAT bad...I actually like it, for what it is (a tablet port). And I think that's the problem...everyone bought it expecting Deus Ex: Human Revolution 2 (which, of course, there is no way a game like this could be...again, it's a TABLET PORT) and then got all♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off thinking they were cheated some how. For what it is and for what I purchased it at ($4.99), it's exactly what I was expecting and is a lot of fun, which is all I ask for in a game. I wouldn't buy it for $59.99 but I would have paid more than I did...say in the $15.00 range. The ONLY thing they definitely should have changed was the single save game...a bit risky and a strange design decision...but I haven't had an issue with it yet. But for $5.00, it's a steal. If you like the Deus Ex milieu, BUY IT."
76561198144996245,Recommended,258180,23899384,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Marbar,"Deus Ex: The Fall feels a lot like a discount version of Human Revolution, but it still manages to keep the great atmosphere and gameplay of it's predecessor.DE:TF was first released on phones and tablets, but was later ported to PC. The port was not well received, because of its graphical downgrade from HR and some bugs. However, in my opinion the graphics, while downgraded, still look fine because of the great artstyle.  I didn't encounter many bugs in my several playthroughs either. The only one that needs to be mentioned is the click-detection bug. Sometimes you can't click buttons while in menus, and it is really annoying. Definitely not a game-breaking bug though.The story in TF is not as good as in HR, but it still kept my interest all the way through. Unfortunately it ends on a cliffhanger, and it's not likely that we'll ever get a continuation.The gameplay is similar to that in HR. You have many of the same weapons, as well as augmentations. The levels have many different paths to take and optional rooms to explore. The areas are smaller in this game, as a result of it being made for mobile devices.Sound design is pretty good. Most of the music is borrowed from HR, and it really enhances the game's atmosphere. The voice-acting is also decent, with good performances from the main actors, and everyone else performs ok.All things considered, Deus Ex: The Fall is not a bad game. It's not as good as Human Revolution, but that's ok considering the price. I enjoyed it enough to play through it 3 times and unlock all achievements, and I recommend it for anyone who like the Deus Ex series."
76561197968780022,Not Recommended,258180,12824837,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ultack,"The worst crap ever, don't touch this."
,Recommended,258180,9738437,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Cannonaire,"Deus Ex: The Fall is fun in the same way as the other Deus Ex games.At least, it is for me. Deus Ex: The Fall is a short, but good, discrete portion of Deus Ex gameplay. If you have played any of the other Deus Ex games, this one is like an open-world segment of the other ones (e.g. Hong Kong in the original or Cairo in Invisible War.) The area is full of hidden things to find and side-quests to complete, and follows the Deus Ex tradition of allowing you to decide how to proceed from point A to point B. That said, if you are looking for a challenge, you will not find it in this game. Even though it was still very fun, it was ridiculously easy. I had no trouble finishing all of the achievements.I am likely not a great judge of story quality, but it seemed coherent and easy to follow. The quests made sense within the context. Some of the voice acting was great, specifically the roles reprised from other entries in the series. Much of the voice acting was not so great though - I would say about on par with the original game or Invisible War.The pacing is much quicker than the other Deus Ex games, but this is to be expected due to the scope of the game. You can easily unlock almost everything you want in one playthrough, and you can start a new game+ and keep your augs and inventory. Speaking of which, the inventory system is a bit different. Instead of arranging your items on a grid or giving you a limited number of slots, you are simply able to carry everything at once. I never played the mobile version of the game, but I suspect this is influenced by micro-transactions. Thankfully, there are no microtransactions in the PC version. The game must also be applauded for allowing you to skip lengthy cutscenes after your first time.The gameplay and action are very much like Human Revolution, but I found the controls to be much more responsive. There was no input lag that I could detect. I set my mouse sensitivity to the lowest in-game setting and it felt about right (my mouse is 1800 DPI), but it doesn't give you fine control, which may put off those who measure and use the exact same sensitivity in all FPS games. There is no 'jump' button in the game, which feels slightly unsettling, but you are able to hop over certain obstacles. To put it bluntly, it is difficult to perform this maneuver with any consistency. I also do not know of any way to disable the view-bob, but it is not nearly as bad as it was in HR. Aside from those two complaints, the movement was fantastic and the game just works.Oh yeah... except that there is no way to remapanyof the controls. I know this is a tablet/smart phone port, but for a PC game this isheinous. I was able to use a utility to change my keyboard key bindings and force my preferred controls, but such a step is fairly technical and should not be necessary in the first place.The game looks rather good for a mobile port. The textures are fairly low-res, the geometry is simple, and the animations are a bit stiff, but everything looks consistent. There were no elements in the game world that stood out as far more or far less detailed than others, which importantly gave everything a cohesive look; it can hardly be overstated how much this improves the look of a game. The Fall supports MSAA, which is far better than the post-process AA you are stuck with for Deus Ex: Human Revolution. I was able to force 16x Anisotropic Filtering and 8x SGSSAA using nVidia Inspector with no glitches, and the game looked much better. I had no framerate issues at these settings on a GTX 460, which never dropped below 75FPS (VSync on).I had a lot of fun playing Deus Ex: The Fall. It was fun in the same way the other games were fun for me - it scratched that Deus Ex 'itch' I guess would be a good way to put it. I definitely got $9.99 of entertainment out of it and I was happy to have more Deus Ex. I highly recommend The Fall to Deus Ex fans.Good:- It feels and plays like Deus Ex- I experienced no bugs or crashes in over 17 hours of play- No microtransactions- MSAA support- Consistent graphics make the game look better than the sum of its partsBad:- It's short, with an unresolved story- Extremely easy- No control remapping- You only get one save file (though you can save as often as you want after the tutorial)- Much of the voice acting is mediocre*EDIT*I did run into a single interface bug in which two screens overlapped. I believe one was to enter a code for a lock and the other was for quickload, and I had to exit the code screen, which was underneath, before I could use the top window to reload. This only happened a single time for me though."
76561198036268070,Recommended,258180,19379681,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,GalaxyN787,this was a good game but way too short. The stoy seems good but was not finsih.
76561198089572340,Not Recommended,258180,13221710,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ten,"Not as great as Deus Ex HR, this game was made for IOS and has now been moved onto PC. The game at the moment is really buggy. The game has a nice story which is enjoyable but as soon as you starting to get into the intresting parts of the story it comes up with the big ""To be Continued"" which really annoyed me.I recommend to just go buy Deus Ex: Human Revolution and if you've already played and completed that, just wait for the new Deus Ex title to come out.To sum it all up, this game is just a huge step back from Deus Ex HR and i'm hoping they don't do the same with Deus Ex: ""Universe"" (Universe is just the name of the project not the actual name of the game)6/10"
,Not Recommended,258180,9674594,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Maldecta,"I'm a newbie to the Deus Ex franchise, but I will say I love it. I started with Deus Ex: HR, and I'm planning on working my way through all the games.That said, this is kind of a mixed bag of a game. I'll break it down:Length: 3/5.This game is an iOS port, meaning it's shorter than the average game, but in its defense, longer than the average iOS game. I was rather surprised by the sudden ending/cliffhanger, so be forewarned. Overall meh for PC, but understandable.Replay Value: 2/5There is something to be said about the replayability value of an old fashioned skill-tree. This game does a good job of that, and the lethal/nonlethal gameplay adds to it. The story leaves much lacking if you have any skill at this sort of thing because, honestly, it wasn't hard to get everything aced. Overall, for alternate playstyles it might be fun, but I wouldn't invest my time.Story: 4/5This isn't up to the standards I hold for games, which are admittedly very high for a story-driven franchise like Deus Ex. However, this is a great ""episode"" style story that really gets the feel of whats going on in a condensed form. I like it, and I don't have the qualms with it I had about Deus Ex: HR. Over all, above average, and exceptional considering it was intended for iOS.Controls: 1/5Ever play Dark Souls with a keyboard? Absurd right? You'll beg for that when this game is done with you. My mouse would skip around (likely an issue with centering code...) so that I was often turning in massive skips and stutters. This wouldn't happen in menus, but in menus the mouse clicks were subject to motion cancel (in other words a click with a minor drag cancels the click) likely as a result of iOS tap vs swipe code. It seems like they gave the imput code to one intern over a month and took what he had and taped it on there. Its playable (which is why it doesn't get a 0) but be careful in a firefight or you might accidentally shoot a wall to your left instead of an enemy in front of you. That, and you might start bashing your keyboard into your monitor if you have a tendency to swipe your mouse while you click; trying to hack with that.... is frustrating.Gameplay: 4/5Disregarding controls, the gameplay felt much like a simplified HR, something I can respect. The various shops are relatively cheap, and honestly you can get far more than enough credits by the end (I had all the guns I wanted, plenty of ammo/augs, and 20k+ credits, IIRC) likely as a leftover from the microtransactions system. Other than that minor qualm (that actually helps newer players, so I don't complain) I enjoyed it. The only issues with gameplay came from controls, and one annoying AI glitch; the robots tend to ignore enemies that are not directly in front of them. And I mean directly. It didn't hurt all that much, and I only encountered it once, so overall, I'd say a pretty good system.Overall: 3/5Crap controls and a short story combine to make this a frustrating to play (but enthralling none-the-less) addition to the Deus Ex franchise. I liked the story and the gameplay system, so I kept playing, but the controls and replayability, as well as the minor glitches and short storyline, punished me for liking it. All in all, worth $10, but barely."
76561197985253346,Not Recommended,258180,9692559,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Liao,"Anyone who played Deus Ex: Human Revolution will instantly notice that this knock-off is a bad joke. Visually the game sucks in comparison to what was seen in Deus Ex HR. Character animation is rightout cheap, it looks static and lifeless, models and textures of weapons and characters are low resolution and particle effects are crappy to non-existent. Menus work poorly or not at all, the worst part: controls cannot be remapped at all, gamepads don't work for most people, if not for everyone, even though the game explicitly says ""full gamepad support"".Story and general dialog are badly written and don't even come close to what one would have expected from a game bearing this title.The gameplay feels more like a linear scripted shooter, with the option of using a very inconvenient and sadly obsolete active cover system. Enemies move around like sticks, guns don't show any recoil and feel very static (NPC guns included).The only positive thing I can say about it so far is this: The soundtrack isn't too bad ... but that's pretty much it.So, a rather disappointing experience, I heavily suggest not buying the game if you liked Human Revolution. This thing is something completely different and unworthy of your time.I will play it through once, but just because I've already paid for it. It would require some heavy patching to make this thing into anything even remotely ""good""."
76561197982897247,Not Recommended,258180,9863116,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,woodnuts,WTF??? Just finished Panama chapter and game comes to an end?? NOWHERE on Steam is there any mention that this is just a partial game. What gives Steam? No truth in advertising? Each aditional chapter gonna cost $9.95? And for such a crummy game. I loved Human Revolution. This doesnt come close.
76561198006919058,Not Recommended,258180,9573844,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,pikkle0,"Cheap and crappy port.  The one redeeming quality is that it's still Deus Ex and still has that feel, it's just that you're only allowed to feel it through oven mitts."
,Recommended,258180,9771334,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Detective Sadist,"Since there are many reviews on Steam telling you not to buy the game I will give the quick pro's and cons as to why you should buy this.CONSStereotypical English accent (Gets quite annoying after a while)Controls a little unusual and unchangable (i.e. no jumping)NPC's don't look as good as they shouldCan glitch a little but nothing gamebreakingPRO'SGreat addition to the Deus Ex Universe.Gameplay is relatively the same.Story and tie in's to the other games are great.Graphics are great for a mobile port.Main story and side mission give at least 5 hours gameplay which is good for a first episode.Atmosphere is greatMusic fits in amazinglyI would say get this game if you are a fan of the other Deus Ex games. Maybe think twice if you have not played the others since a lot of information and background is from other games.I really hope that they continue to make The Fall games and release them on Steam, ignoring all the other oversensitive reviews."
,Not Recommended,258180,30694405,Posted: 23 March,all,DeadCase,"Okay, so, the lack of ADS was craptastic but I adjusted to it. The story was okay for the first part in say an episodic game; however, there are no episodes!!!! It's just a cliffhanger, no DLC, no indication they're working on anything else. Just buy the new full game. Talk about a let down."
,Recommended,258180,29794906,Posted: 8 February,all,MusicforMovies,"Although this is a Mobile port the game is playable on the PC; the only really annoying quirk I have noticed is that you have to sometimes be in the exact spot with the mouse pointer - especially in menu screens - for buttons to activate properly.   Keyboard keys  - i.e. Enter instead of mouse clicking - help allievate this somewhat.Overall, this game provides some backstory to the characters and events preceeding Deus Ex Human Revolution; while certainly not as polished, nor up to the standard of Deus Ex Human Revolution, the game - despite being a mobile port - still maintains a good portion of immersion in the Deus Ex universe.Not recommended at full price, but acceptable if on sale and as a prelude to Human Revolution."
,Not Recommended,258180,31245132,Posted: 19 April,all,tamanous,"Everything is said in the other comments.Graphics, voice acting, animations are worse than in HR, npc civilians have barely any life, even their texture skins differ more in color than in cloths. The game falls somewhat short (7 hrs for sneaky completionist), the sory is unfinished, no continue planned.The gameplay is very similar to HR, though of course it lacks quite some elements. The faulty buttons and laggy menu were most annoying. The GUI felt, concidered this game is a mobile game portet to PC, ok, but as always: sneaky-guy needs no grenades nor firstaid nor many guns.Get it in a bundle or with huge discount."
76561198124432969,Recommended,258180,23888362,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,jeff higgerson,Great game but it felt a bit short 7/10
,Recommended,258180,17911072,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Spooky Skellington,Great game with some glitches but its still fun
76561198045778159,Not Recommended,258180,13649283,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Pajkys Čavalles,"I,m feeling decieved, terrible game, just a way how to drain money from players of original game. Don't buy it, probably you will be disappointed."
76561197987353127,Not Recommended,258180,13756210,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,kfj001,"This game has like 2 hours of gameplay, TOPS. The story is kind of intriguing, the music is ok, and the gameplay itself is ok... There's just not much of anything to see in this mobile game that lasts a STAGE."
,Not Recommended,258180,10026274,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Cam,"Instabought this without realising it was a mobile port, weaksauce."
,Recommended,258180,11417242,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Onyx,"Deus Ex: The Fall is the 4th game in the Deus Ex series. It was first released as a mobile app then soon later ported to PC. But is the game a terrible mess like what everyone is calling it? In my opinion, NO. I think Deus Ex: The Fall is a good game for people who like the Deus Ex series. It has it's problems such as awkard combat, and basic graphics which were desgined for phones. But these problemes can be overlooked. It has a great story (Which is really short), great combat even though the combat is awkard (it uses the same combat system as HR), great mood and tone.It's not really a bad game.Story:8/10Graphics:5/10Gameplay:6/10"
76561197970026242,Recommended,258180,19449151,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Lucidtomr,"Interesting game with Unique features. I had bought this mainly for the story, expecting all the negative reviews to be as bad as I thought, but it wasn't that bad. The Billboards are more vibrant than in DXHR, and the new stealth aug which warps you to nearby areas is pretty cool. It does have flaws and limitations, but not nearly as bad as some users make it out to be.Pros:+New Augmentations+Fast Switching slots (weapon/items) customizable+On Demand Market+able to disarm mines+easy to understand gameplay+Reasonable pricedCons:-Unable to jump-Vaulting doesn't work most the time-Unfinished StoryThe first level is a tutorial, it seems akward at first, as I'm used to American speaking games, or atleast the introductions. However the tutorial does seem to hold your hand when playing, but it's only 1 short level. I had bought this wanting to learn more about the story, but was disapointed to find out it wasn't finished. I hope answers to that will be resolved in the next Deus Ex.I recomend this only to hard core fans. If you expect a 60 dollar game for a fraction of the cost, then you'll probably be disapointed."
,Not Recommended,258180,23552998,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Knack 2,Noone Asked For This.
,Not Recommended,258180,17867259,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,ChazTheHorse,Gave me cancer
76561198008584423,Not Recommended,258180,10729598,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,|BoM| DeanWinchester,"One of the worst console ports I have ever seen.  You can't even customize the controls.  It's a slap in the face to the main game (Human Revolution), which is one of the best titles I've ever played.  Stick with the main version or the director's cut.  This is a waste of cash."
76561198082200630,Not Recommended,258180,9570893,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Curtis316,bad bad bad. bad graphics. bad screen res settings. cant change controls. quick cash in attempt don't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,258180,9570688,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Mantermite,"Sadly I am barely a couple of minutes into it and wondering what is wrong with the graphics, then I think I will just set them up to max and then also reconfigure my keys as it doesn't utilise the Deus Ex: HUman Revolution reconfirgurations.Hang on.  I can't do either!NO key reassignment sand the graphics are just naff compared to the prior game.Sorry backward step?  I'm confused."
,Not Recommended,258180,9577373,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,miletius,"Dues Ex: The Fall is badly optimized for the PC.  Controller support is not fully implemented, and graphical options are very limited.  In addition, the story is not complete."
76561198020051164,Not Recommended,258180,9575412,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,War_Falcon,"I really should have read the player reviews before anticipating an awesome sequel to Deus Ex that I loved. Controls are shoddy and unresponsive, the graphics look terrible as if this game came way out before Human Revolution, and i almost threw my computer out the window due to the option menu sometimes refusing to open up (buggy menus?). I REALLY hope the developers patch alot of these errors and polish gameplay or I would steer clear of this game."
,Not Recommended,258180,9576172,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,See²,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ GUI buttons don't always work, and the first 5 minutes of gameplay is so full of bad voice acting, animation, and just plain bugginess. An absolute waste of money."
,Not Recommended,258180,9577075,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Hans Solo,"Storyline is nice and was the main thing that kept me going through the game.Controls are shoddy at best, nothing like human revolution.Audio buggy as hell, half the time there is no sound except for background music.Graphics outdated as hell, this is NOT a HD port.Looks like this is a low quality cash grab to leech some extra bucks of deus ex fans."
76561197986600158,Not Recommended,258180,9577388,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,lightmaker1980,Short Not sweet and totally underwhelming!!!
76561198023859269,Not Recommended,258180,9578177,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Inferno1200,"If you decide to play it, play it for the story, not the game. Its a pretty bad port of a moblie game. And its not worth 10 bucks. Its also not even a complete game, ends on a cliff hanger. The game is short and laggy, has plenty of model bugs and errors. The only good thing to say is that you can buy a gold pistol........ thats about it. So if thats worth 10 bucks to you then don't let me stop you.Look if you want to not be dissapointed just go play Human revolution on ""Give Me Dues EX""."
,Not Recommended,258180,9578395,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,itsjay,wish i hadn't ... this is a step bacward..  more like a step and fall offf the back of the bilding..  this makes the first deus ex look good.. it mite be better if they patch it up several times!!!!!!!!!!!!sorry had to rant it was that disapointing..  :(i can't tell anyone i know to but this ...  i hope they do something with it....bad   ..  just bad..
,Not Recommended,258180,28667950,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,JokuJinSama,WTf... lucikly i didn't spend too much coins on this
76561198076749308,Not Recommended,258180,9564127,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,erdeli_octavian,baddddddddddddddddd
76561197985362094,Not Recommended,258180,9609824,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Blackegg13,"I would not recommend this game at the moment. Why? Well, you can't play sneaking game without proper sound!!!! Randomly the sound dissapear, and randomly comes back. For now it's NO."
76561197991236113,Not Recommended,258180,9616398,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,john_t_brett,"The game starts off with a full-screen window, centred across my desktop. Given that I have two monitors (who doesn't have at least that many?), this neatly spans the gap between them. It does only play in a window (no full-screen mode) At least I can move the window ...The story-line is driven by frequent video clips and lengthy dialog which, whilst well done, disrupts game flow. At least much of it can be skipped, at the expense of passing up on all of the background information.The graphics look poor and lack the quality and crispness of DX3. Often I'd find that, whilst turning, the display would freeze for a few frames, then suddenly jump.The vents in particular look clunky and really stand out. Finding a vent or secret path no longer evokes a sense of pride, but more that of inevitability, with the majority being highly predictable.The origin of the game in paid-for content is still evident with the 'marketplace' - an always-accessible page to purchase any of the game's weapons, ammo, weapon mods, items or bundles thereof.There is no restriction on the availability of any of these, making firepower solely a function of money. Talking of which, money never seemed to be in short supply - in part because I was always able to wait until the last moment before buying any gear I might need.Praxis points/augmentation upgrades again came thick and fast, removing the sense of satisfaction in the early parts of DX1 and DX3 of navigating a difficult situation through skill rather than technology.The controls further the departure from PC-centric to console-like key combinations. Quick slots allow you to pick which item/grenade or aug to use, but don't actually invoke them - that's another keypress.Mission difficulty can't be set. Instead, you play the whole mission at the easiest setting and then you get the option to replay the entire mission with your accumulated wealth, equipment and augs.Talking of missions, there is only one.The initial tutorial in Moscow is so linear and driven by the tutorial that you might as well be a drone doing as you're told. The tutorial constantly demands the user to use both keyboard and mouse to navigate through it.The only real mission takes place in Panama, and has a handful of side quests.I'd cry if I hadn't been here before. As DX2 was to DX1, so is Deus Ex: The fall to DX3. I can only hope that Square Enix actually make a decision about whether they're trying to write a console or PC game, and go with it.There is so much potential in the DX world, and even The Fall has potential and some good basic plot-lines, but at the moment that potential is not being realised.John"
76561197984996554,Not Recommended,258180,9564239,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Angry Man,"Do not buy this game, you can't change keybindings. I hope they will patch that in a update."
76561197972110072,Not Recommended,258180,9605602,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Nobsteele,If you're looking for more of the same of the original Deus Ex : Human Revolution then really don't bother with this piece of crap.Feels totally half-arsed with♥♥♥♥♥♥poor voice acting... I could only manage about 41 minutes of the game before I had to switch it off and some of that was because I actually fell through the floor and had to restart a level again.As usual i should have checked MetaCritic for reviews before impulse-purchasing this... the opinions there are pretty much spot on.AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
76561197964866568,Not Recommended,258180,9609350,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Crusader_bin,"As can be expected from a mobile port, the game has pretty bad models, animations and textures. 8x MSAA AntiAliasing doesn't help much here, but all in all, that is no the most important aspect of the game.What IS pretty bad here though, is sound. It appears that some lines or sounds do not work, as if there were not enough channels, it doesn't sound right, often it is muffled too much and voice acting is terrible.Like always, you can use non-leathal takedowns, but the game is simplified and so easy that it seems a total waste of time.Locations are smaller and do not offer as many opportunities, and when they do - they do not feel rewarding at all.Game has the cover system and many kinds of weapons, leathal or not, but it is mostly just a simple shooter. Doing anything else with it feels forced and mundane.The core story is pretty weak, especially since voice actors don't even try to act, sometimes reading their without any emotional impact.The littered audi logs and ebooks offer more quality suprisingly and are nice fillers.Overall, the hardcore Deus Ex player could get the game for it's low price and enjoy it.All the others that just want to play a good game? Id's say skip the title or wait for a 75% promo.It's hard to decide whether I should recommend the game or not, but since most people are NOT hardcore Deus Ex players, I will not recommend it, unless you look for some fillers to the whole Deus Ex story. I'd give it a score of 50/100. It would be a decent game. In 1999."
76561198040784225,Not Recommended,258180,9615689,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Sparks,"Whatever you thought of the iOS version, the PC port of Deus Ex: The Fall is a mess. The controls are bad, the graphics are bad, the animations are bad, the interface is bad. N-Fusion seem to have done nothing to fit the game to the PC experience besides ""make it run"", which considering it's running on the Unity engine was pretty much a given.Controls are locked down to developer specs, which includes jamming your entire non-weapon quickbar including active augmentations on the 'F' key.The graphics are obviously still expecting you to be running this on a mobile device, with resolution and windowed/full-screen being the only graphic options. Do yourself a favour and run it in windowed at smallest resolution, because anything else just smears the texture pixels out more, it doesn't add any form of clarity.The only animations that look right are the robots, because at least they're meant to look unliving (or is this commentary on the augmented state?), everyone else just sort of slides around the room making vague leg-stepping motions. Namir and his cohort are particularly glaring here, as his mesh is obviously blockily animated and low-poly (dat elbow bend), WHEN THEY ALREADY HAD ACCESS TO A HQ MESH OF HIM FROM DE:HR. Why not just reuse that?The UI seems to be about brute forcing knowledge into your brain as bluntly as possible. Pop-ups indicating usable objects seeem to cover a quarter of the screen, usually obsuring the thing they're indicating. The tutorial is particularly bad for locking out other controls until you do whatever it is you're being instructed about now, even if those other controls are things like ""walking"" or ""crouching to avoid being spotted"".Ultimately, it comes across as being a game made for PC or console, with the corners cut-off and ground down so it could fit on a mobile, which they then stretched out on a rack so it could fit on a PC again. If you want a Deus Ex play style, play Deus Ex: HR again, you won't find it here. If you want more story from the Deus Ex universe, go read the wiki."
,Recommended,258180,9873724,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,ArKHaiXLEGION,"I honestly have no idea why this game gets so many bad reviews. Just because a game doesn't have good graphics doesn't mean it's not good. I mean look at TES III: Morrowind and Half-Life 1. It may be a mobile port, but still, This game is pretty great so far. Beyond that there isn't really a reason to call it a bad game. Can't wait for future content."
76561198094599391,Recommended,258180,31342815,Posted: 24 April,all,ViNkeNTeRinG,"So the general consensus about this is game, is that its terrible. Well, I don't agree with this. I think it's a pretty decent Deus Ex game, keeping in mind this was made for mobile phones. Of course the graphics aren't as good (they aren't bad though, and it runs quite smoothly), the controls are a little iffy (they are made with controllers in mind, so maybe get one of those), the story a little less deep (the cliffhanger ending is so bad, really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that they didn't develop anything else after this) and the overal package just, less. But for the low pricepoint (I got it on sale for 2,49) you can buy much worse. I wouldn't recommend this to newcomers, as this is one of the worst points to start with Deus Ex. But to seasoned Deus Ex players (or people who really ♥♥♥♥ing loved Deus Ex: Human Revolution aka me) this is a really fun little experience with some nice backstory to add to the Deus Ex lore. Oh yeah, the music is also ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. (some tracks are recycled from DE:HR, but there are a couple of new tracks that are really good!)"
76561198060602564,Not Recommended,258180,15496286,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Tofetz (Blipz559),"Let me start off with this; It is a 30 minute long mobile phone port sold for $10.00.Now that I have that out of my system let me continueI played the Original Deus Ex and loved it, a couple years later the sequel comes out to it Deus Ex: Invisible War my reaction to that was a Meh not worth a second replay then a few years ago a long awaited 3rd installment to the series came outDeus Ex: Human Revolution and I loved that game and played it a few times through, THEN this pile of garbage showed up in my Steam News page so i bought it figuring since its Deus Ex it can't be terrible, and then i got in and instantly reallized it was a mobile phone port with terrible gameplay and rediculous Mid-Game Buy-What-U-Want-Whereever-U-Want shop that made the possible 1hr of gameplay so easy that I finished it in 30 minutes.If your wanted my to recommend it to anyone, then I recommend it to people who dont have standards when it comes to gaming, Or my worst enemies. Either way, I would probably throw up saying that I even remotely recommend it."
,Not Recommended,258180,15299448,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,wany1981,"A very uneventful game with just about no depth at all. I know it's a prelude game to the actual Deus Ex series but this is just one to milk some rich kid when they play this on iphone to spend money buying good guns. Once Ported to PC without the pay feature it just don't have any redeeming quality at all.Graphic is okish, Voice is okish, Quest is simplish, Map is smallish, Story is Crappish, you can probably buzz though this game in less then 2 hours with guns blazing if you don't care about credits and auguments.Do not get this one unless it's under a dollar."
,Recommended,258180,16032693,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,[DXS] Garrus,"This ""game"" has given me mixed feelings. On the one hand it's fluid and open to various gameplay styles and mostly enjoyable but on the other I cannot neglect the large scale of bugs I discovered/encountered, some of which impaired my ability to continue (getting ""teleported"" into a wall after a take-down).With all that in mind I do believe this game is still worth playing despite it was designed for mobile platform thus these issues as I'll call them are bound to occur. Overall I consider this a great, if not short game."
,Recommended,258180,18636130,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Mornblade,"This game has gotten many bad reviews, but I'm finding the game really enjoyable. It's a small scale game, but it's also a $9.99 game. The gameplay and story aren't pitch perfect, but they're good. This is derfinitely worth the 10 bucks for a walkthrough."
76561198066348512,Recommended,258180,14362672,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,DoctorSushi,"It's not very good compared to a full price game, but if you get it on sale you can have some fun.  Don't expect anything great here, but I had fun playing through it for an afternoon."
,Not Recommended,258180,9557455,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,YNPxGreyxWolf,This game will frak and cause a BSOD of your pc
,Recommended,258180,17930518,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,arakan94,"It's quite average and extremely short game but I had good fun, so I'd recommend it for around 2€.I have to admit, that I never played any Deus Ex game (so my opinion is unbiased) and I expect them to be much better. I played this for story (it's prelude to Human Revolution) and don't regret it.Just to warn you - it takes a while to get used to controls and they don't work well in menus."
,Not Recommended,258180,14874741,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,kowalification,"Yeah... This game SUCKS! It's a shoddy iOS port with the mictrotransactions ripped out. While I am grateful for the omission of mictrotransactions, it SUCKS on account of being an iOS port, as opposed to being a proper, well done Deus Ex game. Eidos Montreal seem to have had issues making this. It's a disgraceful contribution to the Deus Ex franchise. It practically makes Deus Ex: Invisible War seem like a glowing addition! :-O"
76561197999088229,Not Recommended,258180,17749712,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Kageshi,"Completed the game, 100%... found out that nothing changes the ending, and well aware that there will be no part 2. possibly as a DLC for mankind divide i hope, however, everything was bland. music was the only thing nice, but something tells me it was riped off from the DX:HR. Bought every single weapon, which take about 8 playthroughts with constant side quests (5), and you can only have a max of 10k credits...overall, I would give the game a 4/10, the animation was worse then Invisble wars, (they talk but they never looked towards each other, on top of it, constant replay of looping animation for key dialogue made me want to skip all of it, (thankfully you can skip dialogue) Voice acting was very...ok. I wish this had better camera shots for these talking parts but none of them realy blinked, or turned there head in the correct way. way to stiff, its as if the animator hadn't animated them at all... or he was the only animator (judging by the fact I could not find a list of animators except senoir animator)I actually beat the game in a speed run in about an hour, thats with all 5 side quest, lets just say, you can easly run threw the whole game, the only thing stoping you is the tutorial. However, if you where to look around and try to find the paths on your own, would probly be worth 6 hours if you took your time.The bugs from porting from mobile are the worse part of this, I could deal (somewhat) with invisble war and the fact it crashes to desktop every hour or so, or the fact that every time invisble war loads a new map I get a breif 5 sec view of my desktop, everytime. but this one takes the cake. first was the gamepad would not go to the menu (which is important) However, Ive found that i need to use the keyboard even if the game pad buttons dont work 10% of the time. another bug was the take down animation bug. (invisble takedown enimies, background turning black, or disappearing) they would register, however, enimies would not land where they get hit, Even whole walls disappear and reappear. I actually got a bug, where the intro cinema audio would not stop while i sped threw it to get to the tutorial. even enemies would disappear as i made my way threw the larger levels.The game works in story as a introduction, but was not enough to say wow. If this was remade with the Idea of pushing boundries, I could see this part of the deus ex universe being rather good, with better camera working, better animation, pushing the levels to more interesting and combined designs, I would even rehire the actors to give them a second chance as i do think they fit each character.  I do hope this gets a honest to god, remake, not a Port as it has potential, just not as a mobile port.Binge playing deus ex for this whole Month.In order:Deus ex 1 - great if you overcome the graphics.Deus ex invisble wars - small maps, very nostolgic of deus ex 1, but god the bugs.Deus ex the fall - I might of enjoied it a little bit as it has the feeling of DX:HR, but it really does need icurus effect as a backing for this game.now to play DX:HR"
,Not Recommended,258180,15168251,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Star\o/Platinum,♥♥♥♥ing trash
,Recommended,258180,19167269,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Pr0fane,"Honestly, this game isn't nearly as good as the other Deus Ex games. Despite that, it's still a pretty solid game for the platform it was initially released on. I bought it at launch, for my iPod Touch 5. On a small screen, it didn't work very well. I obtained an iPad Mini, and Deus Ex: The Fall worked perfectly on it. Don't let my 29 minutes of playtime fool you; I beat it several times on iOS.For tablets, and mobile phones if you're really bored, this is a great game. For other devices, it's merely 'meh'. They promised additional content, but never delivered. The last update was in early 2014, so it's unlikely that they will ever complete this game.Now, for people really dying for Deus Ex content, this is a pretty good game. For everybody else, it's a waste of time and money. If you do want to get it, don't get it for PC or Mac or whatever; get it for Android or iOS. It's cheaper, and feels a lot more natural.Why do I recommend it? Because I spent at least fifty hours playing it on my iPad, and it really isn't a bad game. I even used the in-game store a few times.But anyway, if you like the Deus Ex universe you should get it. If you do want to get it, wait until it's on sale or included in a cheap bundle. If you don't like the Deus Ex universe, or have never played a Deus Ex game, don't bother with it. The mechanics are nothing new, and the plot would probably confuse you."
76561198176072242,Not Recommended,258180,33782349,Posted: 25 July,all,pzars,"Like others say: Its not a PC game. And it got bugs and major flaws thats not been corretcted, Too bad since I like the Deus ex universe very much."
76561198051315150,Recommended,258180,10094148,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Kento Ratt,"So many thumbs down for this game! I really liked it! Yes it's short. Yes, It's ugly. Yes, there are some minor control issues (that I got used to in about 30 minutes). What can I say? I had fun! The story was great, the characters were cool, and the gameplay did not seem to bother me after a short learning curve. Bring on the sequel! :D"
76561198010760578,Not Recommended,258180,30535549,Posted: 15 March,all,ctrl,"Waaaaaaaaayyyy to short. I finished it in a day. FPS-on-rails type games usually don't last very long, but this is just ridiculous. I liked Human Revolution much better, better graphics, more story, and I didn't finish it in four hours."
,Not Recommended,258180,11000446,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Joe Piscopo,"I bought this because I thought it was like an add-on to Deus Ex: Human Revolution and I'm wildly irresponsible with money. This game is so bad that it's not even funny. Your main character is some douchy Adam Jensen knockoff, there's some sort of dumb conspiracy (and I'm sure uncovering it would have no effect on anything this being a prequel and all). Most of my time with this game was spent in some random drug house in panama that is the size of a large shopping mall where I was gunned down repeatedly by the omniscient entity known only as ""shotgun guy."" Wherever I went, shotgun guy never left me. Always ready to kill me in one-hit as soon as I turned a corner. I faced off against shotgun guy repeatedly in his multiple reincarnations but it seems that he has won as this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game is no longer installed on my hard drive.Also the controls are bad, and the graphics look about on par with a Xbox 360 launch game. There's no fun to be had here, this game blows."
,Not Recommended,258180,33105687,Posted: 1 July,all,MXGeneration,The black sheep of the Deus Ex games
76561198208082452,Not Recommended,258180,18463785,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Gold Plated Nutsack,Don't buy this
,Not Recommended,258180,23804357,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Alex,"Deus Ex Human Revolution lite. Imagine if you made Human Revolution mobile compatible, replaced Adam with an unlikeable Australlian protagonist, took away all player freedom, made the game perform poorly and downgraded the voice acting. Just like that, you've got The Fall.If you REALLY like Deus Ex, get it. It's not unplayable, just not good."
,Not Recommended,258180,23836866,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sneaky Squirrel,"While the game is very good on its original platform (iOS), this version is a pretty atrocious port. The controls are very wonky and unintuitive when compared to any other Deus Ex title on PC. There are also some significant issues navigating menus with a mouse - sometimes a menu entry has to be clicked multiple times to even register. Overall just a pain to play on PC. Anyone interested in this game will be far better off buying it on an iPad."
,Recommended,258180,33438276,Posted: 10 July,all,S1X_BULL3TS,"Forget the glichyness, poor optimization, sub-par graphics, and bad menu systems, and you have yourself an interesting story that coincides with my all time favorite game, Deus Ex: Human Revolution. You should think of it more as a DLC though, but it is cool and offers new story info. I got it as part of the Deus Ex collection mainly for Human Revolution and Mankind Divided, but I will probably be beating this one as well. Pretty impressive for a mobile port too."
,Not Recommended,258180,13883233,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Moorsoldaten,"Good:-The environment looks ""good"", and everything is very smooth.Bad:-Character models, especially Civilians are awful.-Cutscenes are awful, characters looks bored being in the game.-Voice acting is terrible.-AI is horrible. Everyone suffers from amnesia. I wreaked havoc in enemy territory. I hid behind a pillar and everyone surrounded the pillar. But after 30 seconds they forgot I was behind the pillar and continued with their lives.I also took down every guard in a hotel lobby, just ran up to them and bang. The girl behind the reception got scared, but after 30 seconds she got back to normal and apologized for not having any rooms for rent.""My men can kill you anytime I want..."" ""No they cant! They are all dead because I threw mines in ther faces! That is also why your door is missing and theres a hole in the wall!""-Story is poor. I have played all Deus Ex games and read The Icarus Effect, which is the story before The Fall, So I knew what Ben Saxon has been up to.-3 Main Missions. 5 Optional Quests. ""Go here, collect this, return"".-Controls are unresponsive and clunky.-You can buy 3 variants of every weapon for no good reason at all. Also the store is in your pocket.This game is basically Deus Ex Light Demo Edition Beta. It should have been a DLC for Human Revolution for less than 5€.Only buy this on sale if you are REALLY a fan of Deus Ex and more interested in the (poor) story and are aware that you will be let down."
76561198029555177,Not Recommended,258180,28977249,Posted: 3 January,all,Mast3rHax0r,The title is a pretty fitting metaphor for the game
,Recommended,258180,33362407,Posted: 7 July,all,Neil Breen Is a God,Okay so my recommendation is purly because this game is hilarious. I've only finished the first level at this point but i've been laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off the entire time. The story is absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing awful up to this point. The character models look like an autistic version of E.T. and I think E.T. is already ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The gameplay is worse the the first hitman's gameplay. This is the worst game I have ever played but it's funny as♥♥♥♥♥♥and that's exactly why I recommend it.
,Recommended,258180,14396762,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Gharren,"I wish there would be something between ""Recommended"" and ""Not Recommended"" for this.In all honesty, Deus Ex: The Fall didn't deserve all the hate it received. Yes, it certainly has obvious flaws and it's riddled with questionable to outright laughable design decisions. But even after that, it did not fail to deliver the Deus Ex feeling to me personally, and especially its story is quite enjoyable.I picked it up on a sale for less than two bucks, and I felt that it was worth it for a few hours of fun (50% having fun with the actual gameplay, 50% laughing about how bad some of its aspects were).I can perfectly comprehend why many (non-trash-loving) people would be angry about The Fall; the graphics are somewhere around Quake 3-level (yes, that's a game from 1999), the level design makes absolutely no sense, the AI is as intelligent as a piece of burnt toast, the quality of the voice actors ranges somewhere between okay-ish and awful, and you can just feel that it is a half-hearted port of a mobile game - to name just a few points. Yes, that sounds god awful if you list it up like this, and it probably is, but if you are a fan of the Deus Ex universe and you want to have a few hours of trashy fun (that hopefully isn't destroyed by a game-breaking bug), you may as well pick this one up on a sale for a few bucks. You might say that Deus Ex: The Fall belongs in the ""so bad, it's good"" category in this regard."
,Recommended,258180,13798362,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,AbedsBrother,"Lot of bad press for this one. I had fun with it though.The good:- Look, feel, atmosphere of Deus Ex: Human Revolution. The yellowish tints, the music, and ambient sounds are all really good.- Stealth gameplay is competent- Hacking is lifted straight from Deus Ex: Human Revolution. It worked well there and it works well here.- The game didn't crash on me, not once.- Lighting effects are very good.- Though the levels are small, there are still multiple ways to complete the objective- Augmentations are back, and greatly varied- Once you arrive in Panama City (where most of the game occurs), the story really improves and develops a great sense of urgency. After you get to know him a little bit, Ben Saxon is less stoic and more relatable than Adam Jensen.The bad:- Unfortunately, the game is too short to really explore Ben Saxon's character. If you skip side missions and non-essential hacking, you can complete the game in 4 hours or less.- Stealth works well, but if you like to shoot your way out of trouble, good luck. The shooting mechanics work for occasional use, but if you like extended gunplay, you'll be frustrated quickly.- Levels are small. Panama City has a number of places to explore, but be prepared for lots of loading screens.- Lighting effects may be good, but facial animations are just awful, some of the worst I've seen. We're talking levels of animation from 10 years ago (except for Saxon). Anna Kelso in-game does not even appear close to the way she is depicted on the game banner.- Textures are hit and miss. Overall, the game looks good, but if you get too close to anything, well, you won't be fooled.- My Biggest Gripe: THIS IS ONE-THIRD OF A GAME!!! The plan was to release the story in three parts. The Fall is Part One. This is not advertised on the store page, but should be. When you reach the end (cliffhanger), you'll expect the next level to start, but instead you'll get a ""To Be Continued"" message. At time of writing, there is no indication that a follow-up is forth-coming.For what we have, is The Fall a bad game though? No, not at all. It definitely felt like it belongs in the Human Revolution universe. If you want more of the Human Revolution story (this is a prequel), Deus Ex: The Fall suffices. But it's only one-third of a game. Skip it for the list price of $10; skip it at 50% off; get it when it goes to 75% off ($2.50)."
,Not Recommended,258180,29915059,Posted: 13 February,all,N4SWS,I just can't... These controls are so bad. This port is so so bad. Just.... don't. Even if it's free just... don't.
76561198083324281,Recommended,258180,30362381,Posted: 6 March,all,Anonymous2013,"Deus Ex: The Fall is a game made after the novels Deus Ex: Icarus Effect (which I reccomend reading) with tie-in lore and events taking place shortly after Deus Ex: Human Revolution.Keep in mind that this game was originally intended for iOS platforms made with the Unity Engine, so it doesn't have the graphical qualities most people hunger for.As an iOS platform game it is amazing. It succesfully delivers the much familiar atmosphere and feeling Deus Ex fans know and love. Making a game like this for the iOS platform is impressive.Sadly the PC version has a lot of hic-ups, like glitching in and out of the map and low grade mesh quality and a universal store that is always available anywhere you are that offers all the weapons you need without having to look for a vendor of any kind. Thus giving you an unlimited supply of weapons, ammo, grenades and praxis kits whenever you need them.Personally I believe that the PC version needed a remastered edition. Despite those setbacks I liked the game and the story. I would still reccomend the novel over the game but this game deserves more recognition as an iOS platform game instead of being bullied and downgraded."
,Recommended,258180,17293565,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,𝖓𝖊𝖎𝖌𝖍𝖇𝖔𝖚𝖗,this niBBa is lit
,Not Recommended,258180,11184226,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,KazooiE,"Honestly, this is something like the free game tom clancy ghost recon phantoms."
,Recommended,258180,25173296,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Brumbek,"This is a delicious Deus Ex morsel. It has all the stealth, exploration, choices, and combat from Human Revolution but in a tiny package. There's only one main location with a handful of quests, but what is here is absolutely quintessential Deus Ex.The huge caveat is that the game only includes Part 1, which ends on a huge cliffhanger. Part 2 was supposed to be made, but at this point it will never happen. Hence, the abrupt ending is very sad, but I enjoyed using my imagination as to what would have happened next.On the tech side, I had zero issues. The game looks very nice despite the mobile origins, and the controls are great with rebindable keys and hotkeys.Overall, this is a must-play for any serious Deus Ex fan. It's a nice 5-hour experience, with 3 to 4 more hours if you want to do multiple playthroughs on New Game Plus to unlock all Achievements."
76561198059263969,Recommended,258180,31064646,Posted: 10 April,all,Paisey,"Finished Deus Ex Human Revolution in about 16hrs completed this in 3, good game I like you dont need to find shops or worry about invintory space, but very short ends with to be continued :("
,Recommended,258180,11047082,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,BridgetFisher,"This game is a port of a mobile game, with that comes alot of bugs, glitches, bad graphics.  Plus its real, real, real, short.  Any non-fans of Deus Ex Human revolution should avoid this game like the plague.  DO NOT BUY unless your a die hard Deus Ex HR fan, see the HR thats critical bcause people who are Deus Ex fans but hated HR would hate this too.All that horrible stuff aside for Deus Ex HR fans its an interesting game.  Be warned the game in parts has real bad graphics with terrible textures.  Many things are PS2 era in the level of graphics, while other things are HD, so its a weird hybrid.  The atmosphere is done perfectly along with the music.  For a mobile port its pretty impressive, there is tons of dialog, and a train that moves, the city really captures that Deus Ex feeling well.  The story ties into Deus Ex, but the letdown is this is short, as in you go to one place in Panama city for missions and thats it, the game ends.  This game was supposed to be episodic but there are currently no plans to make more episodes.  Combat in the game is done only one way right and that is with stealth, the AI seems as bad as Deus EX HR, so if you were ok with that it should work here.  The takedowns are hilarious, you will sometimes not even appear near the person you takedown, for some reason they may warp across the room, showing you taking down a ghost while in the background you may see the enemy going down.  While the bugs are funny, the game does work, it doesnt crash, Deus Ex games were always pretty bad at combat its the story and atmosphere that drive them, this game pulled that part off, but with a cliff hanger at the end of the episode and nor more planned its enjoyable just to play through the golden glory of what is Deus Ex.ONLY play this with a controller, DO NOT BUY even if you are a fan if you are going to use a mouse.  The k/m controls are broken, often the screen will spin in circles, certain augs will make you constantly rubber band, yet  oddly none of that exists with a controller.  The hacking is broken with a controller yet is flawless with a mouse so gotta use both.  Sound difficult?  Then get some augs to handle what it takes to ride the cyber punk express.Rating for Deus EX HR Fans:  10/10  Value:  $2.50Rating for NON Deus Ex Fans:  0/10  Value:  $0.00"
,Recommended,258180,26320465,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Running-Target,"Do Not buy this game. ONLY get it, If you get it bundled with  Deus Ex games. Only Play it, If you liked Deus Ex: Human Revolution.  Don't expect much from this.  Play it for the Steam badge and forget it.This is a port of a mobile IOS / Android game to PC.PROS:Has the similar game UI and artwork as Deus Ex: Human Revolution, but minus a lot of the DE:HR detailed functions.  Has objects to read and collect. Has different paths to take to reach objective.  Has different characters, locations, story from DE: HR, consider it a prequel to DE:HR.  Has voiceovers and choices of conversations answers. Does have steam acheivements and badge trading cards.  But it does has a cash shop for instant purchases of the gear you want to use to win the game.CONS:The Story is not finished at the end of game, It was going to be episodic.  Not a good game compared to Deus Ex: Human Revolution.  Handles shooting terrible, lag from shooting from cover, cannot jump, vault don't work well.  The people models and textures don't look as good as DE:HR. Buggy.For more info:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEpfTfgzWp0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjN--Gw996Qhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=698h_AOs0cshttp://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/deus-ex-the-fallhttp://www.gamespot.com/reviews/deus-ex-the-fall-review/1900-6415708/http://www.pcgamer.com/deus-ex-the-fall-review/"
,Not Recommended,258180,9561304,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Malek,This is to Deus Ex what Deus Ex 2: Invisible War was to Deus Ex.
,Recommended,258180,14510674,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,R4DFIELD,"I guess you can call this a chapter since there is supposed to be more content as it leaves you with a cliffhanger, this game you have to play it with an open mind and only if you want to know more about the Deus Ex universe, why? Because this is a pretty simple port from mobile devices, meaning you will get pretty low graphics and content. For the $2 it was it's good for what it offers. One thing's for sure, just like Human Revolutions, it's got a pretty good soundtrack."
76561197972221116,Not Recommended,258180,25331002,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Tungsten,"I played it on PC, don't play it on PC."
,Not Recommended,258180,15093029,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Ray76,"If you like DE:HR, then don't play this please.I warned you, i really did."
,Not Recommended,258180,34037730,Posted: 5 August,all,Kain Klarden,"Deus Ex: The Fall is probably the worst Deus Ex standalone game out there. While it's admirable that it tried to put the Human Revolution-like experience on the mobile devices, and in that regard it can at least be respected as marvel of ""wow, you cut only most of what made the game good, not all"", it was probably very much not worth it. Each zone (between loading screens) is shorter then in Invisible War, which is an achievement in itself, a lot of the events feel meaningless, most of the mechanics are cut down to the very boring basics and the game ends on a ""To be continued"" which never came to be and never will. It's sad, bad, adds even less to the series than Mankind Divided and is better avoided completely."
,Not Recommended,258180,17859581,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Xeinok,"Bad mobile port.  The entire game reeks of some smug marketing ""genius"" exec brow-breating his entire creative team into ritually sacrificing their dignity.  When the first access code was ""0451"" I didn't grin with nostalgia, I grimaced at the appropriation of it for..... this."
,Not Recommended,258180,25002905,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Prez,"This game is just bad. I tried to force myself to finish it in order to know the story, which is the only highlight of this title, but I gave up. This title should have never been released on PC."
,Recommended,258180,25082780,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ifandbut,"Not BadI bought this when it first came to PC but the tutorial turned me off. Dusted it off to prepare for Mankind Divided and am glad I played it. Yes, it is a mobile port. Yes, it leaves off with ""to be continued"" and never will be. But after you get to the city the game opens up and starts to feel like a Deus Ex game.As a fan of the book I also really enjoyed the story as well."
,Recommended,258180,34492227,Posted: 25 August,all,Auslander1936,"It's like when they make a hit movie and then they make a spin-off TV show with a lower budget and worse special effects, so it ends up being not nearly as good as the movie, but it's still not bad."
,Not Recommended,258180,25002339,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,SFC3,"Even if this game is like 2.49, don't buy it. Human Revolution Director's Cut goes to 5 bucks or lower. Way more value. It's a bad mobile port with a cliffhanger story that will never be resolved.This game is at tops 1-2 hours long, 3-4 depending on if you like exploring places or not. Even then, the maps are extremely small and the mechanics are half-baked imitations of Deux Ex: Human Revolution.The story ties into the fantastic novel ""Icarus Effect"" by James Swallow. In fact, the tutorial section is pulled straight from the book. This game was supposed to be a continuation but it was so poorly received a sequel was probably canned. Therefore, this game has practically no ties to the Deus Ex Universe except to a prequel novel.Avoid."
,Recommended,258180,13742993,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SKAYUOKER,it was a'ight
76561197991756666,Recommended,258180,9716396,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,nerk hayze,"The leading reviews for this game are so negative! I appreciate that I have it. Many of the harshest critics claiming to be true lovers of the Deus ex series! If they were so faithful to the series they would appreciate it for what it is! The upgrading on this PC edition of The Fall to make it compatible for PC is truly admirable. The criticism is distasteful, rather than enjoying the larger ""VIEW"" on the games' sequence of events, the critics treat their PC's like an overblown mobile device...criticizing on and on, MAN; MY eyes need a rest from that small/little ""VIEW"" on my mobile screen! What about yours? The possibilities experienced here translated from a mobile-phone/android size screen impressed me so...making it the worthy mobile companion for Deus ex-Human Revolution. Having played and completing Deus ex-Human Revolution, The Fall is shorter in comparison by far, almost the duration of the previous Deus ex-Human Revolution, DLC; The Missing Link. A story I got engrossed in."
,Recommended,258180,25127427,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,jmcone,"If there had been a follow up to the Fall, it would have been a more easy recommendation.As it stands, the game is for those who are curious or are fans of Deus Ex as it stands already.The story is incomplete, which is disappointing, but what is there is serviceable. Obviously the graphics aren't super great but if you enjoyed the gameplay of Human Revolution and wouldn't mind playing another couple of hours of something new with a slightly downgraded feel, this is available.I did quite enjoy it and I will most likely replay it once more."
,Not Recommended,258180,15133083,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,JohnnyErr,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The graphics are bad, the acting is bad, the writing is bad, the gameplay has changes from Human Revolution, all of which are bad.OI GUVNA U NED THEM PRARSIS KITS 4 YA ROBUT ARRRRM, DAM TOYRUNTS I AM SO WANKARED YA BLADY LESBIAN. OH MOY LUK IM WIFF ALL DE BOSSES FRUM THE BLEEDIN FURS GAYUM, IM A FRIGIN JENSUN RIP ORFFIf youre a fan of Deus Ex, you wont be a fan of this."
76561197970765755,Not Recommended,258180,29677314,Posted: 3 February,all,dp.Rocco.50Cal,Don't......just don't....make a game this♥♥♥♥♥♥and then brand it Deus Ex. It Sullies what is otherwise a triple A franchise.
,Recommended,258180,13369758,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,olly!,"Oh, come on, it's not THAT bad. And they've fixed most of the bugs eventually. Though the ending is admittedly abrupt."
76561198079860120,Recommended,258180,13630710,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,j.jaros,"I was really afraid of how much the game is going to be bad thanks to many negative reviews. But after finishing it I have to say that the game is great! It has the Deus Ex atmosphere, story is perfect, locations are well designed and I really enjoyed playing it. Yes, thanks to the conversion from another platform, the graphic is not as good as we are used to, but still sufficiently nice. One thing that people are missing is that this IS the conversion so you cannot expect miracles, but you also have to take into consideration, that the price is not as high as for standard games. I haven't also encountered any bugs during gameplay and everything went smoothly. If you love deus ex universe, good story, cyberpunk or stealth action this is the right choice. Games are about fun, not the lower graphics or the necessary simplifiations thanks to the conversion."
,Recommended,258180,14443574,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Variowario,"Every series always has a down end, even Deus Ex. There are reasons why this game is not recommend for everyone, one reason is that if this is going to be your first Deus Ex game, please play one of the other ones first.. You will be clueless, and unsure if the rest of the series is worth it. I understand this game was not meant for PC, but I avoided thinking that I am playing a fully verse ""PC"" game since that  is what this game originated from. For the story, the story done well keeping things rolling fast enough to keep up with but never fully slow down which is a great thing. For the voice acting it was pretty well done, even though the graphics are not the greatest thing in the world for IOS style. The interface was also quite brilliant, even though at times the knock downs were not really pretty (and quite glitchy usually, but funny to watch). I hope you find this review great (for those going to get it for IOS wise but for PC wise not so recommended)."
76561198094663798,Recommended,258180,14386024,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Goofster,Unlike most of the comments before. I actually found this game very enjoyable. So it doesn't have completely open movement and limitless posibilites. Maybe I'm from a time when games were like this and you had to think differently on how to achieve your objectives instead of just blasting your way through countless bad guys and laying waste to everything and everyone around you.
76561198048066736,Recommended,258180,33723225,Posted: 22 July,all,Bayes,"Not sure why this game is getting hate.  People are expecting too much after all it was originally designed for mobile.  For what it is, it's a fun game and a good Deus Ex experience.   If you like Deus Ex, you have to give this game a playthrough."
76561198068252391,Not Recommended,258180,21287592,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,BLUSH.response,WHAT?!?!!??
,Recommended,258180,25065956,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Tonkinese,Enjoyable but quite buggy and quite a bad mobile port but the story was interesting but ends to quick and there will be no sequal this game is all there is but i enjoyed it
,Not Recommended,258180,25030591,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Albatross,"TL;DR: Three (3) hours of gameplay time.I was initially confused about why the game had so many negative reviews. To start with it didn't seem as good as Deus Ex Human Revolutions, but it was interesting. After three hours there was a nice dramatic scene and I was looking forward to moving on from what I assumed was the prologue. And then it said ""To Be Continued"" and played the end credits.That 3 hours was including the side quests."
76561197979240931,Not Recommended,258180,29442879,Posted: 23 January,all,handy_john,"too short too simple and way too many  chat with this person chat with that person etc. when the game should be taking you to a different city to continue, haha jokes on you game is finished."
,Recommended,258180,13230766,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Proletar666,"Nice game, nice locations, nice sounds, nice plot, nice everything. Only bad things: 1) can't jump 2) in-game purchases with credits 3) GUI which sucks balls. Not counting it, it's an epic win whatever piles of♥♥♥♥♥♥haters can♥♥♥♥♥♥upon this little game. 9/10 and totally worth playing."
,Not Recommended,258180,9865939,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Mr.Phantom,"Deus Ex: The FAIL more like.  This game if F***ing terrible.  Dont waste your money its not even worth $1.  Its not even worth the time spent downloading it. Save your self from disappointment, and a little money and just pass on this one."
,Recommended,258180,15619551,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,AerisFang,"Not that bad for what it is: a mobile game.More Deus Ex, good for me."
,Recommended,258180,16755121,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,vaporwavefascism,"The other day, in preparation for the eventual release of Deus Ex: Mankind Divide, I completed my fifth playthrough of Human Revolution. Once I was finished, I noticed that, amidst various other unplayed games in my Steam library, there sat my copy of Deus Ex: The Fall which I realized I had not played. I quickly Googled the title and on the Wikipedia page, found a few choice comments from reviewers:Don’t be fooled by the black-andgold screenshots and the familiar interface: this is not the Deus Ex you know and love. It’s a bad cover version, and truly one of the worst PC ports I’ve played in some time, and I’ve played Deadly Premonition. I definitely didn’t ask for this. -Andy Kelly (PC Gamer)The controls are another culprit here; they are clunky and unresponsive in ways that a keyboard and mouse never should be. Menu buttons routinely fail to respond to repeated mouse clicks. -Daniel Hindes (Gamespot)-----------------------------Read online athttp://www.petersaysstuff.com/2015/06/why-everyone-is-wrong-about-deus-ex-the-fall/-----------------------------After reading the comments, I decided to play it. After completing the game (yes, I did search every nook and crany) I’m here to tell you one thing: all those negative reviews are wrong. While not Human Revolution quality, Deus Ex: The Fall was, for a game ported from mobile devices in a short time-span, very solid.PlotDeus Ex: The Fall tells the story of Ben Saxon, a British soldier who’s squad died in a sabotaged mission and who was recruited into the Tyrants (Jaron Namir‘s gang of baddies that you end up fighting in Human Revolution), and Anna Kelso, an enigmatic former US Secret Service agent who survives a massacre and, in searching for the killers, loses her job and is on the run from the Tyrants. Saxon and Kelso, on the run from the Tyrants, are hiding out in a safehouse when the effects of the 2027 neuropozyne (Nu-Poz) shortage become too much and Saxon must find more Nu-Poz for him and Kelso. Along the way, Saxon finds that there is an alternative to Nu-Poz: Riezene. Riezene appears to function just as well, but hasn’t been approved yet. During Saxon’s investigation, he is required to complete various quests from a doctor at a local LIMB clinic to find out how the Riezene is getting on the streets. Saxon finds out that the company developing Riezene, Zaaphire Biotech, is leaking the drug an the victims from overdoses and “street trials” are sold to Belltower. After witnessing the assassination of a WHO investigator by Saxon’s supposedly dead squadmate, Sam Duarte, he bugs out and meets up with rouge Belltower VTOL pilot Alex Vega. After clearing her takeoff, they leave Panama City and head to Zaaphire Biotech’s headquarters in Australia while Kelso hides and helps from afar.The game ends with Duarte and Jaron Namir apologizing to Bob Page for failing to kill Saxon and Kelso. Duarte vows to kill the rogue Tyrant before he can cause any more trouble. The screen then cuts to a “To be continued” card, hinting at another game starring the couple. (x)Pros and ConsI played the game for a solid 5 hours; not as much as some, but more than others. After my game play, I have compiled the following list of pros and cons…we’ll start with cons first.Cons:Sub-par combat mechanics — can’t aim down sights, limited weapon choice, when in cover can’t draw weapon without firing, etc.Not optimized for PC — terrible character models, can’t jump, taking cover is a pain, no difficulty setting, reload animations are laughable, etc.Glitches — falling through the floor into the abyss, takedowns place NPCs in walls where they can’t be accessed, etc.Most of the mechanics — hacking is terrible, AI is predictable, etc.Pros:Story line parallels Human Revolution’s, story stays engaging, questions remain and compartmentalization of knowledge stays true to DX’s history, etc. (More on this later)Character development and interaction is nuanced and waiting to be fleshed out in a sequelAtmosphereI’m sure there are others, but I wanted to make a relatively short list because, let’s all agree, the mechanics are very sub-par and I won’t dispute that. I, however, want to focus on the mechanics being solid for a quick port as well as the engaging storyline.Why I Can Deal With The MechanicsDeus Ex: The Fall was originally released for iOS and Android before making its way to the PC. This meant that the controls were programmed for the god-awful “console” that is the iPhone. After that, they were slightly tweaked for Android, but could largely remain unchanged. Following that, the game was rush-released for the PC giving very little time for extensive overhaul. How can I tell this? The iOS release was on 7/11/13. The Android release was 6 months later on 1/22/14…and the PC release was not even 2 months later when it became available on 3/18/14! The developers had half a year to optimize the game for Android and then less than 2 months to change everything for the PC release.The timeframe alone doesn’t excuse the mechanics, but it does make me sympathetic and with the strong story, I am confident in saying that the quick port was solid for what it was. It was never meant to be a Human Revolution; most likely it was a side project by the developers that turned into a fun game.StoryThis is where I think the game really excels and where I am willing to say that I want a sequel. The story leaves us with questions that need answers. Why is Zaaphire leaking the drug? What is Belltower doing with the victims? How did Sam survive the ambush? Was Sam a part of the Tyrants before the ambush? Why do the Tyrants report to Bob Page? How does the Nu-Poz shortage and Saxon’s rampage affect the canon of Human Revolution? What happens to Kelso? Where does Vega go? I could keep going, but I’m sure you get the idea.The point is, The Fall is akin to the first Detroit visit in Human Revolution — the player is left with questions that are slowly answered in coming levels — the issue, however, is where Human Revolution continued, The Fall has died.I say, make a sequel to The Fall and release it between now and when Mankind Divided comes out! That will satisfy fans and keep the buzz alive. Remember, you #cantkillprogress!"
,Recommended,258180,13676485,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Christne Tempest,"Bought this even after the (mostly) terrible reviews it's had. Human revolution it definatly isn't a lot of the graphic rendering is to a much lower standard, although the enviroment is much the same, as is the way the game plays some nice side quests to keep you interested.The controls however (I'm playing this on a pc) are a sack of ♥♥♥♥, to say it's clunky would be an understatement. It feels very much like this was rushed out of the door to cash in on the sucess of HR, which is a crying shame, as the game has potential.I hope to see more of this, it will be a shame if all the bad reviews make the devs drop the fall altogether. It definatly needs to better developed, polished like HR was.If you're a Deus Ex addict like me and you don't mind swearing at the lame controls once in a while, buy it, at the stupidly low price it is now, it's a nice way to fill  4or 5 hours and feed the addiction ;)Edit. like so many people have said already, why no jump button? ok so you can sail though the game without, but i got stuck more than once in places that the freaky vault function bugged out on me. GIVE US A JUMP!"
76561197991765695,Recommended,258180,12457108,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,koberko,"Since this is port from mobile, one have to forgive a lot of technical and graphical limitations this game has in comparison to DX: HR. But, it's not hard to forgive and after while you forget that you play 2006 looking game in 2014... And if we take that a side, The Fall is in a lot of areas, decent DX game.... And here is big ""BUT""... It's to short... It took me 4h to finish it, and I played it stealthy and without killing anybody, while exploring every single part of maps. If one would play it more head-on and with less exploration, it would take even less then 4h to finish it. So, this is by scope of gameplay, barely in realm od DLC... Overall, game is decently fun, has OK-ish story, but story and game stop to early with text ""to be continued"".So, I recommend it, but only for fans of DX universe and ONLY on some decent discount.Score: 5 / 10"
,Recommended,258180,10144059,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,0V3RKILL,very good for beeing a table game. I am having a lot of fun and it looks really nice. Not like the original. But still very nice
,Recommended,258180,11533754,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,"Better than I was expecting because it was a mobile game, but where the Fu<k is the rest of it."
,Not Recommended,258180,33285136,Posted: 5 July,all,DenTheGreat,Worst game from Deus Ex series I've ever played.
,Recommended,258180,18562224,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,FasterThanFTL,Not as bad as I thought it would be.✔
76561197982019037,Recommended,258180,14222428,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,we3d,"I liked the game, good story, good visuals(keeping in mind this is a mobile port).Bought the book after playing this actually.Its only the first chapter of the game however, so buy it on sale, as it doesn't look like they're going to finish it."
,Recommended,258180,23220003,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Street,"I enjoyed the game although everyone complaining about it. It isn't bad and if you're a fan of Deus Ex universe - give it a shot. Don't expect much, it's only port from mobile platforms. Grab it on sale just in case."
,Not Recommended,258180,18337196,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Nevermind,It's a iphone game.. there's nothing more to say
,Not Recommended,258180,9607284,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Ginger Baker,"What can I say about this game? Someone on metacritic called it an embarrasment and a diservice to the brand. This is true. The graphics are not up to the main game, with some of them being awful (see the doctor who treats addicts and the person near him from whom you get a quest as examples). Awful for this generation. The story line is trite, the voice acting is mediocre and the game has an annoying tendacy to hesitate. I am not interested in playing the next installment. Oh yeah, did you know the story is not complete? This is to be a serialized game?"
76561198005928158,Recommended,258180,11486646,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,lamjr1978,"it good,waiting on part 2,have no problem with this 1."
,Not Recommended,258180,9577750,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Bone Jack,I'd have rather bought a rusty syringe and stuck myself in the eye.
76561198033724686,Not Recommended,258180,9610943,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Jax_Pavin,"This is a mobile game and it should have stayed a mobile game, buggy with either loss of music or action sound a recuring ""feature"" poor AI and GFX that would be right at home on a 6210, OK so I lied about that but it this game should not have been  ported to the PC....I just hope that they now put the money I spent on this into a new Deus EX game built just for the PC"
76561198046360828,Recommended,258180,29785017,Posted: 8 February,all,s.alford,great little side game lots of fun and leaves you wanting more
,Not Recommended,258180,11144705,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,C4_85,DONT BUY THIS CRAP GAME
,Not Recommended,258180,9792042,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Italic,"EeewwwwwWhat an awful break from the series. If you're going to make a PC game, make it a PC game, not a mobile game port. Like most people, I was expecting it to be ported to the original HR engine with all of the awesomeness that implies. Nope. Wrong. Not playable, not enjoyable."
76561198058965673,Not Recommended,258180,9797207,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,HarrisonPudding,"There was nothing done to this mobile game to optimize it for PC. The gameplay is clumsy, slow and counter-intuitive. Coupled with laughably low-res cutscenes and there's not much to recommend it."
,Not Recommended,258180,9798629,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Majik,"I loved the game this takes it's name from, but this is not that.  They took so much effort to make it gamepad friendly that they might as well have written FU PC gamers right on the keyboard menu."
,Not Recommended,258180,9798783,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Cairyn,"It's, unfortunately, quite an obvious port and a shoddy one at that.I was eager to get back into the world of Deus Ex, but this isn't the way. I personally don't care much for graphics and understandably, the user interface is somewhat different.But the parts that really ruin it for me are where a port is noticable in gameplay.The most awful part was the mouse sensitivity randomly changing in-game. It would be fine in the menus, but in-game it would be almost impossible to play. Not framerate issues: actual sensitivity.A minor but still very annoying part was that, having played Deus Ex: Human Revolution, I knew how to play the game. And there are a variety of tutorials you can't skip.Overall, it's a bad port. If you're looking another experience like Deus Ex: Human Revolution, you'd best look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,258180,9818514,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,SharkWithALaserBeam,This game ♥♥♥♥en sucks.
,Not Recommended,258180,9683257,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,LiquorCabinetKid,"This game seems to have taken iPad game and ported it to Unity.  Um, huh?  This fails the basic premise that it IS a PC game.  This belongs on a phone. Shame!"
,Not Recommended,258180,9683668,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Raven800,avoid at all costs. it's a waste of money.
,Not Recommended,258180,9686031,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Doctor Flounder Box,"Even if you're a Deus Ex fan, don't bother with this one. There's nothing but dissapointment here.Nothing but a shoddily put together PC port of a lame mobile game."
,Not Recommended,258180,9696173,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Enderman_Slayer_1991,"I bought this game because it was on sale and had the Deus Ex GOTY.  It was entertaining I will give it that.  However, the game is basicly a demo.  You beat ""Part 1"" and it leaves you with ""To be Continued.""  The GOTY game that it came with is rough so I would not recommend it for people who are not hard core or extremely bored.  If you like to pay for a demo or old games this is for you."
,Not Recommended,258180,9698339,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Stratce,"THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER BUY IT FAST OR ALL THE COPIES WILL RUN OUT!April fools!This game was not worth the $10, its only $7 on mobile. If you pre-orderd it, like me, you got Deus Ex. This game is not that bad if you can get past the HORRIBLE controls. If you played HR, Then its likely you have a different controls that these. I hadF bound to cover and Right mouse click to aim, but no. Right mouse click is cover.All in all, this game is great, if you cam get past the horrible controls and the $3 more price."
,Recommended,258180,9967383,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,"Not Just Shure, HIV Positive.","its....interesting. interesting and really, really, REALLY cheesy."
,Not Recommended,258180,9669474,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Mojo Priest,"Fracking hell guys, get it together the only reason I bought this was in hopes that you will smarten up and patch the living ♥♥♥♥ out of it so it would be 1. playable 2. worth playing and 3. an actual port and not an iPhone emulator."
,Not Recommended,258180,17424086,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,DragonSkullBlood,"game sucks, and it does not support a game controller"
76561198035349475,Recommended,258180,9691954,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,majrick,An excellent extension of the Deus Ex series however having continued the game four times I find my inventory overflowing. Have ALL the augs with 21 Praxis points still in my inventory (plus other surplus items). Could you condsider a Sale option as well as the purchase in future editions of this addictive game. Regards.
,Not Recommended,258180,18235480,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,1st. Luitenant. Милкман™,♥♥♥♥♥♥ gayme
,Recommended,258180,14358885,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,spire,Great little game!
76561198021057760,Not Recommended,258180,9881022,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,beastking,"I suppose I can't expect too much from a game that was designed for a mobile device, but the thing is it should have never been designed for phones and/or tablets to begin with. I dare say this one is so dummed down and ""touch screen friendly"" that the let-down factor is enough to give Deus Ex: Invisible War a run for it's money. If this is going to be a trend with the Deus Ex games, good game, poor excuse for a follow up 4 years later, then an exceptional re-boot seven years later, then I guess we've got at least another 6 years before we get another good one...hope things look up again for this series."
,Not Recommended,258180,9915252,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Malvanos,"This is total garbage,I will be paying much closer attention to reveiws from now on."
76561197994475431,Not Recommended,258180,17861855,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Warnub,Buggy as hell. I bought it for $2 thats how much you should pay for it or less. Horrible game. You can see enemies but cant shoot them. Your reticle must be red. Also if your behind cover at all and throw a grenade be prepared for it to fall into your lap.
76561198130278576,Not Recommended,258180,17863141,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Tanjx(Taken),cannot play it say no steam
76561198098455300,Not Recommended,258180,17482184,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,ConsolePeasant,Is more fun to watch my dog poop
,Recommended,258180,10714294,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,GSG9 Warrior,"Best sequence game for mobile devices ever made!I understand a lot of stupid reviews who are complaining about graphics and it's short story but most people do not seem to know that this game is a tablet port!Besides the fact that this game was usually made for tablets I must say that this game is by far the BEST game ever made for mobile devices!The storyline is perfect since it relies on the DX Storyline a bit!The atmosphere is also not bad but of course we always have to know the fact that there are some limitations!The music is PERFECT! Mostly copied from Deus Ex Human Revolution but with few enhancements there is NO game actually which can top the futuristic, postapocaliptic ambient music from Deus Ex Line!Even superior PC Games are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Only some special games can be a good competitor (like Final Fantasy, Halo, OCARINA of TIme) but those seem to be also very old ;)And everyone who dares to compare THIS fantastic short sequel to FULL-AAA games, is just a consume-♥♥♥♥♥ and has no brain because those guys are not able to COMPARE with several conditions.For me, this game is really awesome. I never thought that an IOS/ANDROID game can be so complex and so great. Even on the pc its quiet nice. Since I am also a huge Deus EX Fan, this is a MUST have and a really nice game to have since it has some intersections with Human Revolution!"
,Recommended,258180,14153593,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,school (school),"Meh, needs less ""to be cuntinued"" boosheeet."
76561197991380444,Not Recommended,258180,11075239,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Taygheta,"Buggy, cheap looking, half working game.Deus ex HR was way way better than whayever this is."
,Not Recommended,258180,9776985,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Atebash,"It's a rare chance for me to review an actual new game so I am very excited to take it. The thing is - I usually get games on super sales or in bundles and I cannot even remember how I got this one. I do remember I had it before it was available for actual download and play on Steam and that I had to wait for a certain date to ""unlock"" it.Those who know me will tell you boring I can be with all the talk of Deus Ex. The original Deus Ex that came out in 2000. I remember how amazed I was with that game back then, it just blew me off right from the start. Even today I claim it's one of the best games ever made, seriously! Its sequel was a big disappointment, while Human Revolution was a nice surprise. Now, based on my experience with Human Revolution I really expected a lot from The Fall. What I didn't know up until recently is that The Fall was originally made for mobiles - I just don't really care for mobile games. If I did, I certainly wouldn't be so excited about the new Deus Ex game since most of the mobile conversions end up being a pile of crap. Unfortunately, I was right.Deus Ex: The Fall tells a story of Ben Saxon, a former mercenary who used to work for Tyrants (the bad guys from Human Revolution) and the problem with Neuropozyne shortage. Neuropozyne is a drug that all augmented humans use to fight the body's rejection of augmentations and without it bad things may happen. Long story short, Ben goes on a mission to find a replacement drug in Panama City.The game itself weird right from the start. After the usual tutorial mission where you learn how to move, shoot etc... you learn that you cannot jump. No jumping in 2014? In a FPS game? Seriously? You cannot even reconfigure the controls in the game at all. At all. I personally never reconfigure the controls (unless they are reeeeally awkward, which is rare and most usually ends up in me giving up such a game whose controls problem is the least of the problems it has) but such an option should be mandatory. Even shooting the enemies can be a problem, I am not even sure if the available crosshair is accurate. It seems to work fine if you zoom in on the enemy, but nothing happens if you just fire at them! Not always, but a lot of time. If you do manage to hit someone and they die - prepare for a surprise: 5 seconds later their bodies evaporate. This is a perfect spot for a smiley with big, surprised eyes, isn't it?However, there is a way to actually enjoy this game. Sneaking. If you decide to go into stealth mode and avoid enemies, hack consoles and hide from cameras, you are in for a much better experience. It will even earn you an achievement if you complete the game without killing anyone. It is as if the game creators are aware of how much they screwed up with the combat so they are giving you a hint on how to have more fun with their game.The graphics are simplified from Human Revolution, which is kind of expected from a mobile game port. If you think HR had too much yellow and amber - prepare for MUCH MORE. I had a feeling I was playing a game on my Hercules Monochrome monitor I used to have in 1992 (it was one of those weird monitors that had orange and black instead of white and black). NPC models are recycled versions of each other but it's not too bad, at least for me.There's also a plenty of bugs all over the game. I saved a game before entering combat with 2 enemy soldiers, died and reloaded. They were gone. The controls are sometimes unresponsive, especially in game menus - you click on OK or BACK or whatever, but nothing happens until you try it again. A harder mouse button push might help, no matter how illogical it may sound. What else... Ah! Hacking. In case you didn't play Human Revolution - to hack a door you need to play a mini game (shown on a screenshot) to reach a certain module before the enemy anti-hack reaches you. However, sometimes you cannot zoom out enough to actually click on the next module. I haven't found a way to fix that and I even tried changing resolutions and using a window mode.Overall, The Fall is a big disappointment for any true Deus Ex fan. It just feels cheap and not worthy of Square Enix and the games we are used to get from these guys. I know it's a conversion, but with a little effort (and less amber!) it could have been an amazing game. This way... well, I told you, it is possible to enjoy it if you play it in a very specific game, but that's not it. You should be able to pick your way through, as what we are used from Deus Ex.Oh, and there is only ONE save game slot. You are warned!"
76561198005432173,Not Recommended,258180,25363045,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,echoshatter,"Played for a few minutes. Was immediately turned off by the long-winded exposition the main character gives at the very start. A terrible attempt at establishing a character's backstory. Clearly a game designed for a smartphone, terrible on PC."
,Not Recommended,258180,32585254,Posted: 19 June,all,raskolnikov,Excrement
76561198009025108,Not Recommended,258180,33279734,Posted: 5 July,all,Gozu,I tried to like it....
,Recommended,258180,28115640,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Cringe Worthy,"It's a game with limitations because its port to PC from Mobile, but this was a fun game for me. It takes about 6 hours to complete or 20 minutes if you speed run. The only negative part for me is an achievement I cannot unlock regardless of my completion, ""starting off on the right foot"" doesn't unlock for a lot of people do to a bug."
,Recommended,258180,28961247,Posted: 2 January,all,Son of a glitch,"Not as good as Human Revolutions, but it will do... for true fans. Barely..."
,Recommended,258180,21571580,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Hypnic Jerk,"It's a mobile port that plays with ease, graphics on max look just like Human Revolution. They never finished the game because of you unthankful ♥♥♥♥s. Just because it's ported from a mobile doesn't mean it sucks! If you like this franchise, just buy it on Steam Sales for 2,49. Game takes up to 4 hours. For a game developed for smartphones I expected it to be really bad, but as I said, it's a good, simple and easy game.7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,258180,17952606,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,WiNPhREAk,Controls are horrible. Better off playing the original.
76561197972324036,Recommended,258180,21406353,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,XEN Vortigaunt,"Far too many people expecting Human Revolution quality with this one.This is a good game for what it is, if you like Deus Ex then play it. The first opening level doesn't introduce it well but once you get to the first open world bit the game really picks up.Stop being a prune and play it."
,Recommended,258180,21018700,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,AugSulfur,"Keep in mind, this is a mobile [phone] port. That means the graphics aren't great, and there are a few control oddities here and there. That said, going into it knowing what it is, its serves its purpose well. A fun, minor, Deus Ex entry."
,Not Recommended,258180,13835711,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,INFRΛRΞD,"What a ♥♥♥♥ing disrespect to the Deus Ex series...Pros:-noneCons:-Unpatched mobile port-Alot of bugs-Looks like PS1 era in a slight bigger resolution-Very dumb AI-CAN BUY ANYTHING FROM THE START,LITERALLY-No point of stealth the game forces you to use lethal force- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cover system-the recoil is unbelievebly stupid, as you shoot the screen zooms in and out WTF-The main charecter is blank that has no story-everyone looks like they got spray tanned with no skinOverall:Honestlly i rather play E.T that this shi*000000000.0/10"
76561198014730413,Not Recommended,258180,13884340,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Kalysto,"As a Deus EX fan, i feel disapointed and ofended. 3 hours of gameplay to get a ""more episodes coming soon"" when things are getting somewhat ""interesting""? It's a waste of money, unless you spend less than 1€ for it."
76561198040877065,Not Recommended,258180,14002366,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Jharainar,This game is very short. You can beat it in about 2 hours if you rush it.   Combat is the same as the first except there is something glichy with the takedowns not always shown. The indepth story from the first game is missing. Overall dont waste your money on this get deus ex human revolution.
76561197972407065,Not Recommended,258180,13968042,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Marnok,"THIS IS A BAD GAME.If Human Revolution died and came back as a zombie, this game would be its twitching severed toe after you blew its brains out.On PC, and after playing Human Revolution. I was really looking forward to more Deus Ex.Instead I got a poor quality tablet port which was not properly adapted to PC gameplay standards.If they had ported the content into the HR engine, I might have been able to overlook the slow scripting and the feel that the voice actors are on their first read-through.List of things which annoyed me in the first moments:Low texture quality, poor modelsenemies de-res (I thought this was a plot point at first, but no, the bodies just turn to polygons)can buy ammo and weapons ANYWHERE (in the middle of combat, surounded by enemies) from the inventory screenno jumpingclunky controlsunresponsive controls (ignores clicks)unarmoured cannon-fodder enemies who take multiple headshots and still fight on...this was just the first few MINUTES of play.so, no."
76561198025089847,Not Recommended,258180,13948826,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Taurec,Lets just forget this exists and hope for a real one.
,Not Recommended,258180,9723377,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Dirty_Seabass,Deus Ex: The Fail
,Not Recommended,258180,9555765,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Diswhitekid,If you fix some of the bugs it would be a great game please fix this and fast and make it more able to use  more types of controllers this would help a ton thanks and add more story to the thing omg are you kidding me this thing need more story if you are going to make knock off at least go all the way through the storyedited after I replayed deus ex human rev againthis game has nothing to do with the rev but also this game get so much hate for being a port because Maybe you guys do need to look at other game this game looks ok and also this game has better gameplay than some the games I have played that is a port of course you are not gonna get the same stuff from a phone port to computer so yeah it is gonna be worse than a normal version but people give it alot of crap because it has nothing to do with the story of deus ex human rev but that is not true in deus ex human rev you did not get sickness of what ever becuase your dna was different than other people so it they actually made this game more realistic in that aspect becuase his body was resisting the augmentations and so you are being not only predjudice against this game your being irrational this game has quite abit of the original story in it
76561198010392969,Recommended,258180,9986807,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Sir ANT of Wilton,"The worst $ 10 game I think I have ever bought from steam.It should be removed from Steam buy lists ,All itb does is ruin Steams reputation for selling it.I would like a full refund"
76561197989124589,Not Recommended,258180,14003619,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Kay,"Deus Ex : Human Revolution was an awesome game.I started playing Deus Ex on the very firt Deus Ex title when I was 8 or 9 years old. I didn't get all of it, but I still enjoyed it.I enjoyed it even more several years later, maturity kicking in and all.There was a sequel, unfortunately... Something named Deus Ex 2. Something that should never have come between any gamer's hands. But hey, nobody is perfect.Deux Ex : Human Revolution went back to the basics, when you had to actually make a choice about where to spend those skill points and you couldn't get everything up. The kind of choices that dramatically impact your gameplay experience, and you feel the need to take the right decision.Plus the graphics were good, the storytelling was great... A great game, what else can I say ?Then there is Deus Ex : The Fall, coming after Human Revolution.At first I was like ""Hey, the last one was awesome, and this is supposed to be linked with it... Can't be anything but good"".I had never been so wrong.- NEW HERO, with the charisma of a cow- OLD GRAPHICS, way below Human Revolution- SHORT, like 2-3 hours long gameplay, ended by a ""to be continued"" that kicks you in the stomach at the VERY moment you think ""Finally, things are getting serious""- POOR STORYLINE, with a new drug problem on top of Neuropozyn from Human Revolution, which is... the only good part, actually.My advice, wait for a GOOD Steam sale to buy it... If you REALLY want it. I had it at -75%, it already felt too expensive for the experience provided. And I played like 9 hours, so I REALLY got around it all... mostly."
76561198175542826,Recommended,258180,18006444,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,mdennis202,A lot of people are sandbagging this game and I agree with a lot of their points.  However it's presentation is just as good as any modern Deus Ex game.  The music and visuals are straight from Human Revolution and I love it.   The gameplay is simplified.  i think it was a mobile game first.  If you love the franchise play this game.  But play it last.  Play the good Deus Ex games first.
76561198344136543,Not Recommended,258180,29757657,Posted: 7 February,all,the expert,the graphics is that of similar to a phone
,Not Recommended,258180,10854586,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,cyberakuma666,"as a huge deus ex fan i was excited when i saw this on steam but seeing bad reviews i waited until i could get it cheap being a tablet game controls and graphics were always going to be poor a sdtory written by hames swallow wasn't going to help either but possibly the most disappointing sides to this are 1, for a deus ex game this is really linear none of the alternative selections ever make a real impact on the story i know they have slowly done away with this over the past couple of games but now leisure suit larry has more decision making involved than thi and 2, it is incomplete even for £1.99 i felt this was too short and honestly thought before the credits started to roll that i had just finished  chapter that was a real big let doen hopefully if they ever do release the rest of this game it won't be at any extra cost as i really feel for those that paid £7 for this"
,Recommended,258180,12430905,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,IridescenceCasts,"This is a mobile game port, so the Gfx are low and the animation is jumpy. The cover system works well but gun damage is terrible, i would think an assault rifle round to the head would drop a regular human but no. so watch for that"
76561197998172729,Recommended,258180,10996788,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ryvaken Tadrya,"I preordered this and got the Steam edition of DX:GOTY free. I got my money's worth.If you're paying full price, you will not get your money's worth.Let's start with the bad. The game is glitchy. You can't change the keyboard or mouse layout, your inventory is a terrible mix of game mechanics, you've only got about half the augmentations out of Human Revolution, the graphical design reminds one of Invisible War's summer home in the uncanny valley, and the voice acting...it's a Deus Ex game. The voice acting is no surprise.Is there any good left to be had? Of course. This is the runt of the Deus Ex franchise, but that still gives it a solid pedigree. The core gameplay is there. The vibrant world is there. The story is a lightweight, but it's there. If you're a fan of the series, there's enough here to be worth your time.Treat The Fall as a glorified DLC for Human Revolution, but don't put it on the same tier as The Missing Link. Put it on your wishlist and wait for the price to crash."
,Not Recommended,258180,14552753,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,tom,"Great mobile game. PC, just no."
76561197988510453,Recommended,258180,17906033,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sheep Lord,I'm honestly confused by all negative reviews.  It certainly does not live up to the expectations of a Deus Ex game but it's not bad.  It was really short and the plot is unfinished (and likely never will be finished) but it was fun.
,Not Recommended,258180,24715492,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Cataquack,">Buys this game>""Hey, this is alright, not HR, but a nice distraction"">Finish Panama Rooftop>""Oh boy! I can't wait to see whats gonna happen in Australia!"">Cutscene plays>""TO BE CONTINUED"">wat>game is over, australia will never happen>mfw>game forever unfinished"
76561197970896450,Not Recommended,258180,9607923,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Riff-RAFF,No key binding. Full of bugs. Menus freeze up. This was a waste of money...
,Not Recommended,258180,9614250,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,teh_kommadore,"This game plays like it's from the '90s. You cant even do active aiming, sound cuts out at random, controls are clunky. To think that it was made in this decade is farfetched if it wasnt based on Deus Ex human revolution."
,Not Recommended,258180,9604758,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,m0rph3u$,Fooking♥♥♥♥♥♥ Cut Version. WTF ?
76561198047232475,Not Recommended,258180,9610712,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,JZPotter,"Oh my GOD! I can't even get this to DISPLAY properly. I have two monitors, it refuses to play on the main display, and when I go from two monitors to one, it suddenly acts like there's still a second screen!"
76561198001365001,Not Recommended,258180,9614247,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Grasshopper,"After enjoying Deus Ex Human Revolution, I thought it would be fun to follow another storyline in the same universe. I was wrong. This game is an insult to the name."
76561198006596264,Not Recommended,258180,9606864,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Tshup,"maybe a good game for your smart phone, the PC build is technically rubbish, not worth the money."
76561198025575069,Not Recommended,258180,9607241,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,KatnissEverBoom,"An unfortunate mess. Graphics not up to par, storyline is predictable, and gameplay is awkward--didn't register controller and what's with the in game store? This is NOT the Deus Ex franchise that we know and love.**note this game came out for mobile devices first and plays VERY WELL THERE. That being said, the Fall was no where near ready to be released on better platforms. Step it up Square Enix"
,Not Recommended,258180,9612051,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Delta Bravo,"This game would better be named ""The Fail"", as it has definitely fallen.  The porting of this game to PC is poorly done and nothing about it is complete.  The lack of customizable keybinds and sloppy mouse control are, as a pair, a deal breaker and extremely shameful for a game release.  I won't even elaborate on the terrible combat system or the broken audio that disupts the storyline enough to cause you to just....quit.   This game lacks polish and, honestly, it doesn't look like much effort was put into making this a finished product.  I would say that this is Invisible War revisited, yet at least IW was playable."
76561198018474246,Not Recommended,258180,9613324,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Goor00,"I don't really know what I was expecting when I pre-ordered this game, but the price-tag should have been a big warning for me. First of all, I am NOT one of those haters who slam all other Deus Ex games but the first one just because they don't use the same game mechanics, plot depth or what so ever. So SquareEnix's ""reboot"" was, in my opinion a very well produced and orchestrated Blade Runnerish type of game with a solid story and some heated ammo-wasting moments. The only downfall was the constant loading between city districts which broke the pace.Now I do not know who or why or when this aweful piece of software was bred, but if there is ONE Deus Ex franchised game you should NOT play, it's THIS garbage. Be it the graphics which look like they were created 5 years ago and only ""shine"" because of a recent game engine, the stereotype dialogs, the horrid level design, the pestering bugs, the gameplay mechanics which were apparently made for alien hands... I could go on and on. This game should simply NOT exist. And you do not need to own it. Just forget it play a real Deus Ex game, which ever you want, but seriously, if you value your life, do not get this... thing."
,Not Recommended,258180,9613522,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,tricorder42,No me gusta.These textures are worse than Deus Ex the original.This gameplay is as bad as an average AAA game.This game is as poorly coded as anything.
,Not Recommended,258180,9615441,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Time-Travelling Pervert,Horribly rushed mess of a game. The mix of reused assests and new ones (which are low quality and just play unattractive) creates an unappealing look to the game. It would have only taken a tiny bit more effort to make quality textures for the game.
76561198026363357,Not Recommended,258180,9606732,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,skywolf,"Worst adaptation what I ever seen. You can't reconfigure the keyboard settings. It is mean to a left-handed player, this game is unplayable."
,Not Recommended,258180,9612831,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Redus,"I ♥♥♥♥ing beat this in two hours, i feel very cheated."
,Not Recommended,258180,9615727,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Flyin Fish,"Good example of a VERY lazy port. Sound is broken, controls are broken, gameplay is broken, just dont bother with this game!"
76561198038832472,Recommended,258180,30112317,Posted: 22 February,all,mattbackers,love it!
,Not Recommended,258180,9655539,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,BurglarBill,This is an awful game. I bought this game fully expecting it live up to the rest of the series....how disapointed am I. The playability is limited and the graphics are awful. It's like going back 5 years when you look at the visuals.One word - Ruined
76561198027864521,Not Recommended,258180,9658176,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Duffman,This game was fun but way too short. The graphics are also somehow worse than the last Deus Ex. Not worth the 10$.
76561198044217164,Not Recommended,258180,11090988,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Jerfon Jerkface,just don't.
,Not Recommended,258180,15438209,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Mackledog,"This game was terrible. The first chapter is a very clunky tutorial, which gets extremely frustrating. The graphics are very poor for a game this new. I was fairly disappointed. The controls are very clunky, not at all like the controls of the earlier Deus Ex games. I would save your money and buy something else."
76561197960807589,Recommended,258180,20848564,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Zewy,It is ok game if you see it as a mobile game port and not PC game. Also the game stops ends so you wait for a new chapter that is never released...
,Not Recommended,258180,20476365,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,PEDO BEAR LOVES YOU,what a waste of f*cking money the game is ugly and isn't even finished. i got to the end and it said i'd completed it. there is supposed to be extra content but Square Enix has yet to add even after a year. THIS IS AWFUL UNDERTALE IS A POUND LESS AND IS VASTLY SUPERIOR
76561197965046644,Not Recommended,258180,35108770,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"I was expecting a lot from this especially after playing mankind but sadly this didn't deliver and mainly fustrated me as I try and figure how such a game was created. The game has a lot of gameplay issues such as bad graphics (I know it was built for hand held but come on after the success of man kind...they should of just made another pc game or had this for pc/consoles), weird controls as sometimes my character would turn a corner on his own or do someting that is completely opposite to what I wanted, there is also glitches to the map where your character can phase through or even be shot at through cover...yeah I had a few times being behind a solid wall...I would still get shot and killed by the enemy on the other side even though he doesn't have a line of sight on me..Another issue was the A.I as many times I found them just standing there not taking cover or would just charge me with everyone they had. Overall it's not worth getting especially with the price."
76561198073174044,Not Recommended,258180,31009337,Posted: 7 April,all,stubox8,"15 hours for $10;  not that impressed, at all.many of the characters were pathetically rendered;gamepad was unusably jumpy during ""hacking"" attempts;was able to drag the game to my second monitor, but ""full screen"" kept jumping the game back to the primary screen (BAD);ON THE PLUS SIDE:  the game was playable, had a (limited) story, but......"
76561198027069558,Recommended,258180,15747629,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,darkmagerubius,"In my version of the game, cigs are held in reverse.... and the women's bathrooms have urinals....Seriously though, this is DX: Lite edition. It was a fun diversion and should definitely be played if you are a big fan of the series, though I would suggest buying it on sale for a few bucks because that is really all it is worth. I got it on sale for $5 and it was worth it for that price."
,Recommended,258180,25203029,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"This is pretty good for a game made between larger titles in the same series. Although the game felt a little less polished and sophisticated, the market function (buying ammo, weapons and other items on demand with your regular menus - options, map, augmentations etc.) was excellent and saved a lot of faffing about. Technically, this is a prequel to the story in DX:HR (based on a novel) and although it was released afterwards as a game it was still fun to play. ****"
,Not Recommended,258180,9597118,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,vodkins,"DON'T BY THIS SHEAT! This game without possibility to remap keyboard layout! Just listen - PC strong tittle without remap option! ""Full Mouse & Keyboard control scheme"" - Yeah, full, my arsss. You can view layout they insert into you and some unknown ""?"" button to view something i don't know what. I am even do not want to play this garbage. So, if you lefthanded or partially disabled or just out of that ""wasd"" mass - go away. Find a better way to spend you money. Poo in WC or vomit in dark corner will be better and more pleasant..."
76561197987031577,Recommended,258180,11484060,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Neo,"Just incredibly free in the tactical sense, perfect atmospheric and absorbing plot, it is just like Human Revolution, but shorter, with lower graphics and gameplay. As every iOS game imported to PC, its controlls are unchangable, but pretty similar to the rest of PC games, although a bit anoying.Not a specially good game since it is released after Human Revolution. If you liked it (much), and played its expansion The Missing Link, you should play this game (expect low quality adaptation to PC).Stay sick."
76561198039515891,Not Recommended,258180,25641568,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,DNcashman,DO NOT BUY. At least not on PC. I am a huge Deus Ex fan but this port over is so clunky and just awful to try and stumble through. Not even worth a buck in my opinion. I should have listened to all the other reviews.
76561198142250921,Not Recommended,258180,19846510,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,BlackWidow,SADLY DO NOT BUY THIS FROM STEAM IT WILL NOT START IT SAYS PLEASE RUN FROM STEAM AND SHUTS DOWNREALLY BULL%$^& DO TO STARTING IT FROM STEAM
,Not Recommended,258180,18536445,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sponge Platinum,"Has the visuals of the Deus Ex released in 2000 with the mechanics (sorta) of Deus Ex: Human Revolution. If Human Revolution was a fine aged Whiskey, this game is... an O'Douls.No, but really. Just like in HR, this game has: a high-rise level, a massive ship level, a night club, a slum area with frag mines, helicopter guarded by robots, female helicopter pilot, conspiracies. Reused animations and music but super low-res textures. This is very much like a slice of HR, but at lower production value.All quests in 90min, or up to 6 hours if you want to search every trash bin."
,Not Recommended,258180,9541519,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,qrpiech,"To clear things up - here's graphics comparison between PC and mobile:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-S0AtMTGNP8Graphics are practically the same as on mobile devices - main differences are (apart from higher resolution, better framerate and MSAAx8):- some textures are more detailed and in higher resolution (especially on characters' suits - skip to 00:50 in the video above to see it clearly)- lightning is yellowish (just like Deus Ex Human Revolution) whereas on mobile devices it was more or less orange- some objects receieved better animations/physics - like flags, which are now moving on the wind instead of just hanging like a piece of woodI don't like the HUD - it's not comfortable to use (especially binding weapons to slots and drawing them).In options menu you can still find options related to in-app purchases(!!!)It requires some patching, you also shouldn't have high expectations - it's a mobile game and it feels like one."
,Recommended,258180,14930617,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Vadam5,"People, its not that bad.Its just a prequel to Human Revolution. A short one, but still not bad.Dont expect much because its a port from a mobile game.But its not bad."
76561198176645947,Not Recommended,258180,24961589,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Darth Sxasz,"If you are thinking it is a good game... Well i am damn pretty sure it is your first Deus Ex experience. So put your mouse keyboard or gamepad down , yea like that nice and slow... Go and buy other ones , especially ''Adam Jensen''  one. Do not buy and do not play this horse♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,258180,29550553,Posted: 28 January,all,Goatpod,Do not buy this utter bilge.
,Recommended,258180,24950808,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,SuccuLyxX,"I'm not going to pretend DX:TF is a great game. It has very cheap production values, at times cringeworthy voice acting that rivals the original Deus Ex and pretty bad models. But taken into consideration this is essentially a mobile game, it's actually pretty impressive.Gameplay-wise I would say it plays a lot like DXHR though you can access the weapon store anywhere which makes the gameplay a bit more interesting as you don't need to visit hubs to buy new weapons. There are also more variations available. There's still a ton of options available for each mission.Worst issue might be the controls, specifically the way the game emulates touchscreen control. You have to be very precise with your clicks for them to register, cause if you move your mouse even slightly while clicking it counts as if you swipe the screen. But once you get used to this, it's not that big of a deal.The main reason I recommend this game is the story and just the chance to play as a protagonist who isn't a superhuman man-machine, you're just a regular augmented soldier who still needs Neuropazyne for your augmentations and it adds a more relatable human aspect to him. I also love exploring the backstory behind the Tyrant group and some of the things leading up to Human Revolution.All in all, DX:TF is not by far the worst Deus Ex game and if you get used to the controls and lower your expectations a bit, I find it very enjoyable. Shame it seems they canned the sequels.STORY: 8/10Very well written and there's tons of stuff to read and explore for fans of the lore.GRAPHICS: 7/10For a mobile game very nice graphics, though some of the models are pretty cheap-looking.SOUND: 7/10No original music, and at times very cringe-worthy voice acting, but otherwise the sound works fine.GAMEPLAY: 8/10The typical Deus Ex style gameplay is here in spades. Whether you wanna go in guns blazing, sneak around and maybe not even kill anyone, or just hack everything, the game gives you tons of options.SCORE: 7/10"
,Not Recommended,258180,21633392,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Deine Angst,I never asked for this... piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,258180,25067982,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,G510Gamer,terible mobile port
76561197969393189,Recommended,258180,9707363,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Lord Charnecus,"I bought the game on pre-release and I didn't play it after several days from its release. I read some reviews before playing and I was expecting something horrible before even starting it, but actually I am enjoying it.It is a tablet port so don't expect too much about the action, but the history and the ambient are very good. In my opinion, for that amount of money is not that bad game."
76561198108269527,Recommended,258180,9711599,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,quantum_jak,"Wow. Lots of people hate this game. It is a very mediocre Deus Ex game. However, it is still a Deus Ex game. My biggest complaint about this - you can't aim down the sights of weapons, forcing you to rely strictly on the reticle. Could it be better? Sure. Will they release updates to improve the game based on feedback? Hopefully.Should you buy this? Depends on two things: how much you like Deus Ex, and, quite frankly, just how pissy are you? Personally for me this game is a worthy addition to the fiction, it just could be better executed. The problems with the game are not so great in my mind that they sour the legacy of one of the best series of games ever made."
76561197994064941,Recommended,258180,9764249,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,dmata,"Although, it is shorter than other DeusEx games, it was fun to play this one."
76561198072124889,Recommended,258180,10040383,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,frederickedward 1,"Deus  ex  the  fall  ,   i am  on the foof   but when  restart   game  building is upside down why?  bug?"
,Not Recommended,258180,10743976,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Geyblade,"I do and don't recommend it.  For little cost, sure why not.  But don't expect much.  It's, well the guy can't jump for one, and damn working a keyboard an mouse.  Maybe better for a controller user, but if I will play pad I'll play console.  Does a diservice to the series that the prequel really did a huge favor for, but it is a sideline story, not much of one."
76561198072197921,Recommended,258180,28698445,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,G1 Telemachus,"I'm going to be blunt.  This game was made to be a mobile game, unfortunately the mobile version sucked due to crashing all the time so the PC port is great.  The graphics aren't amazing, but they aren't awful by a longshot.  The best thing I can suggest is plug yourself a 360 controller, or PS3 as the case may be, in and play it like a console game.  With an actual controller it's a good game, the controls are simple due to it being a mobile game originally... but once you get used to it, it's a pretty decent addition to the Deus Ex franchise."
,Not Recommended,258180,14498959,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,GAZcool,crap graphics...wierd controlls...boring story...what is going on?...sees mobile store screen...░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄████████████████▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄██▀░░░░░░░▀▀████████▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀██████▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄░░▀▀█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██████░░░░░░░░░░░█▄██▀▄░░░░░▄███▄▄░░░░░░███████░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀██▀░░░░░▄▄▄░░▀█░░░░█████████░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▄▀░▄░░█▄██▀▄░░░░░██████████░░░░░░░█░░░░▀░░░█░░░▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░██████████▄░░░░░░░░▄█▄░░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░██████████▀░░░░░░░█▀░░░░▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░███▀███████░░░░░▄▄░▀░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░██████░░░██████░░█▄█▀░▄░░██░░░░░░░░░░░█▄█████▀░░░██████░░░▀████▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀█████████▄██████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄██████████████████░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄░░░████████████████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀░░▄██████████████████████▄▄░░░░░░░░░▀░░░▄▀▄███████████████
,Not Recommended,258180,9574750,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,mitsubi,OK now we have it yellow
76561198003586746,Not Recommended,258180,13131462,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,gendar,"Beware, this game leads to gaming impotence."
,Recommended,258180,29068486,Posted: 6 January,all,SOCOM,"I mean, it's OK."
76561198113014119,Recommended,258180,23477571,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Shadow Ops,"Deus Ex: The Fallfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effectsgood game."
76561198045163743,Not Recommended,258180,10677277,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Failbird,Crap.
76561197976225811,Not Recommended,258180,9864896,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,soulbash,No key mapping
,Recommended,258180,13164992,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Lolrus,"Let me start with this. Ignore the majority of the unhelpful negative reviews!This game seems like it was an incredible game for Mobile, and it is still a good game on PC.The gameplay is so close to Deus Ex: Human Revolution that it felt like I was playing some kind of DLC or expansion to DX:HR(which is a good thing)! There was some changes to the gameplay, as you would expect as it was originally a mobile game, but overall the gameplay was entertaining. The most disappointing part, however, was the fact that bodies disappear, so you can not hide them to stop enemies finding them. Instead, guards have about 5 seconds to have a chance at noticing body and after that they are unable to.The story was quite interesting and entertaining. I am however disappointed in the game as it ends with a ""To be continued..."" and yet it seems the devs thought, ""Ah, you know what? Screw it!"". Perhaps the game didn't take off very well (the ridiculous amount of over the top criticizing reviews seem to back that up), or/and the devs just cancelled it. Or, maybe we are going to have to wait a ridiculous amount of years to continue it (which is very unlikely. It has most likely been cancelled, which is a shame as it was great fun while it lasted).The graphics are decent. If they were like this on mobile, then they did a fantastic job. The game seems to run incredibly well on high settings, so I thinks it safe to assume that most modern PC and perhaps even Laptops could run it (yet to try my old laptop yet, but I may).The sound and voice acting is fairly good. The sounds are mostly recycled from DX:HR, any new ones aren't fantastic. However, the voice acting on the other hand, is fairly good. The majority of named characters are voiced at a good standard, however the un-named character are mostly voiced poorly. Ben Saxons voice actor sounds quite bad at the very beggining, however, he soon sounds better.Oh, and there is only one save file... Yeah... Only one... That's pretty much the only negative thing I have to say about this though, and it's not that much of an issue.Overall, I give this a 7/10.Pros:Almost completely mirrors the gameplay of Human Revolution, and therefore feels like an expansion rather than a new game (which is a good thing!).Awesome main character (like every other Deus Ex game).Interesting story.Decent Graphics.Mostly, good quality voice acting.Stays true to the Deus Ex franchise.Cons:Not much new. Now I know it was a mobile game, but they could have got some slightly new stuff.New sounds are quite naff.Unfinished story/disappointing cliff hanger. And it doesn't look like it's going to continue anytime soon.One save file. Now that is just annoying!!! D:< xDAnyway, like me, you should ignore all the bad reviews and give it a shot yourself! I bought the entire Deus Ex collection and this was the first one I played (I have of course played some of the other Deus Ex games in the past (DX1 and DX:HR)), because I wanted to try it for myself. Give it a shot! You, hopefully, won't regret it. (Although, I'd get it on sale if I were you, it's definitely not worth £8.00. Mainly because the story is unfinished.)"
,Recommended,258180,17172232,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Reclaimer,"Easily the best game in the franchise!The Fall > Deus Ex + Human Revolution + Invisible War + Mankind DividedInsanely good story, with great gameplay mechanics!"
76561197970496490,Not Recommended,258180,9868667,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Villnius,"What a piece of crap.    They took Deus Ex: HR, made the inventory and augment interface clunkier, made the controls less responsive, removed the ability to jump, and made the game about as linear as you can get (while telling you that it's not).   The voice acting even sucks.   Not worthy of the Deus Ex name -- heck it's not even worth the $10 price.On top of all that?   It ends as a ""to be continued"" with no plans to actually do it.    Would have been nice if they'd mentioned that you were buying an incomplete game in the description."
,Recommended,258180,9681210,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,JinjaNinja,utter garbage. avoid.
,Not Recommended,258180,13738439,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Can't Stop The Madness,"A terrible game that ♥♥♥♥♥ on the legacy of something beautiful, 'The Fall' is more like 'The Fallen'.It's a port of a mobile game, and not much has been changed to bring it to the PC. Seriously? I have to live with these terribly over-simplistic controls and rubbish graphics? This may fly on a the iPad, but not on my beautiful machine.I did a Let's Play of this game, so you don't have to. Find part one here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eEvZ_52eLLY"
76561198027912209,Not Recommended,258180,9698842,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Loser,"I wish I hadn't bought this, I'm actually sick."
76561198186646398,Not Recommended,258180,25292356,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,that one kid,Is it even finished
76561198040809484,Recommended,258180,14954836,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,TheRam,Slit my wrists as a result of playing10/10Would highly recommend if you wanna become emo like me.
76561198039831713,Not Recommended,258180,17256054,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Xauros,Fell flat.
76561197984102013,Not Recommended,258180,9607595,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,gopher,This blows.
76561198082145152,Not Recommended,258180,9910101,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Auntie Clarabell,would be nice if i could get into the second level without the game freezing.
76561198218800792,Recommended,258180,23446154,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,The Rhinopotomus,"I'd seen a lot of posts saying it's the worst game in exisistance, but I figured, 'haters gonna hate.' I was right. It's not terrible, but it's not great either. If you're a fan of the franchise and you like the world they've created, get it cheap. Just keep in mind it's not Human Revolution. I actually enjoyed it for what it was and my only issue is that it's ""to be continued..."" 2 years ago. I doubt they'll finish it as it's received nothing but hate, but if it's on sale it's a nice little way to tide you over until you get Mankind Divided. It's graphically underwhelming and the story starts weak in my opinion, but it caught my interest and I actually enjoyed playing the game."
,Not Recommended,258180,20433788,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Wertyop70,Are you freaking kidding me? It took me less then 5 hours to beat this game. Stupid ending with a terrible OP boss. I couldnt believe my eyes when it flashed *To be continued* on my screen. Absolutely ridiculous mobile port. Dont pay money for this. I seriously cannot believe it
76561198123786161,Recommended,258180,9720655,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,j_stephenson84,I didn't know I was paying for only the beginning portion of the game. What a rip!
76561198131719713,Recommended,258180,17977440,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,plague dragon,good
,Not Recommended,258180,9631555,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Benishe323,"I loved the novel from which the game takes its inspiration, but the graphics and animation of the game is not up to par to Deus Ex: Human Revolution and that really takes away from enjoying the game. Seeing Namir walking around like an awkard sack of meat really stole the moment of enjoyment i was looking forward to."
,Not Recommended,258180,35143593,Posted: 22 September,all,ʁɚdaɳʞᵘɭ☮ᵘᶳ,Very boring game with crappy handling. This game feels and plays like a much older game.
76561198019050389,Recommended,258180,28379575,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,tech951,"The game is actually pretty good once you get past some flaws and weird controls. I just played through all my Deus Ex games again except mankind divided. Tje game has plenty of memorable fire fights. Just get past the clunky controls. Get used to them and you will find yourself enjoying the game. No, you cannot really compare this title with the others. Deus Ex Invisible War was kind of similar. Great fun once you got used to those controls as well."
,Not Recommended,258180,27761010,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,zoll.tdc,"No in-flight movie and incomplete story!Once you get past the part it is a janky port, it is over anyway."
,Not Recommended,258180,14593225,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Toad™ ツ,playing through it now and its just broken ♥♥♥♥ing brokenworst recoil everbad cover and firingLOADING SCREENS ♥♥♥♥ING LOADING SCREENS3/10
,Not Recommended,258180,32836538,Posted: 26 June,all,Ye Olde Hardscoper,Crappy PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of a PC port of a mobile port of Human Revolution.
,Recommended,258180,9630260,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,MarkfromTheRoom,"I'm in the extreme minority here, but I actually enjoyed this game for what it is.  I find playing with a touch screen unbearable so I was happy to see this show up on Steam.  It's basically a stripped down HR originally made for portable devices and as such has some notable sacrifices compared to HR.  The AI is bad, the controls can be clunky and the visuals are below average.  That said, the visuals are very similar in art style to HR and IMO get the job done just fine.  The game includes a single hub roughly the size of one from HR.  If you enjoyed the hacking, stealth and story telling from HR then you may very well enjoy this too.  The combat is mediocre at best but I found the story surprisingly good.  The voice acting is adequate although not top tier by any stretch.  The game took me approximately 4.5 hours to play through which includes some but not all side quests.  My biggest complaints don't really have to deal with the core game itself and more its port to PC.  There's really no excuse for no key rebinding, regardless of being a mobile port.  The most annoying thing is the how unresponsive mouse clicks can be for the UI.  I'd be nice if you could adjust the FOV, but the default is resonable in 16:9.  Since I never played the mobile release I was happy just to see it available on PC.  Considering its origins, I think it's pretty decent.  I don't know what some people expected out of a $10 mobile port (that comes with a free $7 game).  If you're a DX fan and don't have ridiculous expectations you might have some fun with this.  For $10 I think it was easily worth it for 5 or so hours of game time.  I'd give it a 6/10 as a DX fan."
,Recommended,258180,9619961,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,[SQRL][SK][STB]ServiusTheBear,I have to say I was not expecting much from a mobile game port. But without comparing it to the other games. It was actually alright. Not 10 out of 10 for todays standards of games but it is about a 7. It has room for improvement. I want to see this story continued. I certainly enjoyed it even with its flaws.
76561198006244504,Recommended,258180,12237428,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,vitlus,"For anyone that likes Deus Ex games I would highly reccomend this game, especialy if you are a fan of the lore and also read the Icarus Effect novel.For all those looking for a good FPS, and heard about Deus Ex, skip this for starters and go with Deus Ex: Human Revolution instead."
,Not Recommended,258180,30222205,Posted: 27 February,all,Oskurr,Worst game I ever played.
76561197980910801,Not Recommended,258180,17801424,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Haute DIO,"So this game is total♥♥♥♥♥♥- at any price point. We all know this. I'm not going to try and convince you otherwise, but if you're a horrible masochist who HAS to know how an iOS port of a ♥♥♥♥ing DEUS EX game works (like I was)... Oh boy is it worth it. I just want to know what Eidos bigwig was like: ""Hm, how could we the Deus Ex license justice? You know, that game that defines the FPS/stealth genera? I know! That would be GREAT for iOS! And we'll port it to PC so everyone who can play the original Deus Ex and Human Revolution whenever they feel like it can enjoy this too! BRILLIANT!"" I'd seriously rather play Invisible War again."
,Not Recommended,258180,13942518,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Exarphcomanantabitom,I loved Deus Ex: Human Revolution and I am very offended by this game.
76561198272403360,Not Recommended,258180,23710732,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ROBOKING 5000,eh
,Not Recommended,258180,22488847,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,PhilipPino,"cant run this game, please remove the ""online/steam"" check."
76561198107779127,Recommended,258180,10018746,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,toammar2006,Good Game
76561198061771585,Not Recommended,258180,9600938,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,joxertm22,"Positives first.The game is very familiar with DX:HR which means if you like that game you'll like the playstyle in this one too, I love when subs are turned on by default like here and the music is again top notch. Spotted only three really not important bugstwo mobs disappeared on reload, sometimes you can't loot a hostile after takedown when he is dropped inside a wall or whatnot, you won't get an questing achievement if you warn Alvarez since it counts as quest failed while it shouldn't since after you get a reward from him you can still grab his datapad.And that's… It.Negatives?1. BloodyFacebookintegration. If I wanted to play Candy Crush on Facebook, I'd play Candy Crush on Facebook. Or Pet Society. Do you hear Square Enix? If you want to sell Facebook games, sell them on Facebook, not on Steam!2. Main menu option ofMore content. Hello SquareE, I'm not buying DLC! Sell it to your mother. Besides I got almost every skill unlocked, what could I possibly do in DLC?3. While I'm not graphics ♥♥♥♥♥, Icarus animation is a dissapointment and since you can't climblike in DX:HR, that skill is practically useless and you see it only in two cutscenes. Lame! Yes, this means level design also got hurt and is not nearly as good as in DX:HR.4. The game on me was 9 hours long - explored everything, killed nothing and left no stone unturned. No, it's not I'm complaining on the total playtime, for only 10€ it's okay. However, once you finish it, instead of THE END, it says: TO BE CONTINUED. And not a single thing open in the story got resolved. Did I mention I'm not buying DLC?Can't put 1 because it's polished and there is some fun to have with here, but can't be generous either:2/10ME3 perhaps didn't have a ""satisfying"" ending but at least it had one. This game doesn't have anything even close to an ending but is an intro to another milking DLC:The Game and as such is a scam.Guys, don't buy this even on sale."
,Not Recommended,258180,17605446,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Mommy says I'm Special,
,Not Recommended,258180,25061659,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Skor,"Be warned, incomplete story line of the game.  It was intended to be a longer run, but it seems they never bothered to add more content.  So the game leaves you hanging only part way through your ""life quest"".Graphics are sub-par.  Half the voices if not more are computer generated and sound it ""badly"".If you can get past that and the poor shooting desing (no ability to actually raise your xross hairs always just a point a shoot).Maybe play it if it's free and your are bored."
,Recommended,258180,25499487,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Jo_Sure,good game but short
,Not Recommended,258180,24983697,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Axon,"No Jensen, No Party."
,Not Recommended,258180,25035205,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Mordicant,"After playing HR for 35 hours, i thought this would be a short enjoyable stopgap before MD but it's not even worth the install time. terrible, just terrible. if you can put up with the clunky controls for the story then go for it on a sale otherwise stear clear. aweful aweful aweful."
,Not Recommended,258180,25003736,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,aKa AuGiE,"This game is absolutely awful. Ok, allow me to elaborate. It is awful IN COMPARISON TO WHAT A DEUS EX GAME SHOULD BE. I played Deus Ex: Human Revolution for the Xbox 360 quite a while ago, and so I have returned to the Deus Ex franchise now on PC, and wanted to play this game (and likely Human Revolution right after) before the release of the new game. It was going fairly well...the plot isn't half bad, I was somewhat engrossed in what was going on...then you get to a transition and...BAM!The game ends. That's it. It's over. Honestly, I've never been so disappointed in a game's ending. It's the laziest game I've ever played, I can't believed I paid even a cent for a game that was not finished. And, as far as I can tell, there was never any DLC released to complete Ben Saxon's tale. I would not recommend this to anyone under any circumstance. Just skip it and play Human Revolution, which is a great game."
,Recommended,258180,30324118,Posted: 4 March,all,MEZISH,Nice short. #WTF
,Recommended,258180,9581530,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Ggdograa,You might notice all the people giving this game a thumbs down also haven't played the game for more than 20-30 minutes. Give this game a chance and you'll find it to be a watered down version of Human Revolution and aside from a few control problems it's not a bad game and great value for the price.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=698h_AOs0cs
76561198260693519,Recommended,258180,25501855,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,nananana BATMAN!!,İt isn't good game for PC.İ recommend it for mobile.
76561198058592259,Recommended,258180,9654884,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,darkandmenacing,"There's a lot of people who don't recommend this. Personally, I had fun playing it. No, you can't jump. There's bugs. and yeah the voice acting isn't the greatest. For a ten dollar game though, it was great. I liked it.Bottom line for any video game -I- play is that I have to have fun playing it for me to like it. It's a video game. If your not having fun, what's the point? The story is interesting and had me sucked in. I personally can't wait for the next part of the game to come out. I wanna know what happens next!"
,Not Recommended,258180,30676945,Posted: 22 March,all,Chapel,no
76561198061203750,Recommended,258180,9583331,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Yung Pepe,Deus Ex has always been one of my favorite game series and this part is nice too...but its a very short game so far and if the updates will cost money i wouldnt buy this game ...for sure its a good game but if you have to pay 25$in the end its just too much for this game.At the moment i can say that i enjoyed playing this part ....but the graphics are not very good and there are many glitches ...at one point you can fall out of the map but i guess you wont find that place...ijust found it by luck.I just bought this game cause im a HUGE fan of deus ex and its my favorite game series but i dont like this part as much as liked human revolutio.My tip: wait until an update and see if  you have to pay more than 10 euro... or wait until its cheaper.
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,258180,19121281,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Dustin,"This game feels like a more cluttered mess then Human Revolution.The menus are extremely annoying, the controls are changed and can no longer have aim/iron sights. THe gameplay feels like you're in a forced linear path with no exploration.You're a different character, who worked withthe same group/team that infiltrated the compound and shot you in the intro of Human Revolution.The graphics are blurry and isn't very pleasing.5/10"
,Recommended,258180,9605485,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,☣ Лордус ☣,"I just finished the game (first chapter) and on the second playthrough, I enjoyed it with the content I got from just a moblie port and was also happy that I got Deus Ex GOTY for free.I've seen the harsh reveiws this has been getting with people being disappointed of what the game looks like, its story and gameplay, yet these people do not know that it was for moblies (I'm surprised that all that content can be in a device like that)I also am enjoying the story so far and can't wait for it to expand into Australia in Canberra uncovering more of Ben's past.Another addition I've also enjoyed is the weapon skins you can buy, a spetnaz rilfe from the Deus Ex HR gives it uniqe variety along with the other attachments and features.The maps were not disappointing for me, I enjoyed looking around finding hidden areas and secrets, hacking safes and rooms to loot, making your own choice with what you say to others.Again, it's just a port from a moblie but is pretty detailed for what it is, if you're a Deus Ex fan then by all means; get this game and by also where it all started by getting Deus Ex 1 game of the year."
76561198028462648,Recommended,258180,9614333,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,BexcWexc,"Some bugs, and is definitely not as good as Human Revolution, but I still like it, gives me my Deus Ex fix. But they really should try to fix some of the issues, and finish continuing the story!Buy the game if you are as easily pleased as I am, just know that it is not as good as Human Revolution, but perhaps that's because it was designed for mobiles."
76561198092545683,Not Recommended,258180,29684171,Posted: 3 February,all,Fullmetal Jedi,"CRAP. crap crap crap, crap crap. crap... crap."
76561198013995465,Recommended,258180,29590809,Posted: 30 January,all,Slinka,nice game
,Not Recommended,258180,18427229,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Count Cuckula,"""good"" graphics for a mobile-port I guess but still not worth playing this turd"
,Not Recommended,258180,24740595,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ratentaisou,Human Revolution was far better than this...give my money back when i purchased the Deus Ex pack >:(
76561197971891519,Not Recommended,258180,14024814,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Don Bigus,"this is a pure cash in , i feel robbed. give me back my money please. this game has zero value to me or any one else that has played a real deus ex game."
76561198006354923,Recommended,258180,12279900,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,IIICoAxEsIII,Love it
,Not Recommended,258180,35202044,Posted: 25 September,all,TheROOT,Meh
,Not Recommended,258180,18152167,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Steven Johnson,"THIS CAME AFTER HUMAN REVOLOUTION? My god! This game is garbage. The graphics are shight, the game play is crap, the mechanics are POOP! Combat is crappy, you play one of the bad guys from the last one?ISH CRAP BUY DYING LIGHT!!!"
76561198044229474,Recommended,258180,16040479,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,"Oh look, JJ is here! (AFK)","I may be a little bias on this, given i am a HUGE fan of squares Deus Ex Series, but i liked The Fall. Sure it was a port from a mobile, but i didnt have any chance till steams release to experience it. It feels like a deus ex, with the city hubs, the side questing and leveling. Even for having a short run time and having some clipping errors, it is what it is. And i could see past the little things to still feel immersed in this world. Continuing to ask more questions, this stand-alone deserves a look if you, like myself, is deep into the deus ex series. Quite cheap at the time i got it. Would go another round. Steam achievement and badge supported, why not?"
,Recommended,258180,9580925,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,mg-mat,"Firstly, before you buy this game , be aware that it is a port from a mobile device , so do not expect the graphics, models and animations at Deus Ex: Human Revolution . If you come a little bit of distance to this product, you should not be disappointed . Beginning of the game along with the tutorial , does not encourage , but then in Panama is just better .The game features gameplay mechanics almost identical to its older brother , or sneaking with guards , system hacking , punching through walls , etc. Levels can go just like the original in many ways including the fact that the entire game can be completed without killing even one person . The biggest differences in the game , it is primarily a mobile shop available everywhere and at any time , making it easier gameplay too much for my taste . General simplification.Graphics although poorer compared to his older brother is pleasing to the eye and keeps the climate. Overall I would recommend , especially to fans of the universe , provided that it will approach the game from a distance .The price is to high for one episode, buy only on sales.Known issues that occur with me :- Sometimes the screen does not display hacking the whole map and you have to toil hard to move the screen so that we can make a successful hack .- Problems with the mouse sensitivity- The game despite the fact that theoretically supports standard Xbox controllers , you can see on my computer did an exception and the controller does not work.- Only one episode , I feel unsatisfied .Rating 6/10In Polish:Po pierwsze zanim zakupisz tą grę, bądź świadom, że jest to port z urządzeń mobilnych, nie oczekuj więc  grafiki, modeli i animacji na poziomie Deus Ex: Bunt Ludzkości. Jak już to przetrawisz i podejdziesz trochę z dystansem do tego produktu, to nie powinieneś się zawieść. Początek gry wraz z samouczkiem, nie zachęca, ale potem w Panamie jest już tylko lepiej.Gra posiada mechanikę rozgrywki niemal identyczną jak jej starszy brat, czyli skradanie z użyciem osłon,  system hackingu, przebijanie przez ściany itd. Poziomy można przejść podobnie jak w oryginale na wiele sposobów łącznie z tym, że całą grę da się ukończyć bez zabijania nawet jednej osoby. Największe różnice w rozgrywce, to przede wszystkim mobilny sklep dostępny wszędzie i w każdej chwili, co ułatwia rozgrywkę zbyt mocno jak na mój gust. Ogólne uproszczenia.Grafika pomimo, że uboższa w stosunku do swojego starszego brata jest przyjemna dla oka i trzyma klimat. Ogólnie polecam, zwłaszcza fanom tego uniwersum, pod warunkiem, że podejdą do gry z dystansem.Znane problemy które wystąpiły u mnie:- Czasami ekran hakowania nie wyświetla całej mapy i trzeba się mocno namęczyć, aby przesunąć ekran tak abyśmy mogli dokonać skutecznego hakowania.- Problemy z czułością myszy- Gra pomimo tego, że teoretycznie obsługuje kontrolery w standardzie Xbox, na moim komputerze widać zrobiła wyjątek i kontroler nie działa.- Tylko jeden epizod, czuję niedosyt.Ocena 6/10"
,Recommended,258180,12387996,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,M9A1 Gernsback,"Let me be frank. This is not a PC game, this is a port of a mobile game to the desktop, a fact that is very easy to miss.Do not expect much. It's good for a mobile game, but for a desktop one... let's just say it passes the time.It has a story, which is an achievement in itself, mobile games being what they are. This story is actually worth some mention, as it goes in parallel to the main DEHR plot and is pretty interesting< covering topics missing from the original game.But it is UNFINISHED. What you get is actually episode 1. And I don't suppose we'll be getting the whole story anytime soon, if at all.Still, the graphics are OK if you are not picky (I discovered that I am not), the combat system is OK if somewhat unbalanced (top-tier weapons do not pack enough punch), and it can give you some OK hours of gameplay (around 8 if you are thorough).Bottom line? If you played DEHR and liked its storyline - wait for a sale and buy The Fall. You'll like it."
76561197971103804,Recommended,258180,9592457,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,lob,"I bought this game knowing what it is: a port from tablets. Graphics and animation are not on par with modern PC games, but they are acceptable. Controls are clumsy in the fight, but since I play stealth, it does not matter. Quests and storyline are engaging, slowly revealing conspiracy around the new drug. Panama city serves as a hub with optional sidequests and some room for exploration. Unfortunately this is only the first act of the story and therefore it ends with ""To be continued..."".All in all I enjoyed the game and I hope the second part will be published in the future. Recommended only for die-hard fans who want to delve deeper into DE:HR world."
,Recommended,258180,12332250,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Muaath,I played it for more than 8 Hours :D.
76561198033719770,Recommended,258180,9617478,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Neo-Rio,"Deus EX the fall was originally designed for a touch-screen device, and in order to make a game of this style work for such a platform, it had to be dumbed down. Last time a Deus-Ex game got dumbed down (e.g. Invisible War) people complained... and that's even if the story was half passable and had some memorable scenes. No really, fans of Deus Ex don't like the game to be dumbed down an inch. We liked Deus-Ex for it's complexity.The problem is that The Fall goes one step further in the dumbing down department, and aside from making the controls all but unplayable for the mouse and keyboard PC players (thank you quick-and-dirty porting department), there are aspects of the gameplay that are no longer present. Bodies now disappear in a yellow triangular matrix (no need to hide them), and my character simply doesn't seem to be able to jump. Either that, or I haven't discovered how to jump yet (thanks to the aforementioned terrible controls). Also I can't seem to scroll the node map in the hacking subgame. Seriously... what the...?Really, it is that bad.If you liked Deus Ex Human Revolution, prepare to relearn how to play the game again. If you're a fan you'll get this anyway, but you'll feel that the game is second rate even if the story fixes some of the character development that Human Revolution skipped in it's storytelling. The game is passable only because they aren't charging much for it, and thank goodness for that. Despite it's flaws the game is passable, but only just."
,Recommended,258180,9605393,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,spacecircus,"Wow, I really don't understand all the hate. Granted, yes, the graphics are subpar but it's only a port from a mobile game. Keeping that in mind, I feel like they put a lot of effort into it. The environments are awesomely designed, there's a lot of places to explore and ways to do it.  There are dozens of files and funny emails to read. McMann composed a couple of new, cool songs for it. At first, I thought it was an adaptation of the book Icarus Effect, but it actually continues the story and I found myself enjoying it a whole lot! I can only hope we'll get to play as Kelso in part 2. The only complaint I have is that the fact that bodies disappear make the game a little too easy (less ways to be discovered). All in all, I loved it.I too would've preferred a reworked version for PC, but for what it is (and the reasonable price), it's fantastic."
,Not Recommended,258180,30233756,Posted: 27 February,all,Pillownuts,Nu.
,Recommended,258180,9585156,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Anipuma,"Wow. I'm surprised by the negative reviews prevalent on the store page (as I write this). I am a long-time gamer who has played all of the Deus Ex games when they were originally released.I personally found this to be a very enjoyable game, although I always play very steathily. I am not sure how this game would hold up if you took a more aggressive approach.Stuff I liked- Great environments- Multiple pathways and solutions- No crashes, solid framerate- I actually enjoyed having the store present with you at all times. It kept you playing the fun parts of the game.Stuff that could have been better- Sticky buttons in the menu- The UI is a bit strange- Few animation frames for NPC'sWhen I am actually in the game playing, I am having a really good time. It definitely has the Deus Ex vibe, style, and gameplay from the HR version of the franchise.If you like stealth, go for it. I've found it to be a good purchase."
76561197995242613,Recommended,258180,9597793,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,.:CuRSeD:.,I love Deus Ex but... This one is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!! SOOO disappointed!!!
76561198022895299,Recommended,258180,9604540,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,nar-hassan,short!
76561198068907729,Not Recommended,258180,25216111,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ChipotleSensei,I wouldn't play it even if it was free
76561198171872845,Recommended,258180,30860641,Posted: 31 March,all,Killer Keemstar,Dank!
,Recommended,258180,9615895,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,PCGameGuy,"A decent if not stellar mobile port, the controls are a bit laggy and the graphics are low res but the gameplay is good and felt like more Deus Ex HR to me. Returning to this world was nice and made me nostalgic for more of the full game, seeing skills like stealth takedowns and the stun gun brought it back to me and I found myself crouching in corners watching green triangles for the right moment to pop out again.It is a port though, so it is short and designed for touch screens not KB/mouse. Auto aim is in full effect, if you miss with this one you are not trying at all and the 'click to use, hold to change' on the keys often had me wasting resources. A new game plus mode afterwards makes achievement hunting easy as you can easily max out on the second run through and literaly walk in and do takedowns on whole rooms of enemies.Go in expecting a chance to play the mobile game and get a short burst of Deus Ex gaming in, and we can only hope the release on PC isn't the sign that the 'to be continued...' is now just another gaming lie."
76561198000748422,Recommended,258180,9614749,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Warchild,"Considering this is an App port they did a great job with it. Its not without its issues though. There is a sound glitch that was pervasive throughout. Sounds in dialogue, combat etc cut out every now and again so I did miss some plot (even with the subtitles on). Graphics glitches are rare but happen, worst being clipping through the world and dying while the map is floating above you. The keyboard controls are not configurable but the gamepad controls are solid.Despite all that its a fun little diversion back into an awesome game world. Even though its a downgrade the graphics are good. The combat is ok and it stays true to the Deus Ex world overall. Though my recommendation would be to wait for a sale before buying it."
,Recommended,258180,13067266,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Jordanwts,"Despite the general consensus, I had a blast during my time in Deus Ex: The Fall, so much so that I 100% it.This is coming from a huge fan of Deus Ex: Human Revolution. When you take this game for what it is; a game originally made for mobile devices, later ported over to PC. That doesn't necessarily harm the end product.I see the game as an extension of the universe they created during Deus Ex: HR, if that's what you're wanting then go for it, just go in mutual. Low expectations = higher satisfactory rate."
76561198060725110,Recommended,258180,9608449,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,hutchens.carl,This game fits solidly within the Deus Ex series but I wish they had released the whole thing.  I hate cliffhangers.  Be aware that you are only buying one chapter of the game.  The rest is presumably under development.
,Recommended,258180,12269528,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Draelon,"It was decent.... definitely not the same par as far as quality/story depth as the DE:HR, but it's good addition of content in the universe."
,Recommended,258180,9600730,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Swirlee,Plays like I paid $10.
,Recommended,258180,29515008,Posted: 26 January,all,Noct.BYZZ4,very easy compare to the main seriesgraphic is okay as this is a mobile portthe storyline is greatrecommended for Deus Ex hard core fans
76561198023820936,Not Recommended,258180,9541185,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,illuminatidaffos,strongly not recommend to those who loves DE. This is some kind of cheap port from mobile platform. freaking loss of money...
,Recommended,258180,32161013,Posted: 3 June,all,Τίτος Αλεπού,"Has better main character then Adam Jensen, that`s for sure."
,Recommended,258180,9600190,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Oakreef,"Actually really enjoyed this. Being a mobile port it's not as good as Human Revolution: It's reduced and simplified in a lot of areas. Inventory management is gone and replaced with a strange in-game shop-inventory hybrid and many gameplay mechanics have been altered to try and remove elements of physics from them: Dead bodies disappear instead of the player having to hide them; objects like crates can not be picked up, instead they slide out of the way when interacted with, behaving like doors (special doors that require the heavy lifting); jumping has been removed and replaced with a vaulting-over-cover-system (which in my experience was the most buggy feature of the game).The interface and controls bear the mark of the mobile platform in many places but it has largely been converted to work fluidly with a keyboard and mouse. The F1-F4 keys still activate augmentations, the number keys can still be assigned to hotkey inventory items (and augs as well actually), G still quickthrows grenades, etc. All that is obviously missing is (as said already) the jump button and the ability to aim down the sites (which makes the process of firing a scoped weapon a strange one and stands out as the one big issue of the controls for me). Menus are easily navigated with the mouse and all ""click and drag"" elements from the mobile UI are easily navigated with the mousewheel. Even things like the ability to use keypads with the numpad and backspace key are intact in this game. The controls are unfortunately not rebindable though, which is a shame, though I don't think I would have changed any of them if I had the option.Controls are not as fluid as Human Revolution though after half an hour I can safely say I stopped really noticing any initial clunkiness and found the game quite mechanically enjoyable. I played mostly stealth but the few firefights I engaged in were quite fun even if, again, a bit clumsier than Human Revolution in both player control and enemy AI.As for the story: It provides more conspiracies and betrayals as you would expect from a Deus Ex game. It's fairly typical of the series though with some rather over-exposition-y dialogue in many parts. This is also intended to be an episodic title and so this is only part of a storyline (a storyline that actually started in the Icarus Effect novel) so don't expect a conclusion here. Quite the opposite: it ends on a cliffhanger.In almost all instances this game is basically Human Revolution in miniature with reduced functionality. It's quite sort too: It basically has the content of one hub area from Human Revolution and a similar length. How long it takes you to get through it will depend hugely on your playstyle but if you go straight from objective to objective shooting your way through you could easily finish it in one sitting. It's intended to be an episode game so hopefully more levels will be forthcoming."
76561197968310047,Recommended,258180,25067160,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Rusty Sasquatch,"This game owns!:Voice acting owns!The first deusex was p disappointing imo luckily dx2 was reaally good and owned!  The new one with the guy from Far Cry: primal was kinda meh, especially after dx2.  This game brings the series back on track with levels that are as big or bigger thansome of dx2!Verdict: Must buy for fan of deus ex, especially dx2!  It owns!"
76561197962064008,Recommended,258180,13072973,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,spyke,People are too critical of this game. It's a slice of Human Revolution. Good enough.
,Recommended,258180,9594638,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,ZelosZalis,"I'd first off like to start by saying this game BARELY made it into my recommended side of things, but anyway onto the review.Deus Ex the Fall was a phone game that DX fans whined and clamored to be on PC, and Square Enix granted their wish. The Fall is very ambitious for a phone game, boasting voice acting, decently sized areas and ok graphics on a phone. When ported the graphics didn't get upgraded much at all but to me this is fine as I've never been one to be a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ and even consider most modern graphics more than we need these days in leu of putting the funding more towards gameplay and features. The area will of course feel small for a PC gamer but this reminds me a lot of Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker when it got ported from PSP to consoles, the areas are about equal in size. Voice acting at times gets very cheesy.As far as gameplay goes, its very solid Deus Ex HR gameplay which is a good 95% what saves this game. All Human Revolution features are there and it has a solid system that lets one play stealth or action. Hacking apparently got on some peoples nerves in HR because they added a new item called an auto hacker, also present in HR Director's Cut, this will automatically succeed on any hack you perform though you still need a high enough hack level to initiate the hack on any given terminal. While I didn't use them myself its nice to see more options for people who really didn't care hacking to still be allowed to have fun. Take downs still feel good in this game but now the bodies just disintegrate instead of being require to stash them, which for stealth fans like me is a little lame but not enough to really be up in arms about. Even in a tiny mobile title like this they attempted to have several nooks and crannies for one to explore giving that feeling of exploration that any DX game needs to be successful.Now onto some of the major problems which pretty much all come down to ""porting woes"". Many people have reported problems with the game most I have not personally experienced but I did run into one or two.  The Hacking UI scrolling and mouse sensitivity do not work unless one enables vsync, which for many doing so makes the game run very sluggish, I was one of the few that didn't have the entire game crap out on me doing this but even I noticed a performance hit once it was on and it would get worse over extended playing periods. I also had extended playing periods due to the fact I didn't want to have a currently existing save bug that occurs near the end of the game where it'll load you up into a non-interactible world every single time, and due to the game having a single save file (another flaw with the game) will force one to format and start the game over. My last complaint but one I should have foreseen was the fact the game ends on a ""To be continued"" making it episodic, I've always had things against episodic games, its splitting a game up needlessly in an attempt to make more money. Now The fall offers more gameplay at $9 than Missing Link did at its launch price of $15, most didn't get Missing until it went on sale, and that is exactly what I recommend with The Fall, its a fun game by all rights, but its problems do not warrant a full price purchase."
76561198000146392,Recommended,258180,25561629,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Singularity,good game
,Recommended,258180,9609692,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,the CHINlord,"Deus EX: HR is one of my favorite games of all time, therefore, The Fall is a pretty damn fun game with some of the same elements. But yes it's a mobile port so the graphics are super-dated and the combat is..well...dumbed down..(dat muzzle flash).I preordered this and it came with Deus EX GOTY, but w/o the bonus is still worth it because the the game is fun.This game is essentially Deus Ex: HR Lite, which is a good thing4-5 hours, if you can live with a mobile game you should definitely get this!"
76561198038785358,Not Recommended,258180,9542626,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Bio Hazard,ABSOLUTLY AWFUL... This is a moble phone game not a computer game.
76561198002170563,Recommended,258180,26686431,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Nicolette DuClare,"Worth the money, if on sale"
,Recommended,258180,9554082,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Chris Were,"Not too bad for a mobile port if you can get past the poor weapons, bad mouse acceleration and a few bugs.My full review can be found here:http://youtube.com/watch?v=LLmLIdWpLc4"
,Recommended,258180,9585659,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,panther,"well, it is iOS/Android port for PC. Buggy port. very buggy. but still the story is good. it is worth to play but i dont think that i will replay it again. too buggy."
,Recommended,258180,9587566,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,SILPH,"I don't know if I'm the only one but I actually liked this, it's quite nice for a $10 mobile game port. I only had a stutter issue but vsync solved it. Graphics made me feel like playing the original Deus Ex or VtM: Bloodlines, which were my all-times-favorites. Anyway, I don't know what ppl expect from a phone game :D"
76561198046975213,Recommended,258180,9576313,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Haruhi,FANTASTIC example of a port from iOS and Android to PC.  The visuals aren't anything to brag about or anything but they did a very good job porting a game that should have been on PC in the first place.
76561198027890427,Recommended,258180,9576599,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,G1N-HK,"I'm only a few hours into the game but so far it certainly live up to my expectations. I never thought it would be the same quality level as Human Revolution, but a mobile port with lower graph and maybe some gameplay changes. I enjoy it because it remindes me of DE:HR and mostly for the story. If you want a new DE:HR like game: wait for ne next AAA titel. If you know what you are going to buy, DE:The Fall won't be a disappointment."
,Recommended,258180,9576943,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Louis Cyphre,"Though the port is poorly made, i think that Deus Ex: The Fall is an enjoyable experience that offers the right amount of fun, customization and lenght (after all it was a Mobile Game). I pretty much layed it in one single session (just a pause for dinner) and i like it. I'll wait eagerly for part 2.If i were to give the game a score, it would be a 7/10."
,Recommended,258180,9576686,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Keydet96,"First up, don't be completely turned off by the negative reviews. Yes this is a port of a mobile game, so it's been stripped down a fair bit. Lower resolution textures, some awful character animations during conversations, simplified interface, etc. It does manage to stay true to the overall feel of the superb Deus Ex: Human Revolution. Every once in a while the artwork makes up for the lower resolutions though.  It's pretty short, again probably a concession to the fact that mobile devices have very limited system resources.  The levels are smaller and while every area has at least two routes through, it's not nearly the sandbox of the other game. If you've read the tie-in book, Deus Ex: Icarus Effect you'll recognize the main characters in this story. I recommend the book. Once you accept the technical limitations of a mobile port it's actually a decent continuation of the story that lets you explore the world of Deus Ex and all the conspiracies. Is it a great game? No. But it isn't nearly as bad as people are saying either. I would recommend waiting for the next price drop during a steam sale, just because the shortness doesn't really seem to justify spending a full $10 on it."
,Recommended,258180,9582958,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,豆.豆,"The game is a bit buggy. Often you can't hear dialog when they talk, and even more often, the dialog only appears for less than a second and you can't read what was said. Sounds are a huge issue with this game. The game was as fun as the others, but the bugs made it rather un-fun, personally. Wouldn't have paid more than the 10 dollar price tag."
76561197973388107,Recommended,258180,9581596,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Fss_0f_Death,"This game should have a big label saying: ""PORT OF A MOBILE GAME""....with the $9.99 price tag I guess I should have expected it.Once the shock of that realisation is gone, it's a pretty good game. Close enough to the original experience albeit with lower quality graphics. The story, voice acting and feel of the game is on par with Human Revolution and Missing link.  Controls are....okay.However there is for now a big problem, this game is buggy as hell. Feels beta to me. Sudden changes of direction and audio clipping are common. The menus are annoying as well, it seems that the buttons are bigger then they actually should be, and the actual detection area never seem to be at the same spot on buttons. Some are easy to click some damn near impossible.TL;DR : Good game, dragged down by iPad graphics and a swirling inferno of bugs. If all the bugs were removed it would be a solid game even as a port from a mobile game."
,Not Recommended,258180,9559977,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Snuffypot11,"Not worth 10 cents let alone $10, dont bother waisting your money, time or bandwidth."
76561197965839609,Recommended,258180,9575718,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,h2hjastermereel,Enjoyed the game. Good story and fun Deus Ex sneaky fun!
76561198035373358,Recommended,258180,9558598,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,SciSan,I never asked for this.
,Recommended,258180,9568079,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,StingingVelvet,"Basically a mini-chunk of Deus Ex. If you love the series, and Human Revolution in particular, you will probably want to play it. It's amazing how much of a full Deus Ex experience it is despite being from a mobile platform originally. Town hub, sneaking and shooting, finding hidden items, upgrading your cybernetics, talking people into things, etc. It's all here.That said if you're not super into the series, or if you're very sensitive to ports, you might hate this. It's obviously a tablet game ported to PC, and it plays like it. Menus are weird, there are little cut corners here and there like no jumping and some missing powers, and the whole thing just feels like a reduced version of Human Revolution. It's probably on par with Invisible War in the size of levels, but shorter.How much you want this depends on how much you crave Deus Ex. It's not a full-fledged PC game, but it is close to a full-fledged Deus Game. Judge your time and dollars accordingly."
76561198072201200,Recommended,258180,9569222,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Herperty,"I was expecting way more of this game than I'm ready to admit.I bought it because, hey, it's an DX game and it comes with Deus Ex GOTYE, but upon playing, everything felt really really compressed. I understand it comes from a mobile plaform, but there isn't quite the same punch walking through hubs as it had in both Deus Ex and Deus Ex: HR, the maps are too small and there are frequent load screens where there could be more seamless gameplay. The gameplay (as in, combat and sneaking) is buggy as hell too - I really miss the tension of having to hide an unconscious body before an incoming guard could spot it.However, the lore found in PDAs, emails, ebooks and TV reports is fantastic - There's even space for strong references to characters such as Gunther Hermann and Bob Page, as well small mentions about the Sarif Industries attack and other events. Being part of the tyrants (albeit for a small part of the game) also makes for an interesting experience, and Namir remains a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game.Worth a shot if you're a Deus Ex fan. Skip it if you aren't familiarized with the series and buy Deus Ex: Human Revolution as an introduction."
,Recommended,258180,9566100,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,🍕 ᴢᴀᴄʜᴡᴀᴠᴇ♬,"I only recommend this to the most lore die-hard of fans. Yes, it's a phone game and there are terrible textures and poor mechanics, but I felt a blinding nostalgia for the story and honestly had fun that also brought up a second wind to play the original. Is it worth ten dollars for a cliff hanger? Maybe, maybe not. But I've eaten terrible subway sandwiches that costed more, and those lasted less than my experience. I put in four hours and I really enjoyed the setting and characters, albeit everything was small. There are definitely going to be people who will boycott it, because it's not a sequel to Human Revolution or a perfect homage to the original, but considering how garbage Thief is, and the lack of cyberpunk games to look forward to, I'd say buy it on sale.Buy it on sale.edit: all of those buttblasted babies downvoting a review, lmao."
,Recommended,258180,9574354,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,vasyan,"Despite having low-poly world (but still cool enough), this game is great. Yeah, maybe 2-3 hrs might not be enough, but I'm looking forward to updates, hope Eidos continue making this game, the story itself intrigues as much as it can. The only bug I experienced is sound bug, fixed in two clicks. 7,5/10"
,Recommended,258180,9574179,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,SkyNET97,"While the game has its bugs, and ends rather abrubtly, i recomend for any deus ex fan to play it, all the negative reviews of people whining about ""wanting refunds"" or ""never preorder again"" are shameful. confident to see a patch soon, and continue playing. going into it i expected it to be a lesser game than Deus Ex HR, i expected bugs, control issues, video issues, as thats how pc gaming works. there are so many different configurations of pc hardware and software, not every bug will be caught.any true fan would be happy to have another story to play, another character to augment.I recommend this game, bugs and all. (Which will be patched)"
,Recommended,258180,9541295,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Deadlyruin45,"Looking at the negative reviews I'm seeing from people about this port, I felt it was fair for me to provide my opinion of the game.It's a port, so the lack of graphic detail is understandable, I'm a console gamer, so graphics don't bother me at all. What most concerns me is the gameplay and if the story is great. As of right now, the story seems to be pretty good, and the gameplay could use some work, but it's far from terrible. What people seem to be doing is comparing Deus Ex: HR to this game, which I don't find quite fair considering that game was designed for mobile gaming.I enjoy Deus Ex series for it's story, and it hasn't failed me so far. I say give this game a shot if you're a fan of Deus Ex."
,Recommended,258180,9554065,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Forcecaster,"This game is a difficult case, a mobile game ported to the PC. Actually everything that can have bugs they all have them in this game. Sometimes... actually many times the sounds are missing, sometimes when you are doing takedowns close to walls the texture are disappearing and the controls are sometimes frustrating. With a controller my biggest concerne is the hacking, I find it way too difficult to lock on the nodes, which is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when you have to hurry. The mouse aiming sometimes forgets common sense and makes a whole circle or I don't even know what that actually was. As a mobile port the layout is ""interesting"" and they could have make it better.But the story is recommended for any Deus Ex fans. It's a nice touch to see the world from a different perspective, to see what happened while Adam Jensen was fighting his war. Sometimes the plot fails to have any strict logic - specially at the end - but it is an enjoyable expansion. If you handle this game with a healthy expectation it can be a nice detour from the main game, but if you want a flawless experience, then place look elsewhere."
,Recommended,258180,9568979,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Azer Draco,"Recomendation: Yes, with reservations.First, this is NOT anything like the gameplay of DX:HR.  DO NOT get this game thinking that it will be anything like DX:HR.  Most of the negative reviews I have read for this seem to not be able to understand that this is a direct port from tablet to PC.Because this is a port, there are a few pieces that are missing that most PC gamers have gotten used to.  There is no manageable inventory.  Instead, you have a ""Store"" screen where you can purchase weapons, mods, ammo, and other items at any time.  Immersion breaking, yes, but it fits with the ""merc style"" storyline that the devs have gone with.  Having to find a ""dropspot"" for those items might have been more immersive, but would have upset some players who don't like ""micromanagement""...A few of the downfalls of The Fall:This is easily described as a ""Lite"" version of DX:HR.The controls are pre-determined and cannot be changed.There are some audio and graphical bugs. (My crosshair disappeared in a New Game+)The buttons are ""touchy"". (They work on the first click about 60% of the time)Conversation choices are ""double tap"". (Select first, then confirm.  Suffers from above)AI is predictable and almost oblivious.  (Some enemies seem to see you through cover, however.""Heavy"" NPCs don't drop heavy weapons (yet).Hacking is decent, but there is no feedback on detection chances.The Augmentations are much the same as HR, but the system is much less open.  It's mostly a simplified HR scheme, but there are some real differences, mostly in what augs you start out with.The inventory is EXTREMELY simplified.  You buy individual weapons (or find them in the world).  You then ""Equip"" them into quickslots, and you can use them in the world.  From what I've seen, this means that you are carrying the entire arsenal in your pocket at all times, as long as you have the weapon available (bought or found).  Bundles are decent, but not really worthwhile once you actually get the weapon in the pack.  Everything you buy is immediately available in game, so there is no ""shipping delay"".  Buy ammo as you need it, rather than stocking up.And now the highlights of The Fall:A ""Behind the Scenes"" glimpse of the mercs you fought in DX:HR. (Barret Achievement ;D)Nice foreshadowing of both DX:HR and DX from in game texts. (One Tyrant wants a Skul-gun)The UI and controls make using health and energy boosts much easier than in DX:HR, especially while in the middle of the action. (Try doing multiple takedowns while cloaked.)Enemies ""evaporate"", eliminating the need to hide evidence of your actions.There is an interesting ""Reset Story Progress"" feature.  It resets you to the beginning of the game, except you keep anything unlocked in the store (supposedly).  Does delete the savegame, so turntable is reset, possibly achievements as well.  Use if you want to start from ""Factory Zero"".There is a ""New Game+"" feature which unlocks at the end of the current content (Panama).  You keep all your Augs and Inventory, and the story starts over from the beginning.This is a nice ""easy access"" DX title, especially if you are a DX lore lover.  The title boasts ""The story will continue"", so this could be a very interesting story if the devs keep on it.  It'd be really funny if this game is directly connected to DX:HR through Quinn. (Missing Link)To summarize, buy this game if you are a DX fan and like the storylines.  The controls take a little getting used to, but overall it's a decent buy even at $10 USD.  A little polish by the dev team, as well as advancing the storyline, and this little gem will shine."
,Recommended,258180,9566427,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Moldavia,While it has its quirks it is still a good game in th series.  The complaints are mostly due to it being a mobile port and what people want would not be a port but a re-do of the game entirely.  Adding basic keyboard commands in simplistic forms was fine and I never once had a single issue with the layout provided by the game.  Sure some of the buttons were a little odd but nothing game breaking or prevents you from playing.  My only complaint in the whole game was the fact it is not mentioned on the store front page that this is in fact not a whole game but a series.  Whether additional parts will be DLC charged based or free is another matter altogether.
,Recommended,258180,9542853,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Superninjamofo,"Graphics low quality and quick loading screens, and no where near as good game mechanics as deus ex: human revolution... but well worth the $10, i like it"
,Recommended,258180,9543746,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Dibzahab,"The Fall is more Deus Ex.  It offers a few innovations, like freedom from the archaic old inventory system, but by and large all the other frustrations remain.  Controls are still a bit wonky: as an example, in some places you use the right stick to scroll text, in some places you use the left stick, and in some places you must use the d-pad.  And for some reason, it's not possible to jump at all in this game.   The modest asking price does however mostly succeed in excusing the game's flaws, especially since most of the problems existed in the last game.  I haven't played enough yet to speak on the length of the game, but it's pretty safe to say that anyone who enjoyed the old game will enjoy this standalone expansion."
,Recommended,258180,9541836,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Swarls,"Interesting game to say the least... I've loved the Deus Ex series from the begining but this game has some issues. I think the demand for the PC version of this game was probably too good of a opportunity for Eidos and thus they rushed to get the game out. I've enjoyed it so far (apart from the glitches like not being able to move randomly at different parts of the game and in some cases having to replay a whole section to sort out the problem).For anyone who is interested in the game but unsure whether to buy it, check out this Let's Play:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_Bu7_Yujew"
,Recommended,258180,9556298,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,BRAZY,"I recommend this game only for people that really enjoyed Deus Ex: Human Revolution and want more of that type of gameplay.The game is short, but the core Human Revolution gameplay is still there. The maps are pretty well designed, and most of the graphics are good. Some textures are very low quality though, but on the flipside the game will run on most computers.The story is pretty compelling, and is at least as interesting as Human Revolution's. However, the game ends on a GIGANTIC cliffhanger, and there's no sequel currently planned.All in all, a solid buy for $7.50 or less if you want more Human Revolution. I do not regret picking this up."
,Recommended,258180,9543541,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Bdous,"For it's price the game is great.Good story,nice gameplay(the gameplay is similar to Deux Ex:Human Revolution).The only thing i did not like was the NPC's faces were not as good looking."
76561198024593760,Recommended,258180,9554573,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,The Wolfinator,the only thing i don't like is that you can not change the key board contollers that all
,Recommended,258180,9556465,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,ShoryukenX,"Not bad, a bit stiff, and lousy not being able to jump, and if you can get over horrifying gunplay (try some headshots) it's honestly not that bad. It certainly lacks the flair of GPU hogging fps's of today, but it's enjoyable. If you've got an old gaming rig, it's nice to see something that runs decent on your hardware. I pre-ordered so I got it for $7.99, so I don't feel ripped off. It's a new game, for $10. It's worth.... $10."
,Recommended,258180,9556744,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,KimiF17954,"I'm only just recommending this game so far.The graphics are rather appauling for a Square Enix related title, and are no way near on par with Human Revolution.No longer are the old TAB and ESC menu's separate but now all under ESC and split into separate menu's, one of these includes an endless shop so as long as you have the money you can buy something anything anywhere. This for me takes away the thought of should I use my energy bar now or save for later. I had to toggle the cover system to get it to how i liked, and i find that it's hard to access your inventory items that are not quick key bound. The AI is so unlike HR and doesn't make me fear for my life like HR did it's so easy to kill them and take so little damage. I did once snipe a guard right in the path of another and he didn't even blink. Bodies also dissapear once killed or knocked uncouncious.The one thing at the moment that is going for it is the story which is currently split into parts. The game is a prequal to HR as it involves the main group (The Tyrants) led by Jaron Namir. You start off as part of his terrorist organisation and then go freelance. The world is running out of Neuropozyne and a replacement is needed for your character and his accomplace.I'd say only get this game if it's on the cheap and you're interested in the HR prequal."
,Recommended,258180,9570917,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,HoboG,"All the other reviews here don't recommend the game for gameplay/UI and voice-acting reasons.  I was just in for the story, and I was quite satisfied.  I am looking forward to the follow-up story, and maybe improvements to current game mechanics.  Still, because I was just playing for the story, this game might as well have been a book or movie."
76561197987222917,Recommended,258180,9540898,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Jehuty,"Being a mobile port, it does suffer from some lower resolution textures and graphics that seem limited compared to most PC releases, and the controls do seem janky when compared to its older brother, DH:HR. But at its core remains a DX game - the exploration, interaction and involving, twisting plotlines remain. The book this title stems from, ""Icarus Effect"", lent depth to some parts of DH:HR that went unexplored and unexplained. This title, and its subsequent episodes, will further explore these things. I'm looking forward to seeing how this series plays out, and I am willing to overlook its few technical flaws to enjoy going deeper into the world."
76561197973247249,Recommended,258180,9572074,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Alan,Waste of $9.99. Ported tablet game to PC means you will have a bad time. Only worth it because the original Deus Ex:GOTY was included. Don't waste your money.
,Recommended,258180,9554314,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,sholmes169,as the game stands now it is a buggy mess sound cutting out within random scenes and the music overiding voice and sound effects. although all of that i am excited once those bits get fixed to play it as the book that the charachter was taken from was really good. i am hoping that the story is as good as human revolution. i will wait to play more of it till some patches have been put up. what i played was good apart from the pad support doesn't really work either though playing on mouse and keyboard works.
76561197968209133,Recommended,258180,9557396,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Conan,"While not perfect, this is still very much a solid Deus Ex experience.Yes, the keys are not rebindable, and that may be a problem for some people. I personally didn't have any issue adapting as it's largely WASD centric and the mouse implementation is good.The ""neverending help prompts"" that some reviewers mention only last through the pre-credits tutorial mission; that may tell you how long they played before forming an opinion. I have not encountered any since that point, and I'm over 5 hours in now. Remember, DXHR also has a lengthy pre-title linear tutorial.Actual gameplay is very similar to DXHR, and the game largely recaptures the atmosphere of its predecessor. There are some notable changes due to its mobile origin, namely the lack of a jump button and the fact that bodies disappear after a few moments. While obviously not ideal, I didn't find either of these significantly took away from the experience, at least so far.I'd definitely recommend this to anyone looking for more Deus Ex.Update:I've now completed the game, and I stand by the review - it took about 7 hours to complete, and that was doing a pacifist run. I didn't experience any major technical glitches during that time, and again, the game really does feel like DXHR once it gets going. Sans the annoying boss fights, so...yeah."
76561197986480861,Recommended,258180,9560648,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,medion_no,"The game is a mobile port but it retains the same atmosphere and attention to detail of Human Revolution. Doest come here expecting a triple AAA game but an IOS addaptation pretty rought around the edges and youll be happy. The story is on par with the main game but unfortunately ends in a cliffhanger. They should remake the graphics to look more HR-alike but well,  its ten bucks anyway."
76561198039474183,Recommended,258180,9562900,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,g.w.bone,Game Pad option doesn't work
,Recommended,258180,9563752,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Lagwolf,"Some of the criticism of this game has been OTT & ludicrous. It is a decent PC port of a mobile game (that was awful) that costs $10. I am enjoying it so far warts and all. Possibly helps I had low expectations, but wanted to be back in the DX world. There has already been an update that hopefully sorts out a few of the “issues”.Warts and all I have having more fun in this $10 game than I did the the bloody $60 meh-fest that was/is Thief."
76561197970411704,Recommended,258180,9542689,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,david.clow1,I played it for an hour and a part from a few bugs and bad graphics it a good game just need to be changed to match the previous game of Deus Ex: Human Revolution.By the way this is a iOS port from the ipad/iphone.
,Recommended,258180,9570038,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Gloop,"It's a horrible port from a great mobile game.  If you wanted to play that (or replay it) on your PC with gamepad support and no IAP's this time, then it's the way to go.  You'll constantly be aware it's a game made for mobile and not PC, but it's more Deus Ex at a budget price so, in my opinion, you can't complain that much."
,Recommended,258180,9543852,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Scarletwing,"As I am a big fan of Deus Ex, I purchased immediately when this game came out on Apple store.And finished it three times.I have to admit this game is not as satisfy as Human Revolution in game play, graphic and difficulty.But this is still a decent game. As a fan of it, I am quite enjoying it.I am very happy that this Steam/PC version they take out the in-game microtransactions."
76561198040125452,Recommended,258180,9539417,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,NathanSYK,Good to see the amazing game that was for iOS and experience the PC version which only makes it better! Definetly reccommneded and so good that were doing a walkthrough/review on our channel - BlankNamedGamers
76561198052728670,Not Recommended,258180,18879139,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,trueironbar,The controle flaws make this game unplayable
76561198008144708,Not Recommended,258180,18922827,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Tom,"This game is embarassing.  While I'm was enjoying the story the game is just clunky and broken and I'll give up.For example: I cannot hack some locks, not because they're too hard but because I cannot scroll the view range over the whole hack problem."
,Recommended,258180,18702168,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,T^_^M | Godlike,Very Good
,Not Recommended,258180,18954248,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,[On|E] Mouse,"This feels like Human Revolution running on Invisible War's engine.Everything looks like it could be a DLC of HR, except for the character models. The interface and HUD are not the same, but similar enough that it's easy to catch on.The problem is the mechanics behind the visuals. NPCs and interactable objects will make it difficult to pick up items in the world, interacting with objects is also a challenge, as the on-screen prompts seem to be touchy.Then you've got weird graphical issues like take-down animations clipping through the scenery. It feels like a janky version of Human Revolution.The 'turntable' feature also confuses me. Is being able to painstakingly turn and zoom in on character models that great of a reward for an item hunt within the game?I'll probably finish it for the story, but I'm not going to replay it.Buy this if it's on sale, but otherwise you might want to give it a pass."
,Not Recommended,258180,19334393,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Bænlynn,"Couldn't even get to the main menu. Game hangs while ""downloading assets"". Developer's site only lists troubleshooting for iOS version. No listed/reliable fix and/or workaround. Completely unacceptable. Do not buy."
,Recommended,258180,18480151,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Lord Psymon,I always wanted to play Crappy Mobile Game Simulator. I was definitely not disapointed. I felt like I was REALLY playing on a mobile device!
,Not Recommended,258180,19256777,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Bungle,3D world. No Jumping... at all.Enough said.
76561198069018161,Recommended,258180,19558022,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ajkey04,"This is a difficult one to review especailly with all the negative reviews out there. But overall I do recommend this game, barely because I enjoyed the game and had fun. It's a cutdown version, a port from mobile device, so you can't expect the same as a PC. From that aspect, the game is actually pretty good. It's no Human Revolution, but it's still pretty good for what it is.BUT...I'm told it is short, perhaps 6 hours as part one of a series, but it crashed bigtime after 4 hours of play and I have been unable to play since then.I tend not to play games more than once, so can't be bothered playing again for another couple of hours of gameplay. If it wasn't for the crash I would have given it a higher score.6/10"
76561198060807434,Recommended,258180,19312625,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,dave.middlebrook,It's fine. Just different controls from Human Evolution. That's all.
,Recommended,258180,17583277,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Blackbird,"Mediocre game, but definitely not as bad as everyone says. It's basically mobile version of HR so graphics-wise it's not as pretty and physics are really simple.Where the game fallsshortis that they were counting on releasing sequel thus the game has no real ending. Only a cliffhanger that will probably never be resolved.Definitely wouldn't pay full price for that fact alone."
76561198001422889,Not Recommended,258180,10205863,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Alex0000,"dont waste your money, one of the few games i have brought i wish i hadnt..."
,Recommended,258180,10206900,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Tr3b0r,"This started life as a spin-off iOS game.It's not bad, actually. Average, but not bad. Pick it up cheap."
,Recommended,258180,10258619,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,azemaine,"Dont waste your money on this. I dont understand what the hell people people who made this were thinking. Im a huge fan of original deus ex game and i bought this as soon as I saw it expecting it to be same as original game but other missions and was mistaken. Considering this came after Deus ex i would expect updated grpaics and stuff but its graphics are primitive and ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Even some of the things you could do in the old game cant be done (like moving objects, jumping and there could be others but i cant think of them right now) and also menu and user inteface is also crappy and not intuitve at all. So in one simple sentecnce this game is the most terrible purchase I made on steam"
76561197999301272,Not Recommended,258180,10234789,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,jasse,"Honestly, it was as bad as the reviews made believe. Though of course reading them meant my expectations were not high to begin with. Less RPG than Human Revolution, but pretty enjoyable in a straigh forward way. But the game rides on the Deus Ex brand and doesn't really fit there, so no recommendation. Also, took about 7 hours to run through, so 9,99 is a bit steep."
,Not Recommended,258180,10237712,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,mdwyer,"It's got frustratingly bad keyboard controls, and the quality of the game is so much lower than its parent game. It turns out that this was a mobile game that got ported back to PC, though. This goes a long way towards explaining the weaknesses of it. Consider it a weakened version of Deus Ex: Human Revolution, and you've got a pretty good idea of what it is.It has two things that save it: first is that it is cheap! It's comfortably under the $10 mark. Secondly, it delves into more of the DE mythology -- especially that from the novel. I'm a sucker for a prequel, I guess.If it isn't cheap, and you didn't like the parent game, then you would probably be better staying away."
,Not Recommended,258180,10237774,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Daedious,"I love the Deus Ex series. The first game I ever bought as the original Deus Ex. Played it back to back over 60 times. I loved all the sequals/prequals as well. However, this isnt Deus Ex. This is a poor attempt to capitalize on the name. Its not horrible but its not Deus Ex. Look at it as a side game."
,Not Recommended,258180,10348179,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,ThaFacialHair,"I should have taken everyones advice and not bought it, an absolute waste of ten dollars. Please heed my warning and do not purchase. The game is not even woth struggling through if it were free."
76561198018525778,Not Recommended,258180,10213106,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,philthy,"Game feels a little tinny with controls, story seemed awfully short. may change my mind if they add more content."
,Not Recommended,258180,10374966,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Cat Jezus,"If you want a decent Deus Ex game, go play the original. Even though it's almost 15 years old, it isn't programmed nearly as terribly as The Fall. And with a couple texture packs installed, it will even look a thousand times better than this tablet port."
76561197975371634,Not Recommended,258180,9661670,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Daedrox,This made me speechless. Shamefull display.
76561197972259911,Not Recommended,258180,9664572,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,cabal2600,"Deus Ex The fall is unplayable game,The primary reason thats when in game menu there is error <StringID:1,942> furter than that game is unplayable and there is impossible to enter even game options...From my understanding there is fatal error or ingame programming itself.....Donot buy this game science its unplayable just like crysis 3,seems not just crytec design bogus games but square enix as well game thats cannot be played..."
76561198023449606,Not Recommended,258180,9667034,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Ouroboros85,"Small levels more reminicent of Deus Ex 2, a proliferation of ventilation ducts whenever they want to give you the option to avoid a fight (or simply a locked door) and somehow making the models and scenery seem lower resolution than HR to which it presumes to be a prequle. Sometimes it seems like just going from one room to another demands a loading screen additionally and the quest itself and side quests present litte variety.They have removed jumping or being able to toggle your aim and along with the previously mentioned complaints it gives the feeling of being dumbed down for console, though I have to ask, what console? I'd expect this level from later PS2 games and not current gen systems. Perhaps the only thing I liked, and perhaps thats just a matter of personal taste, is the change in the inventory system, even if being able to just 'buy' more ammo in the middle of a fight isn't at all necissary and breaks whatever suspension of disbelief one might of accumulated.Perhaps the most galling thing is it seems they have moved to a episodal format so I am looking forwards to another $15 'addon' in a few months time to let you actually finnish the campaign (or more likely just get to another cliffhanger)"
,Not Recommended,258180,9815919,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Lloyd Clive,If you liked Invisible War Then youll love this
,Not Recommended,258180,9651251,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Christopher,"I want to really love it, but I just can't.The plot seems decent, but that alone does not redeem itself. The cover system, stealth system, and shooting system are all pretty much rubbish. I'm re-installing the original Deus ex as we speak."
,Not Recommended,258180,9579792,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Mo43,"Simply bad , glichy , dull , AI is close to nonexistant , feels and plays like 10+ years old garbage."
,Not Recommended,258180,9579822,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,pad,"Though the graphics are true to the spirit of Deus Ex, the gameplay is not. Further, the designed-for-console interface is cumbersome and awkward, greatly diminishing the overall experience."
76561197998574977,Not Recommended,258180,9580578,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Red War Machine,"The voice acting, graphics, controls and inventory management are lacking, but it's a mobile port. They still should have touched it up; I can look past that, though. Problem is, that the game isfundamentally broken: music over rides all other sound at times and the controls, which aren't particularly responsive, often give out completely."
76561197971583463,Not Recommended,258180,9581182,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Ppj,"Just played it for a couple of minutes on an azerty keyboard. THEN read the reviews, my bad of course. I agree IT SUCKS. Buying this means giving away your money to charity, a non-deserving one. Thank you Steam for selling this thing, I wish you all the best with your money grabbing policy!!!! Kisses to your CEO, may IT stick both hands where the sun doesn't shine (and wash them afterwards of course!)."
76561197972909165,Not Recommended,258180,9581804,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Mike,It's a mobile port done badly. Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,258180,9582876,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Hellios,"This is NOT the Deus Ex you would expect. Yes, it is in the same universe, but the same game it is not.When you disable/kill someone, their corpses magically dissapear, controls are inferior and AI behavior is limited."
76561197971500894,Not Recommended,258180,9583112,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Blydd Drwg,This game is an embarassment. Don't touch it
76561198034808408,Not Recommended,258180,9583303,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,EXIT-MFD+Trick,This game sucks!!!  Characters that were killed in the last game are present in this game.  Weaps and item are not sellable for credits....I wish I wouldn't have wasted the ten bucks......Definitely dont buy unless u are 6 and haven't played the other titles.
76561197970642545,Not Recommended,258180,9583632,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Lupus,"Like a cheap chinease copy.Washed out graphics, unresponsive buttons, tutorial that will make you want to smash the screen with its domination, lazy acting, heck even the Steam achievement &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off Barrett"" is WRONG, it's supposed to be Namir.It comes acroos as a 2 man mod that was bought and released without Quality Control.I read the book that this game's beginning was based on...the original creators could have pushed out a great game with that content, not some cheap knockoff that uses the Deus Ex name to hook punters.AVOID. BOYCOTT."
76561197966593375,Not Recommended,258180,9583821,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Mr_Twinky,"I bought this with out looking a single screenshot because I loved Deus Ex Human RevolutionHadn't a clue about ""The Fall""If knew it was a port from a Mobile version I may have waiting till it dropped in price because £7.99 is not worth it even though it comes with Deus Ex 1 your still paying for itThe Fall is not worth the price difference between the So called free gameAs other reviews have said it's buggy left right and centre. Had issues using the gamepad on first load. Tuturial messages spoke of Keybord and Mouse Controls till I restarted the game then It worked giving the correct messagse for the Controller.I will play through it sometime to get the story. But it'll not clock nearly 350hours of gameplay like Deus Ex Human Revolation, The Missing Link, And Directors Cut alone, Like the other versions I own.Not Proof Reading my own Message. so sorry lol"
76561197998333504,Not Recommended,258180,9668799,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,nintendomasta811,"A disrespect to the original game and everything that made it great. Deus Ex is a great franchise, but this micro-entry doesn't even deserve a place in it.The game suffers from sloppy controls, poor production, and an overall disappointing level of commitment from Square Enix. It should have been left as a mobile game and never ported to PC.Fans of the series are definitely still awaiting a true sequel; save your money, because this definitely isn't it."
,Not Recommended,258180,9669098,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,stevy_beevy,Absolutely terrible.
76561198066038075,Not Recommended,258180,9669247,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,dr.col_cali89,"Way too buggy...can't believe Eidos actually had the gall to publish this ""game"". It's a sad disaster...waste of my $10. I may not buy anymore games from them for a long time."
76561198030748969,Not Recommended,258180,9672267,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Toast for Twenty,"First impression: This game shoudl not exist, it spoils the Dues Ex series with laziness and WAY to long dialogue scenes. You can't even skip it completey or pause, you can't edit the control scheme, and you CAN JUST BUY UPGRADES FROM THE PAUSE MENU. In a tight spot? Need a grenade but don't have one on you? NO PROBLEM! Just pause the game, buy one, and BAM. PLEASE niqqa wtf Square why not just suck the challenge and graphics right out the game."
76561198017670713,Not Recommended,258180,9672593,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,instant,"Wtf have they done to the franchise? DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT'S HOLY DO NOT BUY."
76561198045979570,Not Recommended,258180,10178151,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Mitzie,"don't let deus ex title fool you this game is crap, voice acting, controls, missions, menus, everything is just bad"
76561197989096687,Not Recommended,258180,10199982,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,zorkel,"Stay far far away from this game if you ask me.I really regret wasting money on this title.So far there is two reasons that makes me dislike this game vehemently.Reason one, the inability to customize my controls is a big big downer.I even got me an Xbox gamepad but still didn't save the game.Reason two, I got to the mandatory emp grenade purchase before I quit in disgust.The controls are confusing, and the tutorials didn't really make a good job telling mewhat actions did what. Not to mention the crude way you fire the gun, sorry thanks but no thanks.The feeling I get when I play is it's a rushed halfassed made game that could really have been good.I mean Deus Ex: HR was a good game which I like quite a lot. But this is a very pale and crappy madegame. Can't understand how Square Enix can release such garbage, Sleeping dogs and Deus Ex: HR iswell made games."
,Recommended,258180,10102924,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,IronHorizon95,A nice tie-in with Deus Ex: Human Revolution which expands on the Tyrants and gives the player a bit of an insight into how they work. Visuals are good and the controls and overall feel are virtually identical to those of Human Revolution. We're also introduced to two very relatable characters named Ben Saxon and Anna Kelso who both have their own pasts and difficulties. I cannot wait for part 2 whenever that comes out. A great game.
,Recommended,258180,10194189,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Keostyriaru,"Deus Ex: The Fall is a good follow up for Deus Ex fans considering it was originally released as a mobile game for tablets. It has been ported to PC to mixed reviews. I had a problem with mouse input but it was fixed within the settings. It faithfully gives you the Deus Ex experience and for fans of Icarus Effect will add more depths to the Saxon/Kelso story. While short for a PC game it is was again, originally released for mobile devices and wasn't priced as highly as many new releases are.3/5 Set back from the start being a mobile port, still plays well enough to earn a decent rating, the story tries to be interesting and the flow of the game never slows down. Don't expect a boss battle because there aren't any (Playing it safe?)"
76561198063389593,Not Recommended,258180,9659832,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Major_Petrov,"Terrible. I love Deus Ex, but this is an abomination to the series."
76561197986991105,Not Recommended,258180,9678521,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Dagoth Nick,"♥♥♥♥ing awful. Babbie's first doose ecks. I bought this because I was curious about the utter lack of fanfare surrounding its release, and was pleasantly surprised with a MASSIVE downgrade in graphics from Deus Ex, LINEAR level design, and TERRIBLE voice acting. Couldn't stomach to play it any more. Whoever made this should be fired."
76561198035996892,Not Recommended,258180,9679117,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,MARVINTHEANDROID,"If you know and love Deux Ex Human Revolution, you may think this game is for you. Wrong ! Please, please, please save your money. This is a serioulsy flawed port which - for example - does not allow keys to be remapped and will ignore most of the buttons on your fancy gaming mouse. This in my opinion makes it almost unplayable.Not that it is worth the effort, because unfortunately the storyline is dull and the action so badly compromised that it removes any enjoyment of actually playing the game. The fundamental design flaws are almost completely  concealed by the superficial design flaws - any effort taken to actually make the thing work goes completely unrewarded.Don't get me wrong, I love Square Enix games, I am a great fan of such titles as DXHR and Tomb Raider - which is why the disappointment I feel that they have produced this absolute pap is something akin to a personal insult.If Square Enix manage to sort this out - although personally I think it is a lost cause - I may take it all back. But I doubt it.(Note - this is a comment on playing on a PC - it's on Steam after all - not on a mobile device)"
,Not Recommended,258180,9679707,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,JOTARO KUJO,This is by far the worst game ever. I'd rather play that other deus ex game we're not supposed to remember.  There is nothing good about this game at all.-5/10 I want my money back
76561198038993535,Not Recommended,258180,9680577,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,ajsasinner,highly disappointed expecting it to be on par with original menu extremely frustrating pick up silencers and cant find them in your items but you can still equip it to your guns.personally i like to see what items i have the hold fire to see cross hair is annoying as soon as you release fire cross hairs drop i like to keep the cross hairs up to see what i hit its like they through it together to quick and just maid it low quality and not user friendly... now note i have only tried to play it for about an hour and got too annoyed with the game play i will try to play it again if game play gets better i will edit my review.at this time i would not recommend this game
,Not Recommended,258180,9585820,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Jalex,"So shockingly bad I can't even... avoid this game at all costs, just get the original for ♥♥♥♥s sake."
76561197988063063,Not Recommended,258180,9586137,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,richbauer,"Janky as hell. Doesn't play remotely close to the first two, totally disapointed."
,Not Recommended,258180,9586226,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Victini,"Hoo boy, this game. Where do I begin? I'm a very big fan of the Deus Ex franchise (as my name no doubt signals), so I was initially very excited when Eidos first teased this game. Unfortunately, the reveal crushed my dreams by unveiling it as a mobile-exclusive title. Ech. Understandably, I was very excited when I heard that the game was being ported to PC and being tweaked to fit a ""PC experience."" The excitement stopped about five minutes after booting the game. Let's go into detail, shall we?Pros+They got the voice actor for Bob Page back again. I love that evil sunnuva♥♥♥♥♥.Cons-The game looks absolutely terrible. I know this was originally a mobile game, but the term ""PC experience"" kinda implies that you're going to upgrade the game from looking like a PS2 game. I'm pretty sure JC Denton's viewmodel hands had more polys than Mr. Saxon's cube fingers. The Human Revolution asthetic helps a bit, though.-Speaking of which, the animations look like they're out of an N64 game. The characters move jerkily, and their facial animations consist of flapping their lips and half-blinking. Sure, they did the same thing in DE1, but there it didn't look nearly as creepy there because the characters weren't exactly high-detail.-The gameplay is terrible compared to the other games in the series. You thought Invisible War was dumbed down? IW feels like DE1 compared to this abortion. There is no such thing as running out of ammo, because you can always bring up the pause menu and buy some more. The devs also don't trust you with the right to jump, and will decide when it's appropriate to do so. The tutorial goes on for a good half an hour and forces you to participate, unlike the other games where it's optional.-The voice acting. Dear god, the voice acting. Deus Ex isn't exactly known for its high-calibur voice actors, but at least in the previous titles the actors put some semblance of effort into their performances. All of the characters in this, however, seem to be wooden and void of any emotion. Ben Saxon, the protagonist, has a voice which managed to get on my nerves almost immediately. The tutorial narrator only speaks in monotone, and drones on for extended periods without a way to shut her up. The enemy NPCs in Panama were so bad that I stopped playing.-The port job is terrible. Aside from the aformentioned graphical vomit, things such as a field of view slider and rebinding keys are absent. Prefer to have your shoot key bound to RMB because you're a lefty? Too bad! Have a non-QWERTY keyboard? Well, have fun playing the game piano-style!In closing, it seems like Deus Ex has a ""good game, bad game"" pattern going on. DE1 was good, IW was bad (comparatively). HR was good, this is an abomination. Hey, at least the next game will be good!3/10"
,Not Recommended,258180,9587093,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,patrink,"I decided to actually play through the entire game before just writing a review, trying to find anything that saves this game, but there really isn't anything that does. This game is not worth it any way you slice it. But, I'll try to judge it off it's merits.First off: The story is the strongest part of this game, but it is still weak compared to other deus ex games. Maybe there was something I missed, but the story to my knowledge just didn't feel like a true deus ex game. The worst part is, it ends in a cliff hanger until they release more DLC (which, if it isn't free DLC, it isn't worth it: see below)Second off:  The game isn't worth the asking price (especially if they're going to make you pay for the rest of the story). I played the game through, smooth operator style completing side quests (but I think I missed a hidden one) and it took me 7 hours to do. Given the (current) price of $9.99, that's about $1.42 per hour of gameplay. Deus Ex: Human Revolution and the Missing Link DLC, plays for about 40 hours with so many ways to go through it, that you'll want to do it again and again. I've played DX:HR 2 and a half times (non-steam), then bought the director's cut and played it all again. That's roughly 140 hours. At the current price of DX:HR director's cut (which includes the DLC) of $19.99, that's about $0.14/hour of gameplay. Even at its full release price of $59.99 and the DLC's full release price of $14.99, it is still worth about $0.50/hour of gameplay. So, even if you paid FULL PRICE for human revolution, you're still getting a better deal.Third off: There is no incentive to play the game over and over again. With a the rest of the story missing, and no multiple saves, and a game world which is almost painful to go through (loading screen mania and walking simulator)The nail in the coffin: The graphics and bugs. I understand this is a port from mobile devices. But come on guys, did this not go through Q/A? Did this game just get released in beta or what? If this was 1994, I would have rated this game a 10/10 game of the year. But it's not. It's 2014. And 20 years later, we expect better. What am I talking about? Here's a list of all the issues I've found so far that shouldn't be here (this is PC after all):Constant loading screensNo multiple savesHorribly low detailed texturesIncredibly low polygon modelsNo real graphical settingsTerrible animations (lip movement was the worst. I'd rather have their mouth not move compared to this)Awful inventory managementEmersion breaking ability to just buy everything anywhere you areAI is bad in general. They don't really bother looking for you. They'd rather hide.Awful shooting post processing effectAbsolutely awful voice acting (I can't even tell if it's synthetic or people purposely sounded robotic)And bugs:Some repeat textures don't line up correctlyAnti-aliasing breaks models because they're so low polygonPathing characters will walk through youClipping through wallsAI sometimes forgets to react to thingsSo, unless you're a die hard Deus Ex fan who just wants every single bit of lore, I say stay away or keep your expectations low."
76561197993452013,Not Recommended,258180,9587416,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,ingo,"Utter crap comapred to the other games in the series, worse grafics then Human revolution and no good controls.Lots of bugs too, no sound when firing my wepons most of the time. Also the concept of letting you buy stuff while mid game and hiding is just lame. Corpses that just dissapear just ruin the stealth idea of this.Dont buy this, its just going to be a waste of cash..."
,Not Recommended,258180,9589381,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Gekctek,"This game takes what was so beautiful with the full game and made it into a clunky, ugly mobile quality game that they pretend is the same as Human Revolution"
,Not Recommended,258180,9590098,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Tooth Boy T. Furst,You can't remap the keys.
76561197989703633,Not Recommended,258180,9590130,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Rapigel,"Don't come here looking for another DE fix, as the gameplay experience of The Fall is significantly worse than DE:HR.  Keybindings can't be changed, the graphics are poor, the hacking interface is poor (the hacking map can be larger than the hacking window and can't be resized so some nodes will be unselectable) and only a very small selection of DE:HR's amazing soundtrack is used."
76561197970325246,Not Recommended,258180,9624255,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Sublimetwit,"Gameplay is limiting to the point of being distracting and definite drags the enjoyment and pace of the game. This feels more like a 'kiddie' version of Deus Ex with safeties and hand-holding during parts of the game. Kills the fun. They really cut corners on this game, or made it with a knock off game engine that couldn't handle the very much. Overall, felt like a slap in the face. Wish I could get my money back."
,Recommended,258180,9624476,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,DontDrunkImShoot,"no keyboard bindings, holy ♥♥♥♥. game not even playable"
76561198062068809,Not Recommended,258180,9624604,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Killer Elmo,"terrible port over from mobile platform.I already purchased this game on mobile but I expected it would have be customised and better on pc, especially seeing its an FPS. I thought wrong. graphics arent flash. pretty much exactly same as on the cell phone, but looks worse seeing as it on a larger screen. i can forgive the graphics. you cant customise controls.there are alot of clipping errors.the cover system will drive you insane. should be just like HR but theyve tried to tweek it and its failed.in game purchases is always something I hate, especially when its already $10 for a 5 hour game. thats enough of my money for time satisfaction thank you.sound effects dont always work how they should.gun battles should be fun but they are not.it doesnt seem to detect which parts of the body you hit properly if it even has a body part hit system (it should because they had them back in early 90's on N64)I did like the story. its a good story as a prequil to HR. and theres side missions which are fun.my honest oppinion is get it on android device. the controls arent perfect but for the introductory price of 99c at the momment, cant go wrong. avoid his pc port unless they completely overhall it.thanks for reading :)"
,Not Recommended,258180,9580863,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,RoosterMisfit - Twitch.tv,"WOW... if you have played the original deus ex back in the day, then awesome you have played the best one... i played it when the game of teh year edition first came out, it was a GREAT game i loved it, so much to do so many options so many upgrades... then they released the second one.... it was ok... it was lacking some of the stuff from the first one graphics was a bit better storyline wasnt bad... then came out the one in like 2011.... way better graphics, missing a lot of the good stuff that made the first one interesting.... but it was an ok game to play if you had nothing else.... in my opinion....but this one... dont even bother... seriously its trash... how did this game even make it past the board.... i just dont get it.. the really have ruined the deus ex game line... if you cant tell im quite♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the way this game came out"
76561197989520390,Not Recommended,258180,9625207,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,jjbookerreese,Can't customize keyboard controls.  Unplayable.
76561197978092191,Not Recommended,258180,9636819,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Cigam,"I would advice all fans of the Deus Ex series, and good games in general, to stay away from this game.It is as bad as everyone says it is. Poor gameplay, glitches and bugs, unresponisve controls, horrible voice-acting, bad graphics etc.I can not for the life of me picture the person that decided that this was fit for release."
76561198058152045,Not Recommended,258180,9638102,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,unsociable45,LOTS OF PEOPLE MAD ABOUT THIS PEICE OF WORK THEY ARE CALLING THE DEUS EX SEQUAL. I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR QUITE A WHILE AND NOW THAT I HAVE PLAYED IT I CAN HONESTLY SAY THAT I AM GLAD IT DIDNT COST MORE THAN $10.00. MAKES ME SAD AND DISSAPOINTED ....I WONT BE FOOLED AGAIN
76561198032478618,Not Recommended,258180,9638439,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,j9ay9t5,"Being a fan of the series I just bought the game without any research into it, and I regret that. The game is really a misguided attempt to make a Deus Ex title for the tablet market. Current tablets just don't have the ability to give the Deus Ex experience. The owners decided to port it to the PC. This might have been a good idea if they did a complete overhaul of the game instead of a simple port. You can't remap the keys, there is no jump, the graphics and design are subpar when compard to Human Revolution, the voice acting isn't spectacular, the pacing and story aren't great. Basically I made a mistake in purchasing it. It does come with the GOTY edition of the original Deus Ex. This is good except I already owned the game through Good old Games. In the end I wish I had not bothered buying this game. Support of this game sends the wrong message to the owners of the franchise."
76561198043629545,Not Recommended,258180,9638860,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Emma Rose,"I tried to enjoy this game. Really, I did. I ignored the awful graphics, the handholdy tutorial, and the lack of jumping. The terrible gunplay, the horrible muzzle flash graphics (oh god why) and... I regret ever spending money on this. I want my money back, though I know not even that could wash this horrible experience out of my mouth. Only after playing did I learn this was a port of an iOS game... I just don't even know. Why did you do this, Square Enix? Why?"
76561198053424776,Not Recommended,258180,9626302,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,FuYingBro,I would recomend this even though It is now wear close to the quality of DEUS EX: HUMAN REVOLUTION and even with the some times poor voice acting.BUT it is only a DEMO. It isn't even a full game. I call bull on this. I expected a short game not a To  Be Continued ending.
,Not Recommended,258180,9627219,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,barbazu,I would recommend to read the reviews before even buying this game. I have bought it and I will uninstall it after this review.
,Not Recommended,258180,9629985,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,MOJO|Daitenzin,"In it's current form, this is a disappointing port of an overall good mobile game. Maybe with some patching and updating, this can be made to run significantly better, but as it is it is not worth the time or the money to consider. Stick with DE:HR GOTY or the original Deus Ex."
76561198035623285,Not Recommended,258180,9630456,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,jjcleck1982,"This does nothing but bring shame on the Deus Ex series. Way to buggy. Been serval times where I shot someone with the crossbow and the dart would hang in midair and next thing my sealth has been lost. And getting the run quietly aug. I would suddenly jump 5,6 steps or and go back 2,3 steps. I had to load the oringial  game so I can remember when this series was great at its time. Do not buy, glad I got this for  4.99 which is more worth .99 cents and thats being nice. Stay away from this and get Dexus Ex Human Evolution if you want a good game."
76561197964101590,Not Recommended,258180,9631074,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Iceman,"This game is fun but there are more bugs in it than the insect pavillion at the zoo.  The most prevelent of these is the sound bug, which effects not only dialouge, but the general area effects as well.   Also, this game ends after Panama is completed.   Which makes it a short, buggy experience.   If all the missions worked and the sound issues were eliminated, this would be awesome game.Reccomendation:  WAIT FOR A BUG-FIX PATCH!"
76561197971393838,Not Recommended,258180,9631426,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Steel~Sparta~,"I love Deus Ex as a series. I think that it is a great series of games. Game length is about 7 hours or so... your mileage may vary. Seems right for the price.That said, I can not as of the time of this writing give this episode a positive review. I feel that this is completely fix able on the part of the publisher with a patch.More than half the dialog in this game is broken. Infact I would guesstimate that 80% of the spoken dialog in this release is not working. In my professional opinion (I am an A+ tech IRL) there is absolutely NO excuse for a game to be released unfinished... especially an episodic release. There were a few other minor issues that I noted... Frame rates were a little on the low side (not too bad but not butter smooth either) and there was 1 instance that I fell through the world. The last one is forgiveable ♥♥♥♥♥♥happens) but the first one (audio issues) is not.So here is my take... IF the publisher/developer releases a patch to fix the audio issues then I will update my review and contenue to purchese the series. IF the publisher/developer chooses to abandon this title and move on to the next episode then I will abandon the publisher/developer and not buy their product. I have already done this to UBISOFT.Shame on the jerk that thinks it is a good business practice to release a game that is VERY obviously broken."
76561197980986417,Not Recommended,258180,9632696,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,[SPOD] Evasion,"The Fall had inferior graphics and gameplay to HR. It had fewer inventive steps, animations etc. It was like HR with the luxuries cut away. I completed it in 4 hours. 4 hours for 8£. Really disappointing installment in a steadily deecreasing in quality series. GJ  Square Enix."
76561197975615050,Not Recommended,258180,9632867,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Stewipid,"Very average, Would not recommend. I love the Deus Ex Games, but this does not feel right.  And you can't change the Controls.  Not impressed"
76561198039561661,Not Recommended,258180,9632892,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Atlas,"This was designed for the Android and is in-comparable to Deus ex,it may look similar but the control method is terrible and not customizable,the feel in 1st person is poor and it runs like crap...Save your cash"
,Not Recommended,258180,9633809,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,HuNTi,Hacking feels like searching a trashcan for money.Don't buy this crap.I got Deus Ex for free. All good stuff mentioned.
,Not Recommended,258180,17068797,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,gilburtgtr,"This game is pretty damn awful. I played it because I'm a big fan of the series and wanted that little bit of extra story with a new character. Turns out even that was a mistake as well because they decided to stop the story on a giant cliffhanger halfway through, and as this ""Part 1"" game was such a flop, it'll never be resolved. As for the gameplay, it's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mobile port, need I say more? Not *quite* as bad as I was expecting, but still awful. Aesthetics? Horrible.Even fans of the series, avoid this one."
,Not Recommended,258180,9584763,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,smartroad,"Similar but different from HR. I got this for my tablet first and hated the control compromises to get it to work for a touch interface. The problem here is that they have ruined the control you had from HR (not jumping in this!) and the graphics are obviously sub-par being from a tablet.I am enjoying playing it, but wish it had been built on the original engine and not whatever it is on. However there are many bugs the worst is that often there is no vocals for speech. I just sat through the first long conversation with Jaron Namir where my character and his took turns at actually saying anything. Sure the subtitles came up so at least I could follow but at one point Namir had no speech and then my character decided subtitles were enough. This continues through the game as well with random conversations not being spoken other than subtitles. Until that is fixed I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,258180,9595760,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Zeke Hooplaman,"Controls can't be changed, looks like vomit, and mouse sensitivity is too high.Adam Jensen is also sexier than Ben SaxonJust no."
76561198034604867,Not Recommended,258180,9596000,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,verflixt,"If you expect something that is even close to, lets say a dlc to the original Deus Ex, then don't waste your money. If you just want another experience in the Deus Ex universe, wait for another full fledged title, not this strange conversion from mobile app to pc that only tries to squeeze money out of the franchise."
,Recommended,258180,9597581,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,doctorsound,"I enjoyed it, but 8 hours of gameplay? I almost feel the game was over by the time I was really getting the hang of it."
76561197964807174,Not Recommended,258180,9598395,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Drasix666,its a pleasa of ssssshit!
,Not Recommended,258180,9599968,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,drewfam,"I bought this expecting it to have good controls, graphics similar to that of Deus Ex: Human Revolution, and fun, intriguing gameplay. But what does it have? None of those things. Don't buy this game, ever."
,Not Recommended,258180,9600043,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,jrconfer01,"The story is good and the Deus Ex environment is great.  However this is only the first portion of the game, i.e. you only get the Panama City level.  The main reason I do not recommend this game is that it is an incredibly crummy port to PC.  Some of the sounds do not play include voice dialog.  I am unable to scroll around on the hacking mini game making it impossible to hack certain higher level devices.  The mouse response and stutter has gotten me killed a number of times.  This game has potential, but it is needing much refinement before I would spend any money on it."
76561198018726365,Not Recommended,258180,9600521,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,1337AiR,Short story line... I'm guessing they expect you to play the game through more than once. Finished the game in less then 2hrs and explored a lot.
76561197985039924,Not Recommended,258180,9600769,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,jordyexists,"This is not what I was expecting; it is a mobile game ported to PC.  ""Controller support"" means ONLY Microsoft X-Box 360 controllers, not even Microsoft certified controllers, so my Razer Sabertooth doesn't work, at all.  (It is a third party 360 controller.  I have never had compatibility issues before.)If the obvious needs to be pointed out, because this was a mobile game before they sloppily ported it to PC with minimal graphics and controller options (no rebinding keys, terrible controller support), it looks and sounds dated.Not happy with this purchase; hopefully it will be patched so that I can play it with my controller."
,Not Recommended,258180,10155078,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Δƨɧ,"For those not familiar with the Deus Ex series, I would suggest playing this game to gain a better understanding of the surroundings and era. But be warned- as those who are familiar with the series- this game did bring disappointment with the development.- You lack the same fluid movement as in DEX3 so it makes for some really awkward character movement and camera jumpyness. It makes combat exceptionally difficult.- The AI of the NPC's is 'dodgy'. Clipping through supposedly solid surfaces just to get at you or even spot you. Makes stealth and passive gameplay a lot harder.- I'm not a person that goes on about graphics, but I'll just throw in this; it could have been done much better for being such a short game. Instead of a rushed, half-pie piece.I am intrigued by the characters and the history of the Mercs before Human Revolution, and it backs up how much more there is in the world of Deus Ex. I take my hat off to the creativity."
,Recommended,258180,9564797,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,This_Connor_Guy,"This game has its faults - the recoil thing is weird, the tutorial section is absolutely dreadful and the woman doing the voice over work for the tutorials is so wooden it hurts, and some of the dialog wasn't well written, BUT having said all that, I thought it was better than Human Revolution, and that may be just me, but I hated everything about that game. I believe that The Fall has a better story than that game by far. This game is very streamlined, but it's still a very fun game."
,Not Recommended,258180,9674045,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,ShadowStealer7,"A game made for tablets can barely run smoothly on PCs without framedrops, clunky UI, troublesome controls, and audio issues. Only get this for the original game (which may or may not have expired by the time this was written) with this added on for extra story for Human Revolution and the Icarus Effect novel"
,Not Recommended,258180,9574732,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,komrade,"Not recommended for those, who liked DE:HR"
,Not Recommended,258180,9602138,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Tarin,"Not worth 1.00 let alone 9.99 , simply bad"
,Not Recommended,258180,9602635,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,Terrible. Just terrible.Bad graphics. Bad voice acting. Bad story. Bad controls.Crappy mobile port.
76561197995867862,Not Recommended,258180,9602904,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,WhiskyGuy,"Should be renamed ""The Fail"". This is such a miserable POS that I am embarrased to say that I bought it and now can't get my money back. It took me 3 minutes to get frustrated by the fact that I could not re-map my keyboard controls and that every dialogue box that appeared would not go away until some random mashing of the keyboard occured. The gameplay is lame and  they have lost all that was good about the original DX:HR world. Don't buy this, you are better off flushing your money down the toilet ... seriously."
,Not Recommended,258180,9603546,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Paddington Bear,Simply broken.
,Not Recommended,258180,9586353,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,@theegamerdotcom,"Although i love all the previous games, this one falls short of the others by miles.The controls are slow response wise. The buttons are slow on the uptake when you press buttons corresponding to what is needed. And movement is slow as well, from the start.I have played other games, and never have any problems with these sort of issues with those games, even after changing the settings in options.In hacking a keypad, before you even get to hack, it takes at least 5 presses of the button 'E' for it to do anything. Graphics the same as previous title, but still superb. The movement and action keys lack response when pressing the buttons you need to progress and use items.And what makes matters worse? The fact the game is so short, my hair looks long!!!"
76561198044394862,Not Recommended,258180,9605051,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,tr,"Should have read the reviews >_<Just the name ""Deus Ex"" was enough... one of my favorite games ever.Played for 30 minutes and will not touch it again. You cannot remap keys, and everything feels like a dumbed down version of HR. Basically a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tablet version 1:1 pulled over to the PC.Would not even play it if it were free."
76561198004397080,Not Recommended,258180,9584800,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,R u eating that?,"WTF is this cheap production?  You even can´t map the keys you want, like in teh maingame before, they have  the keybindings!!"
76561197976840302,Not Recommended,258180,9590390,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Golgatha,"Do not buy this Game. Unless you are really board, want to be frustrated, don't want the ability to jump, need really poor graphics, bad gameplay, unbindable keys, 12 loading screens for 1 building, and something worse than Deus Ex The Invisible war."
76561197961223351,Not Recommended,258180,9591039,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Big J,"Graphics are Terrible, Game Mechanics are horrible, controls are buggy... just so dissapointing. i was expecting something made with at least the same quality as Human Revolution (one of my all time favorate games). this makes me fear for the deus ex franchise... a game this bad could ruin its future. :( This is a game that would have passed as playable in 2004 but seriously, even the voice acting is bad!"
76561198021987353,Not Recommended,258180,9594704,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,RS232,"This game is not ready for release, not every close.  Deus Ex: Human Revolution is one of my favorite games that is currently in my library and this game is nowhere near the quality of Deus Ex: HR.  It is extremely buggy, I have only been able to play about 20 minutes before it just became impossible to play.  For me the game would not register mouse clicks with certain weapons.  For instance if I had the assault rifle it would not fire at all; however, if I switched to the crossbow I could take out my enemy with no issues.  I have decided to stop playing until a patch is out to fix all the bugs that are being reported.  The one good thing was that I purchased the game and received the original Deus Ex for free (which I never had the chance to play before now).  So really as far as my money goes I am not too upset since in the end The Fall only cost me 3 bucks extra.  I am hoping they patch the game soon and not just port it to PC and just wash their hands of it."
,Recommended,258180,14501015,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Archinowsk,"Crappy PC port, but feels and plays like Deus Ex. Only the first part of the game, but I doubt there will be more. Shame."
,Not Recommended,258180,14504941,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,romeo01,Beware. Controls are causing physical pain. Game not even close as good as Human Revo!
,Recommended,258180,14942150,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Schwifty Rick,"This an admirable game. Yes, it has it's flaws, but it was not originally meant for PC. Ports are not easy to revamp for other systems, especially for side projects. This game has a great story, has all the features from the original game, and is a great experience. You cannot jump, or remap buttons, but that's not a big deal. The only problem I had was scrolling through the weapons list with my mouse wheel, but that's really it. The graphics are not up to date.This is a great buy at any price you buy it at. The only thing that bugs me is that it is half a story, and the dlc is no where in sight.3/5. I reccomend for all Deus Ex fans."
76561198045789713,Not Recommended,258180,14902076,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,florent_demure,"This game is the most expensive one I ever bought. Deus Ex engine is not used with its max features (no jump, no weapon zoom, 1 saved game only, strange bots IA ...). The end of the game asks to stay tuned, perhaps a sequel may (might?) be available in the future. I personally won't give one more penny for this."
,Not Recommended,258180,14967922,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Illuminaughty,"This is a straight port from the game designed for iOS. It is not a ""remaster"", nor does it claim to be. It is not a badly done port of that game, but anyone expecting a full-featured PC game is going to be unhappy with this. A lot of functionality from Deus Ex: Human Revolution isn't present in this game, and the graphics were obviously meant for a smaller screen.I did not play enough to comment on the story, apart from to say that the beginning is formulaic, and non-compelling. What voice acting I heard was noticably more robotic and self-conscious than the acting in Human Revolution. Oddly enough this is what sealed it for me. I expected the game mechanics and graphics to be less impressive than those of Human Revolution, but I expected the story and voice acting to make up for it. I didn't give it much of a chance, only playing for about 30 minutes, but the game didn't really put it's best foot forward, even with my lowered expectations."
,Not Recommended,258180,14944637,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,This game should have stayed on the tablets where it belongs and where it's received good reviews.
76561198151700893,Recommended,258180,14965840,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,un,loads of fun but my wired contoler wont work with it. other than that its a cool game GREAT PRICE
76561198116069754,Recommended,258180,15268803,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Harambe DinduNuffin,someone find me the unistall button please.
,Not Recommended,258180,10489247,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,SharkWoo,没诚意的一次移植。
,Not Recommended,258180,15262664,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,PhoeHammer,"horible controls, lazy port and naging tutorials in first massion make for a verry boring games."
,Not Recommended,258180,15441465,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Daggothus,"You have to be a very big fan of Deus Ex to forgive it's flaws:  the graphics, mechanics, and poor story line all show their age.  Best to wait for the new installment for the series."
,Not Recommended,258180,15447146,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Kr!pt0n,Compared to Human Revolution this game really sucks. Very bad gameplay and controls due to beeing a port of a game developed for mobile devices. I really regret buying this waste of time and money.
,Not Recommended,258180,15339044,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Al Dins Smoke,The Fall isn't a game that I would recommend for a Deus Ex experience.Pros:For a mobile game it does have some good backgroundsSaxon who is the player character has some potential in terms of story and character building.I actually liked the plane level and the turntable was a nice feature.Cons:Gameplay tries but fails to emulate Deus Ex HRThe story didn't really catch my attention and I often skipped quite a bit of the dialogue. I do think that think that there is a story there but it’s just presented in such a bland way that you just switch offOh and the weapon animations are horribleThe first (tutorial) mission felt really quite bland which is a shame considering the venue was Moscow which could have been interesting.It's unfinished.To be frank there's a whole list of other things that have gone wrong with this game which has already been pointed out.And if I was asked to develop a game for mobile platforms and PC then I would not have chosen an FPS format.In short: Do not purchase this game and definitely not at full price although I purchased this as part of a bundle.Recommendations:I would turn this into a top down RPG instead although this may have to sacrifice some Deus Ex features but you could end up with much better gameplay and graphics which doesn't look quite so wanting and still be able to have acceptable looking custcenes.Get rid of the purchase menu; I don't know what they were thinking by including that.Also the environments need to be better developed. The Panama level just felt like a copy and paste of the Detroit levels in DXHR with a few minor differences and with a spinoff such as this it pays to give customers a new aspect of the franchise and activities not seen in its parent game (DXHR)I do think that there is potential in this game but if the developers really want it to sell then they're going to have a serious change of direction.
,Recommended,258180,15974562,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,N7CaptainObvious,"I liked this game. Granted it is a port from Android and iOS, but it is nonetheless good. I've played it on my device, and I find it equally as fun. I think it is well worth the price. Though it is pretty easy to play."
76561198067066323,Recommended,258180,16478801,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ruman17,"I'm not sure why this game has such a bad reputation. For an iOS port the graphics aren't abysmal,  which was one knock I kept seeing throughout reviews. People have complained of ""unresponsive controls;"" this is only the case in menus where you're not in a time crunch and simply have to click a second time for it to work...not a big deal.  The gameplay was fun, coming from somebody that has played the entire Deus Ex franchise from beginning to end. For $9.99 I've been very satisfied with the game so far (I got it for $4.99 on sale so even better). The only real thing I didn't like was the voice acting felt very subpar but I worry about gameplay not voice acting.tl;dr: get this game on sale if you're skeptical and you'll get your money's worth.  The ""issues"" aren't really that big of a deal and its a good Deus Ex game at its core.Overall I'd give it a 7/10."
76561198146765596,Recommended,258180,16505383,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,JDawgRiggz,very cool to add on to the story to give a better understanding but not continuing the story so that way a whole game can answer questions.
76561198033249210,Not Recommended,258180,9975652,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,OutOfNoWhere,"DEHM was good, but that doesn't mean DETF is good too...."
,Not Recommended,258180,10023693,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,CobraDBlade =Fs=,"Buggy as all get out, poorly made, and a story so cliche you can literally predict what people are going to say. Don't bother with this game if you enjoyed Deus Ex: Human Revolution. It will kill the Deus Ex franchise for you."
,Not Recommended,258180,9871510,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Toxic,"I bought it because I'm a huge fan of Deus Ex, but this one was huge disapointment.Comparing to awesom ""Human Revolution"" series this one is changed a lot and in the worst ways. Graphics, controls, augmentatios tree crapy. Story line not interesting."
,Not Recommended,258180,11547184,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,foundflame,"This is a downgrade from Deus Ex: Human Revolution in every sense.The graphics are sub-par and remniscent of games 10 years ago.  The character models are blocky and pixelated and move like marionettes controlled by the slow kid.  The backgrounds are nice and ripped straight from DE:HR, so I'm not sure why the decision was made to let a high school kid make the character models in obsolete software.The controls are awful.  They're mapped the same way as in DE:HR, but they don't work.  The tutorial moments hijack the game, and either do the actions it tells you to do, kill your ability to move until you press the key it wants (but only movement, everything else, including enemy movement, is still active), or they flat out don't work at all, such as the time I was stuck against a cardboard box unable to move while an enemy gunman shot at me lazily with his pistol until I died.I was a huge fan of DE:HR and so I was looking forward to this, but it's a trainwreck and not worth the frustration and hassle.  This must be what it feels like when your crack dealer knows you're hooked and gives you the crappy stuff on purpose because he knows you'll buy it anyway.  Be warned: this isn't crack, it's just baking soda and milk with bad graphics."
76561197998983727,Not Recommended,258180,11800710,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,kendall.robertson,"Ripped off!  Finished the campaign in 3 hours, and the story was incomplete."
76561198102142485,Not Recommended,258180,11561773,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,ALCAHOLIC_BOOTY_SLAYER,DON'T GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The game has really anoyed me and it is about 1 hour long if that.it  cost me £7 for 1 hour play.Don't bother with it .
,Not Recommended,258180,11752055,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,jaymz,"I got this for very cheap during the summer sale...  and still shouldn't have bought it.  Controls are not responsive or intuitive.  There were parts where it seemed like some controls didn't work at all, including a dialogue selection point of the story.  Sometimes weapons wouldn't change or would change slowly. It's a shame the interface and controls for this are not very good, otherwise it could at least be playable.  Other things like being unable to aim down your weapon or the cheap voice acting would probably be bearable if the controls were actually responsive to input."
76561197970728484,Not Recommended,258180,11620870,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Solitaire,"Short: 4/10.   A crappy port of a mediocre Ios/Droid game that attempts to cash in on the ""Deus Ex"" name.Long: There is a list of problems that ""Ports"" seem to suffer from Deus Ex: The Fall is no different. From questionable graphics to length and A.I, it's got issues. For ""The Fall"" what really turned me off was the controls and game-play. For the controls, you can't customize anything and even if your playing with an Xbox 360 controller (I was) they feel unresponsive and unintuitive. I was forced on several occasions to 'Click it with my mouse' which, often as not didn't solve the problem. The game-play suffers from this, as being unable to properly control my character has a negative impact on the whole experience, making me feel sluggish and ham-handed in a game stype that is all about reaction and control.I am a huge fan of the Deus Ex franchise and of Cyberpunk in general. I couldn't bring myself to finish this. To me 'The Fall' goes down as another example of bad porting with shoddy patch work, made all the more painful because of the excellent source material it had to work with."
76561198026001846,Not Recommended,258180,11672885,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Minion No. Q,"Very little PC compatability, the Tutorial cannot be switched off to allow for a faster gameplay, the controls are far inferior compared to Deus Ex: Human Revolution despite DE: The Fall coming out well after DE:HR. Inventory management, weapons/ammo purchasing and upgrade point distribution needs massive overhaul.Would not recommend to any DE series fan, let alone any decent gamer.2/10 for gameplay, 3/10 for cutscenes, 4/10 for overall graphics, 1/10 for usability.overall: 2.5/10, a massive letdown to the DE series."
,Recommended,258180,9974909,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,satsun,"They pushed an update August 1, 2014 that corrected many issues. I'll change my rating to a 'thumbs up' but do notice that it took them that long to make the patch. My original review is below.http://steamcommunity.com/games/258180/announcements/detail/157942771547349531==================While I like this game for it's low budget cyberpunk feel, I can't honestly recommend it until they correct some issues.- The audio is broken on surround sound systems. Set your audio device to stereo to fix that problem.- Sometimes there is a slow-down that is apparently due to memory management.- The game environment sometimes disappears and you just see the background image.- I've teleported places after jumping over objects or climbing ladders.Last time I was teleported into a wall, I got the bright idea to save the game and reload... nope, still stuck in a wall.You have one save slot so my game is ruined unless maybe I find a trainer that will let me no-clip out.It's not a terrible game (I'm easy to please) because I like the feel of it and it has some story info that supports Human Revolution, but it is a poor port and due to the issues this game has I don't recommend buying it unless you pay less than $1.UPDATE 1:I started a new game, it played fine, and I completed it. The only change I made was that I set my video card (GTX 780) to adaptive power management (NVIDIA CP, 3D settings). Not sure if that mattered, but that was the only change; no more teleporting. The game is still a buggy mess but I enjoyed the story. I actually liked the audio but it's too bad that it doesn't work in surround mode.I won't change my recommendation because the game needs work.UPDATE 2:Getting all achievements in this game is fairly easy so I played through a total of 2.5 times to get the achievements. On my second playthrough I got stuck in a wall again; actually I was just stuck against a wall, I guess. Same way, climbed a ladder or maybe I tried to move a heavy box.I found that by using the Stealth Dash that you could then move around. Stealth Dash yourself to the nearest ladder and climb it, this will let you freely move again but some things may still be broken (I couldn't open a grate or move some boxes). Use a trainer if you don't have the resources to buy Stealth Dash but be careful that the trainer doesn't load you up with money/praxis kits and ruin any challenge."
76561198007163565,Not Recommended,258180,11703060,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,pajsaraf,"very badbroken controls dont really work, bad graphics,no effort was made to improve the title from its mobile roots, the extra power of the pc make this game look better on IOSWasted oportunity"
76561197971159104,Recommended,258180,9736012,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Xeondeth,"I am a fan of Deus Ex ever since the first one came out. The second version Invisible War was awful, Human Revolution took back the lost ground. Now we have The Fall and on the first run it's look easily as good as HR. However I am experiencing a bug that make the game unplayable. It starts out just fine, but if you Quit and Reload the Sound Effects disappear, as well as speech - so you NEED to have the captions show up or you won't know what's going on, then other times the caption window fly by so fast you can't read them, and if there is a character speaking when this happens their speech is cut off. While the music is playing you don't get any sound effects, they return after the music loop finishes, and disappear again when it restarts. You cannot turn the music off, you can only turn it all the way down. That means it is still looping and causing the sound effects to stop. There's obviously some channel overlap going on as my Sound Card is easily able to put out multiple channels over multiple devices - through Dolby 5.1 speakers as well as a Dolby 7.1 surround headphones at the same time.That said there is a work around for the sound problem all you have to do is set your sound card to Stereo and the problem is solved. It doesn't look like Square Enix is interested in providing a fix. So if you can handle that, you can play the game just fine."
,Not Recommended,258180,10729603,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,A.R.M.,"The biggest thing that gets this game is that: The user interface is far less user-friendly and far more obstructive of gameplay as compared to its' predecessor Deus Ex: Human Revolution. The rest of this review is rambling into why and then a snobby joshing remark.After playing Deus Ex: Human Revolution and its' expansion, this game is disgustingly bad gameplay wise... they force a clunky tutorial upon you that utilizesa  robotic voice and provides a clubky interface... you now buy weapons and ammo on the fly... and it forces you to silence your assult rifle...You have to scroll through slots to drink beer, use painkillers... and even your abilities (such as stealth).This game is a huge disappointment visually as well... I got used to the beautiful game of Deus Ex: Human Revolution...There are many holes in walls that 1 can just simply stand up within too... I did not give the game long, but there are way better things to play, such as Deus Ex: Human Revolution again.If you love this series you’ll probably enjoy this game, and I probably will get around to playing it eventually… but it has no need to be expedited to the top of ones play list and is probably worth the $2.50 I paid for it… although if I had to do it over again I’d wait for it to be $10… although I am a cheap gamer (I wait for decent sales).I usually do not review a game if I am indifferent towards it or dislike it... and even then I at times rate up a game and state it's shortcomings etc. but this game simply had too many downfalls that it is indeed properly named Deus Ex: THE FALL (well below ones expectations). In short this game was a considerable step back in gameplay quality in all reguards from a game that came sooner in the series."
,Not Recommended,258180,10890123,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,base9wario,"...Yeah it's a port.But that's not what makes this game terrible. It shows I have less than an hour, but with very good reason why.The first part of the game is so restrictive in trying to tell you how to play the game that it's ridiculous. You literallycan't pass through a door way without equipping an EMP first, it actually FREEZES your movement so you can do so. With Deus Ex Revolution, it teaches you on the go, it doesn't make you feel stupid where as this game has to stop you.Also the pistol in this game is stupid, it zooms in everytime you shoot, and one gun you have to zoom in and shoot with M1; which is absolutely terrible design.It wasn't worth the $2.50 I spent on it, let alone anyone who actually paid $10 for this."
,Not Recommended,258180,10808894,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,♠ Avokkrii ♠,"Can't recomend this game, sorry I want to but I can't, I have all the other Deus Ex games and I love every single one of them and I used to like this one too, when it was for iOS and Android, for those platfroms it's a good game, for PC no! Just no!"
76561198030962225,Recommended,258180,10808976,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,namp_ts,:)
76561198031997676,Recommended,258180,10810986,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,VF,"Ignore the metascore.  This game is no 46.  It is no 80, either, though.The biggest issue with The Fall is that it is a bad port, not necessarily a bad GAME.  You have no options to customise controls, menu clicking is annoyingly unresponsive, and leaving cover will sometimes go back to first person looking up at the sky for no reason as a default as a few gameplay flaws which were not issues on mobile.  Issues one and two did not exist because of the nature of touchscreens, and issue three never happened to me on mobile, either.  This game was not designed with PC in mind, and being hastily ported to it during Square-Enix's ♥♥♥♥♥torm politics and restructuring which began in 2012 and persists to this day was just a cash grab when it should have been delayed until it played like Deus Ex:  Human Revolution when on PC.With that being said, ten years ago this game would have been called by many players as fantastic because games were more mediocre in general (please do not bother to name rare, specific games from that era which you like as a retort since it probably not represent the shovelware climate).  In 2014, however, better quality overall is increasingly demanded by players when back then gamers were not as vocal as a whole--thank both the Internet and gaming becoming far more mainstream since the early 2000s in the west--and this is just NOT a great game by today's standards.It is, however, a definitive DE:HR sidestory experience, and it is very good in that right.  It looks, sounds, and feels like a gaiden of DE:HR and the story is great.  If you really enjoyed DE:HR or the DE series since the first like I did what with this being my favourite game series, you WILL enjoy this for about 10 or so hours.  Then, it ends, because SE decided to make it episodic content where it can charge you piecemeal for subsequent chapters.  The caveat to its piecemeal design is because the game's reception was so poor, I am largely certain that no new chapters will ever be released.  If they are, it will be more hurried content with much cut for time and budget constraints, à la the Xenosaga trilogy.The problem is not the game as much as it is how SE handled it, although the game does have its problems.  This review is simply to state that it is NOT deserving of the low 46 metascore just as sooooo many 90+ games are not even close to as deserving those high numbers...this is something that you can blame on the pay-for-scores game ""journalism"" paradigm of today.  Buy it on sale for $5 or less; this game sat on my Steam wishlist from its PC release date until it was $5, and I cannot recommend paying more for it even though I DO recommend playing it if you enjoy DE games.Oh, and for god's sake, if the PS2-era character models for this mobile game is the defining flaw in what makes this a ""bad"" game to you, you have no business critiquing any game whatsoever, let alone attempting to appreciate the DE series' level of depth and subtext beneath what are not-awful visuals."
,Not Recommended,258180,10811727,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,{MC}Swordguy,"Game is only half complete. although the storyline is amazing, and using OGSSAA makes the game look decent, It is unknown whether the game will ever be finished. Don't buy it, just watch a lets play and buy some new socks with the saved money, you'll be happy you did."
,Not Recommended,258180,10338592,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,terrible.  Play it on a mobile device instead
76561198079961247,Not Recommended,258180,10341510,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,JB-Lee,I loved Deus Ex and it's one of my favorate games of all time. This is awful compaired to it in both gameplay and graphics. Don't bother buying this it's total trash.
76561198034667205,Not Recommended,258180,10933938,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TheFrogs,"It's like Deus Ex: Human Revolution, but much, much worse. You can't jump."
,Not Recommended,258180,12199169,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,macker,run like crap and look it to
76561198012744894,Not Recommended,258180,12448761,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,jibbius,Disappointingly - F710 controller is not supported.
76561197991439866,Not Recommended,258180,12485799,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,etchask3tch,"running i5 with hd 7800 locks up, at the start when you first choose wepon"
,Not Recommended,258180,12456057,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Edemkee,This is hilariously bad
76561198023025079,Not Recommended,258180,12458455,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,pandm,I've always liked this game until this cruddy version.  I think it was made for an iPhone or something because it sure is cumbersom on a PC.  Very dissapointed!
,Not Recommended,258180,11382346,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Vince,"Looks like crap, sounds like crap, plays like crap.Doesn't even feel like a Deus Ex game. Clearly a cheap mobile cash in, and an even cheaper PC port.Never again."
,Not Recommended,258180,11428275,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,banjoeskimo,"While there are moments of fun to be had in this spin-off, the magic just isn't there. DX: The Fall started off as a mobile game, and it shows. From the terrible voice acting to the middling story and lacklustre mission design, this game is for Dues Ex die-hards only. It's especially hard to recommend given the $9.99 price tag, considering its incredible predecessor, DX: Human Revolution is available for $20, and provides more than 4 times as much gameplay, an amazing story, and a proper Deus Ex experience. Only buy this if you're desperate for more DX or it's on sale."
76561198072348709,Recommended,258180,11377338,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,alien3239,"The price is about 63% of the ""Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut"".But ""The Fall"" campaign can be breezed less over 5 hours, while ""Human Revolution"" lasts longer.Considering this facts it is the rip off, unless one buy this with a discount.Lots of components were used from ""Human Revolution"" (i.e. enemy models, engine etc.), this leaves impressionthat it was done only to make fast money without efforts.Overall, gameplay was simplified, locations are short which results in much less demands for PC, GPU and human brain.But there is no option to increase graphics quality or changer difficulty.I did not encounter sound issues (desyncronization) like in other reviews.Only once the footsteps sound got stuck but it disappeared after level change.BTW, I've come through game 2 times, just to get all augs and check out other weapons.Second time was much more easy.Conclusion: buy this only with the discount, overwise it is rip-off."
,Not Recommended,258180,11408986,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Wrathzog,Really bad console port.  Somehow worse than Human Revolution.
,Recommended,258180,11435750,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,LH,"great stort,I loved the fact that the game continued........."
76561197971789127,Not Recommended,258180,11454665,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,spartan_007,"This game is very buggy. Lockups, falling through the scenery. Even caused BSOD in Windows 7. The game mechanics of hacking are almost impossible with a controller. And there is a lot of hacking required to play the game properly. Unlike Deus Ex Human Revolution this game feels half finished and has poor game mechanics that get in the way of the story. The sound cuts in and out and subtitles flash on and off too fast to read spoiling your ability to follow the story."
76561197971763113,Not Recommended,258180,11445757,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,EternalDecay,"What a piece of garbage, I LOVED Deus Ex: Human Revolution.  This having the deus ex name on it is just a disgrace.  Worst voice acting I have heard in a game in years, bodies just vanish when you kill enemies and the visuals made me physically sick(nauseated).  I havn't felt this ripped off since I bought Homefront(atleast this was only a $10 waste of money though)"
76561198003607025,Not Recommended,258180,11231988,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,JalBANANO,"Its poorly presented and just a money grabber. Controls are poor, no space jump button. Mouse sensitivity is extremely all over the place, has random bad textures like im playing a quake 3 game engine, lags a bit, levels are really too short. And 10 bucks for something i completed in under 2 hours on the hardest difficulty.Do not pay for this game."
,Not Recommended,258180,11217444,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,cagedconch,"Unfortunately, a tiny game combined with many niggling issues - like level backgrounds disappearing during a takedown sequence, enemies not registering shots, and an awful interface that takes too many clicks to do anything - means that I cannot recommend this game."
76561198072871070,Recommended,258180,11223592,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Muerte !!!,exellent Game
76561198039024944,Recommended,258180,11174967,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Nazauras,"I was a HUGE fan of Human revolution but I couldnt play for more then 5 mintues. From the moment I saw the tutorial and the felt the controls, I had a horible sinking feeling that this game was complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and a waste of my money. Looked up game reviews for the pc verison with nothing really over a 4/10 and I was proven right. Controls, graphics, interface, voices, cutscenes, I mean good god, take your pick because their all equally ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,258180,9964834,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Arrakisdef,"Don't buy this game.  Its a crap port of a crap port.  Lots of random bugs, the most annoying being sound completely cutting out."
76561197970862115,Recommended,258180,9955163,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,baconator,"Only feel compelled to review rubbish games as i dont want you lot waisting money out there .on android it may work better but here on my pc combat is broken , movement sluggish and hacking painfully non responsive .er so Dont buy it"
76561197997922501,Not Recommended,258180,26281703,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,warberjr02,"This game is mediocre at best.  I am glad that I bought it as part of the Human Revolution Director's cut and not on its' own.  That being said, it is a great effort from some fan programmers who probably knew very little of the game engine and capabilities until they produced this game."
76561198039118693,Not Recommended,258180,25698180,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Valious Swank,That is not even close to the original Deux Ex HR. That is come kind of console game with a different control. You can't jump... I don't enjoy to play with this game. :(
,Recommended,258180,25708064,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,NYNzrin,"Its not as bad as others say.The menu controls are a bit sucky, the gameplay is alright IMO.The only thing I could say to everyone who are thinking about this game :It's the Easy Mode of Deus Ex."
76561198172564311,Recommended,258180,25737214,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,SoftCactus01,"A few points about this game.>very short, ive almost done 2 complete campaigns in under 10hrs>Good time filler game, it has so fun mechanics, but shows it age in comparsion to other games like it>Boring♥♥♥♥♥story>multiple play styles>Small world sizeI would reccomend you only get this game on sale like I did, even though its fun and all its just not worth the price there asking for know, but at least they have steam cards and other activites asides actually completing the game to get on with."
76561198170423810,Not Recommended,258180,25733536,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,testoyer,"I LOVE deus ex, and the prequal but, this game is not anything compared to them worst port i've evr played"
,Not Recommended,258180,25730700,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Windwraith,"I beat it once, once is enough for me... The stealth was quite op with the store being on-demand all the fliping time.Should you play this... No, sadly there are better games out there for the same price....."
76561198072813698,Recommended,258180,25841319,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,zlaopice,"You have to take that, this is the game which was converted from mobile. If you can take it, you can have some fun. I played stealth approach and most things worked properly (two times I fell through floor). It is deus ex world, that is good but looks kind of cheap in the compare to the original game. For 2,5 euro I had fun for 6-7 hours, but I can understand the people which bought game for full price and they were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off."
76561198064852407,Recommended,258180,26198886,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,pt_kamen,"A mobile port based on Deus Ex. It's sort of Ok. Not terrible, but also not very good. Got it in a bundle with other Deus Ex stuff. And since it's better than Invisible War I gave it a passing grade."
76561198022929231,Recommended,258180,10469048,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,brvl_1999,Had no problems with this game other than it is too short waiting for more
76561198016222603,Not Recommended,258180,25924725,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,senior.euhenio,Does not have almost anything in common with DXHR. Do not buy.
76561197996142047,Not Recommended,258180,25941934,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TheChavlierTom,A bit overpriced with the controls feeling a bit clunky. Consider buying if on sale and you're a massive fan of the series.
,Not Recommended,258180,26009569,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Praetorian11,Control configurations are bad and you can't check for the mapping while your on the game.
,Not Recommended,258180,15452727,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Phelic,"I'm a fan of the DX games, but I cannot recommend this one except to hardcore fans.It takes about 6 hours to complete all quests. After that it's possible to carry over all equipment & augs into the ""New Game+"" mode.What's positive about this game:a few new compositions by Michael McCannmore insight into the DX world in 2027 by watching Picus News and reading e-booksif you have read the book ""Deus Ex: Icarus Effect"" then it's cool to hear from Saxon & Kelso againWhat's negative:pretty much all that's leftmost annoying for me was that whenever I pressed a mouse button the game minimized => I had to play it in windowed modeit's a very poor port from tablet to PC, therefore graphics, audio, controls, AI & atmosphere are like a very stripped down version of DX:HRThe game is designed as the first part of a prolonged story.I hope for a sequel that will be much better than ""Deus Ex: The Fail""!"
76561198055759394,Not Recommended,258180,26056221,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,dekeeler,Not worth the money.  Game completed within a few hours.  Not nearly as much fun as Human Revolution.  Too bad!
,Recommended,258180,25825536,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,RustedLife,"Sort of a new Deus Ex quick fix. Sequel to a book, also a mobile port. Some interesting dilemmas, but otherwise nothing too notable. If you're playing Deus Ex for the first time, don't start here."
76561197988387615,Not Recommended,258180,25684413,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Venusgate,"Unimaginative story about drugs.Same combat and stealth as DE:HR, but is smaller levels.Very polygon'd models - thought I was playing an n64 game.Totally disconnected from HR storyline. Get it on sale if you HAVE to know everything there is to know about DE."
,Recommended,258180,25725030,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,An Angry Walrus,"2 hours in and it's not bad. Sure it isn't as polished as HR. But it's functional, though I do recommend it to those who are just as enthralled with the Deus Ex universe as I am.PS. I got this on sale, so to me it doesn't feel like a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,258180,17115482,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,[PTG]Nosliw,"No.......just no, do. not. waste. your. money. on. this. piece. of. cow excrement"
76561197970568163,Not Recommended,258180,25791414,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,stephane.caron,Poor excuse for a game!
,Not Recommended,258180,9624567,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Boss:  ✖‿✖,Interface is weak.Sound is missing time to time.Hope the story is good.
76561198000949837,Not Recommended,258180,10755993,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,lord commissar yarrick,Dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy it. its the most horrendus crime to Deus ex EVER. the game handles like♥♥♥♥♥♥and the settings in game suck. go buy Human revoulution if you dont have it is better in every way and shape
,Not Recommended,258180,10782535,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Lone Soldier,"Expanding the in game universe of Human Revolution, this had the potential to be a good game. However the controls can't be edited to your liking, which is a real nuisance if you had recently played HR as it is a port from a touch screen game, some of the controls don't match HR's controls. The game cuts off at a cliff hanger where there is no indication that more will be released, if they do hopefully it'll be free to people who have purchased the game instead of making you for each part of the story. People who are fans of the series might enjoy the game but I only purchased as it came with the original Deus Ex on pre-order and didn't have the game on steam."
,Not Recommended,258180,10877854,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Blue,"Remember how cool the other Deus Ex games were? Dont expect that for this one. They did improove a few things Human Revolution had. First of all you can buy Any weapon or item you want and at any time. They added a hop over obsticle action when you hid behind things (however it doesnt always work and they removed the ability to jump.) However a lot of things are screwed up compared to the last game. The game models look so mechanical. Many of the characters you meet have a dead glassy stare and their bodys sometimes have badly textured looks compared to the first game. The hacking challenge is messed up. I hacked a level 5 panel without setting off anything. I hacked a level three and set it off every time. The AI is terrible and the fact bodies evaporate 5 seconds after they are knocked out or dead robs you of a little challenge in the game. The enviroments are either really nice or really bad and they use most of the old music from the last game so it feels less original. they have also got a Game chapter that Walking dead and Wolf among us has going. Ultimately this is a fun game to play for the story, not as a deus ex game. Buy it on sale but if your paying full price your going to regret it."
,Not Recommended,258180,12502790,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Near,"I can see how this was once a good iOS game. It must have seemed very impressive on a portable device. On PC, though, this feels like a cheap game straight out of the early 2000s. Braindead AI, weird controls, terrible voice acting and facial animation.Not that the game is completely unenjoyable. The story is okay and it still manages to build the same kind of atmosphere Human Revolution did. Had the game received some heavy polish it might have been good. Sadly, it did not."
,Not Recommended,258180,12653787,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Kaz Dragon,"Gentlemen, the secret passage is in the ladies' lavatory.So I played the game through, and just when it was about to get interesting, there was a TO BE CONTINUED.  Bear in mind that it took 5.8 hours to get interesting (I'm pretty sure at least one of those hours was preparing a soup from scratch and then eating it).  I expect the TO BE CONTINUED will be another equal waste of cash.So the gameplay is largely the same as Deus Ex, except you start with the Icarus Wings falling system.  Not that there are any heights to fall from, so that's useless.  There's no jump button, so anything you're looking for -- such air vents (!) -- is at floor level.  The ""numerous"" side-quests the overview boasts is about 5.  The levels are claustrophobic and tiny, which I understand to be a hold-over from being a mobile game.  You get just enough cash through the game to buy maybe one of the ""bundles"" (!), or one of the advanced weapons, just before the game is over.  There don't appear to be many meaningful decisions to make with dialogs, in-game choices, in the way that other games in the series have.  The story *could* be interesting, but it isn't yet.In short, this game is a Deus Ex game, but with far less Deus Ex than a Deus Ex game should have.  It's a thorough ""meh.""  As such, even though it provided a vaguely entertaining Sunday afternoon, I can't really recommend it."
76561198031068131,Recommended,258180,11981490,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,cricketjam,"No Jump button, don't ♥♥♥♥ing waste your money on this ♥♥♥♥ing disgrace."
76561197969673519,Not Recommended,258180,18790187,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Vash,"Simply put, utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not even worth with a discounted price."
76561198011435278,Not Recommended,258180,12379111,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,ketzer,"Such a disappointing game. I wanted to like this game.  I really did.  The Deus Ex series usually delivers. The characters were flat and the voice acting charicaturized. The game was glitchy as all getout and a constant source of frustration. The game mechanics however were laughably simple, and there was no sense of challenge to the game. One could breeze through the entire game with little adaptation or ingenuity. The plot seemed pretty railroaded too.  This is quite possibly one of the worst modern computer games I've ever played. Never buy this game at full price. In fact, don't buy it all unless you really like Deus Ex or you love to complain.Also, as of Oct. 3, 2014, this game refuses to load past Downloading Assets... 0%.Not a functional game."
76561198108536329,Not Recommended,258180,12364665,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,rych1981,"This is not a great game, im very glad i got this in the sale, if id paid full price i would have been quite annoyed.Personally i do like the story and the voice acting, and the general ""feel"" of the game, but thats as far as it goes.I understand that yes this has come from a mobile platform and it is painfully obvious on this port. Its full of bugs and im sure it could have been better if they had spent a bit more time ironing them out. The UI is clunky and unintuitive, there are   clipping errors, motion errors, the hacking is abismal. Its not fun in this respect which is unfortunatly the game,This had proimise to be a good port for the PC but it failed quite well in its attempt."
,Recommended,258180,12280444,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Pochacco,You cannot jump/hop in this game. Which makes my exploration experience feel a little restrictive.There is only 1 save file available.You cannot choose your difficulty level.Otherwise the story line and rest of the gameplay experience was good.
76561198156533945,Not Recommended,258180,12569551,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,aretilda,"I loved Deus Ex: Human Revolution but The Fall is terrible, everything about The Fall is bad and I do not recommend it."
76561197970837645,Not Recommended,258180,12377520,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Ripped_Reaper,"Horrible - Freezes on startup, freezes during gameplay, the controls are sluggish and sloppy, and the models for the graphics look like they came out of the 90s."
76561197972749831,Not Recommended,258180,12001062,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,xKalibur,"Not worth the price.It's a port from mobile devices so you expect to see some flaws. Visuals and controls leave a lot to be desired. It can, however, be overlooked and still gives a good feel as HR did.My issue is that it isn't the full story. At the end you get what everyone hates to see, a big insulting ""To be continued"" just before the credits roll. If I'm paying this much for what is essentially 'added content' in the Deus Ex universe I at least expect them to finish it.Some of you may be ok with that and, like me, can overlook the not so smooth porting issues. I'm sure in time we will see more of how this ties in with HR and not just cameo character appearances. Unfortunately we also run the risk of this falling into that catagory of ""Games the developers forgot"" and never see how it pans out.All that being said, we are paying too much money for so many unknowns."
76561197963321051,Recommended,258180,11888577,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Troll,"Well, I must say - I liked and and didn't like it at the same time. Comparing to Human Revolution - this one is more simplified, especially at controls, but that I was expecting, since the game was originally created for tablets. Graphics are nice, and general feel is quite similar to that in Human Revolution, which is good. But, there is also one, HUGE minus - the game is ultimately short. I feel almost offended by how short it is - I spent less than 4 hours playing, including some repeating (I am rather mediocare player, unfortunatelly). The game promises ciontinuation, and I really hope it will come - other way I'll feel I threw my money away.So - if you are a hardcore Deus Ex player - you will like it. Other way - you could also like it, since the game is rather good. But - wait until some promo at Steam - at least -75%, since 9,99€ for some 3 hours of playing is much, MUCH too much..."
76561198171093125,Not Recommended,258180,22209533,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,SP Byte Surgeon,"Another fine example of why mobile ports shouldn't try to make their way to any console or pc. I only had to play the first few minutes of the game to see how the mechanics are really not suited for pc gaming. Bad controls, story line, graphics and just all around not enjoying or engaging to say the least. Not recommended. . ."
76561198130145000,Not Recommended,258180,22038596,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Savage_Tiger,Thanks for tricking me into buying a half-finished game....at least the atmosphere was sorta nice for what was there... will that story ever be followed up on?Even though I sort of think I get where it was going...
76561198199901067,Not Recommended,258180,22138372,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,CoffeeeBear,It's a mobile game made available on steam. After having played Human Revolution I had high expectations. I couldn't enjoy it
,Not Recommended,258180,11161955,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,pakistans finest,"Worst game I've ever played. Deus Ex: Human Revolution was the best game I've ever played, so - In comparison, it's ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198239472310,Not Recommended,258180,27949505,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shadow_On_The_Run,"You know, I actually went to the trouble of playing this, broken as it is, and found myself sort of enjoying it.The story and characters definitely had potential and deserved more than just the horrible PC port that this game is. I'll echo TotalBiscuit's thoughts that they should definitely have used the HR engine for this. But they just couldn't be arsed.The potential in the story and characters, at least for me, comes from the fact we're not dealing with a 'chosen one' protagonist such as JC or Jensen, it's a rather fresh take on the universe and it's why I enjoyed the prequel novel, ""Icarus Effect"", as well.Oh well, I'd only recommend playing this if you're a hardcore DX Universe fan and want to go through everything that's available."
76561197999927672,Not Recommended,258180,28132982,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Rumpus,"Way too short.  If you skip the dialogue, you could probably plow through the game in about an hour.  Animations look like a tablet game from four years ago.Dialogue is poorly written and all the voice actors except the lead are terrible (and borderline offensive).  Is clearly supposed to be Episode 1 of several, but the story just ends when you leave Panama.The AI is terrible, and guards don't notice anything other you walking across their field of vision or dead bodies (which disappear after about five seconds anyway).I got it for $2.50, and I'm not sure I got my money's worth.  The story seemed like it might have potential, but we ends before we even really find out what's going on beyond, ""corps are greedy and mercs are bad"".  If they ever release the rest of the game, I might pick it back up just in case the story becomes interesting.  Until then, don't bother."
,Not Recommended,258180,24774051,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Kaz the Mighty,"I now understand why mobile ports are bad.tl:dr : Don't play, terrible game.(I played the game on controller, not sure if it'd be different on keyboard.)The only way that Eidos could've made this game better was to not bring it out at all. From the constant terrible narration to the over-the-top sensitivity (seriously, even on 0 the main character will spin around like he's high and happy), to the odd controls.I'm not sure if when I played DE:HR the controls to interact with something was ""X"", rather than the basic, and most used button, ""A"". Not sure if ""A"" even did anything; I couldn't jump at all, even when I thought I could at the starting section. This is why we shouldn't port things from mobile. Ever."
76561198036696989,Not Recommended,258180,24779483,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,heathersz,BLAH
76561198136335195,Not Recommended,258180,24784561,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,caskade187,i love  deus ex but the fall is a load of poo to behonest some one need to be typhooned for this
76561198050846137,Not Recommended,258180,17134854,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,shenelle31,"This game has a really short story line, i finished very quickly. You could have made it longer and more Interesting to play."
76561198059015031,Not Recommended,258180,23345402,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,rendorHaevyn,Dis. Grace.
76561198007655039,Recommended,258180,23114050,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ByteTheDust,"I enjoyed this. Definitely a light version of Deus Ex but it scratched the same itch. The story was quite good, it's just a shame that it ends on such a cliffhangar with no resolution seemingly being released.If you can get this cheap, I'd give it a shot."
,Recommended,258180,18323898,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Lolssi,"Lot of dissapointing things in this game. And it still has same negatives that Human Revolution had like 3rd person cover, weird xp system, crappy character development and pretty much reguires you've read Icarus Effect.Can't understand why someone would think I'd wanna play Deus Ex on mobile...-no jumping-can't sell stuff-voice acting ain't great-too short and not complete game-firefights with enemies+world+story (what little there is)+missions+still a Deus Ex game so better(well more fun anyways) than your average game"
,Not Recommended,258180,23512364,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Swofehuper Hemanmalemanson,"Don't get it.Here's everything I found while playing:- story doesn't finish, it hardly even starts- only one save- no jumping since it's a mobile port- animations are crappier than HR since it's a mobile port- saving and loading makes some enemies disappear or turrets reactivate- takedowns can put you inside a wall, which requires a reloadIf you don't know DX and think this might be a nice intro, don't get it. It does no justice to the genre.If you do know DX and think you need it just so you have played them all, don't want to miss any story or have any other reasons, don't get it. The story is inexistent and not canon."
76561198025060816,Not Recommended,258180,23658544,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,FoxPhantom28,"This game I will have to say is best left on the I pad.The game surpasses well for an ipod game, but it doesn't mean the same for a PC port.graphic's: 5/10 I think the graphic is laughable when it hits pc, to think they would have cleaned up the thing and made it perhaps a bit more Deus Ex HR. Sad to say It felt gimped.gameplay: 3/10 the game play was not only too easy due to the store at the touch of a button, enemy AI being dull, and how the mechanic's work, but it also felt too darn short to be considered a game.  Makes all the higher end weapon in the shop worthless and more like a must buy this because it's pretty.story: 1/10 I can't say this enough it was too weak. The story wasn't compelling, though it does fill up a bit I guess if you want to call it that with the shortage of Nu-po and to how it works with organic material not rejecting mechanical limbs. But, the story for the DUEX: the fall felt forgotten and non cannon."
76561197993304049,Recommended,258180,23621152,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,yssing,"I am a huge fan of the Deus Ex series of games, I also like this one.However the story is not complete and most likely never will be, even though we are promissedThe graphics are nt at all as good as Human Revolution, but it is running on hte Unity engine, so that is expected, and it really doesn't matter all that much, it is still a Deus Ex game.So if you like that universe and don't mind the short story and the graphics then play it."
76561198162819850,Not Recommended,258180,18282188,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Grumpy Old Irish Man,No one asked for this.Even the people that did ask for it didn't ask for it.Ride to Hell Retribution is better.Save yourself the experience and pick up the original Deus Ex.
76561198166338190,Not Recommended,258180,22375052,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,FortyCal16,Worst mobile port ever.
,Not Recommended,258180,22511900,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Liftedplane,"Did you like Human Revolution? Do you expect this one to be as good... you'll be disappointed.The controls (they can finally be changed) are clunky... I couldn't even get through the hacking tutorial as my mouse simply stopped working. There's also no difficulty mode. I've beaten HR on the hardest difficulty.I wanted this game to be great, my mouse not being recognized and just freezing up as well as the poor texture quality and voice acting prevents me from recommending this game to anyone."
76561198028468291,Not Recommended,258180,22559070,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,JangoFrost,"This game is pretty bad, by bad I mean it's terrible, and by terrible I mean my monkey wont play it."
,Not Recommended,258180,22659465,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,"Trapped in Bubbaville, Send Help","This game should not be mistaken for a DLC for DX: HR. It isn't that, it really isn't.In its defense, I probably should have known that."
76561198076879992,Not Recommended,258180,22851882,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,iain.palmer02,"Human Revolution is a great game. Unfortunately, Deus Ex: The Fall is not. Very clunky on PC, constant irritating 'tips' and many random crashes. Would like to play to see the backstory, but cannot bring myself to continue playing."
,Recommended,258180,13603923,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,BlacKnight,I enjoyed playing The Fall. Yes it has some bugs and you can't jump or run and the story line is not finished which I hope they do finish it but overal I liked it.
,Recommended,258180,15594705,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,HARD POOR C0RN,"Not bad but also not worth $9.99. It is a decent port from the mobile version. Just plug in an Xbox 360 contoller, no need to configure controls. It is just that, a mobile game, so don't get your hopes up to much. It does have the style of human Revolution which is nice. Spoiler alert, there is a cliffhanger and thus doesn't feel like a full game. Don't pay full price for this, wait for this to come on sale. I recommend if you are a big fan of Deus Ex and just need a small Deus Ex fix until Mankind Divided."
76561198025612733,Recommended,258180,15678823,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,pehmo,"The game is better than it's reputation.Yes, the game is developed for ios tablet and yes the game is not very good PC port at all. However most of the time the game manages to be entertaining if you do not expect Human Revolution kind of quality.Do not buy this game at its current full price, this is too expensive to be bad PC version of tablet game.  If you find this game at a reduced price go for it!A nice trip for a Deus Ex -fan between two main titles (HR and MD)."
76561197976081787,Not Recommended,258180,15041449,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,mdwbm,"STAY AWAY!This is nothing like its big brother. It was originally designed for tablets.The game starts off with your group being killed and another team rescues you and wants you to join their cause. You find out that they were the ones who caused your group to be killed and you escape. The rest of the game switches to you trying to find medicine for your augmentations and the conspiracy of a new medicine illegally being sold before the release date.The graphics of this game are far weaker than the original game. The animation is full of clipping and generic locations. When you do silent takedowns near a wall, the screen will clip through and show the outside sunset. Also a thing to note, enemies fade away when subdued or killed. No need to move bodies. The controls are probably the worst part. The setup for selecting and using items are put in such weird positions. The controls are toooooooo sensitive during hacking, aiming is frustrating. Last but not least, the voice acting well ""acting"" is used loosely. The dialog is highly monotone and does not give any sence of personality to any character. Godzilla movies dubbed in English are far better acted.This game was designed as PART 1 of a storyline. as of 2015, there is no word on a continuation. So this game ends on a cliffhanger."
76561198040595612,Not Recommended,258180,10984349,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Shadoswulf,"I'm Sorry but I kinda expected better of you Square, this game looks like you down graded heavily from Human Revolutions.The guns are alot slower, the cover system is not as good as Human Revolutions, and I'm not sure why you have the dead bodies look like they are being digitized out of existance, it even has a Gamepad option which does not work (at least for me).  I'm sorry Square you took a step back which ended up down a flight of stairs on this great idea. :("
,Not Recommended,258180,14102663,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,f4d3,"If you are a Deus Ex fan I suggest moving past this one, you are better off catching up on sleep than playing this one.The Good:It would be a great game on a cellphone.The music in the club.The new character.The Bad:Very short and not worth what I had paid for it.No additional content.The flow is not even close to what the other deus ex games are like."
,Not Recommended,258180,9590793,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Daddy,"this mod i have played maybe an hour and seems way worse then origional game play, clunky and lame. I will update if it gets any better..."
,Not Recommended,258180,13638775,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,theste,"Loved the Deus Ex games, especially HR but this is awful. I found the interface and UI incredibly unresponsive and had real trouble with it. The tutorial should be skipable because that was infuriating and the whole feel of game really was miles away from HR and the previous Deus Ex games. This is a port and a remarkably bad one at that. I would avoid this, especially if you enjoyed HR."
,Not Recommended,258180,13639324,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Comrade,"DO NOTBUY, DO NOT PIRATE. DO NOT PLAYas a fan of the original deus ex when it was released i can safely say this was an entirely money making scheme based on ripping off the good name of the series.-1/10 DO NOT GET"
,Not Recommended,258180,14490324,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Nowwer,"A bad port of a bad game with bad dialoge. I tried to force myself through it just to get the story bits, but just couldn't keep my gag reflex in check. Really disapointing, I loved the rest of the series."
,Not Recommended,258180,14566360,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Pengvin,Some of THE most cringe-worthy voice acting I have ever heard draped over a tired plotline. I think I would rather play Desert Bus.
,Recommended,258180,14468620,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,alison,"What a fabulous little game! From all the reviews I expected this to be terrible, but I really enjoyed it. The protagonist is perhaps the most likeable of the Deus Ex protagonists yet, and the story has all the hallmarks of the series. Conspiracy! Hacking! Helicopters! In addition it plays perfectly on my tablet in 1080p - I wish there were more game developers out there who realized a lot of us who grew up on and love proper FPS gameplay do not want to drop thousands on hot and heavy gaming rigs any more. On the downside, the purchasing of weapons and ammo anywhere really kills the difficulty, and the lack of a jump button does make it feel a bit Wolfenstein 3D. Still, an admirable addition to the canon, and definitely worth a quick playthrough for anyone into sci-fi adventure games. I hope they make a sequel."
76561198071313113,Not Recommended,258180,14598300,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Sean,"This game is an intellence insult to the ones played Human Resolution. It's a huge simplied Deus EX HR and in the bad way. Not worth to buy it, not worth to try it."
76561198048908940,Not Recommended,258180,14382709,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Rile Slapcheek,"I didnt ask for THIS....To further the point i was almost ready to it a reccomendation up until the ending.To dim wit who designed this game I will simply say ""why?"".... And also list what I like and disliked about the game and I will not give it the benifit of being a mobile game because for gods sake if you want to sell a game on steam then do more then simply port the damn thing like for example you could have redesigned the gameplay to be identical to Human Revolution (which was fantastic by the way so go buy that) and then maybe it would have been a much better game.Dislikes:-The first thing youll say is ""where is my f&%$king jump button"" then youll say...-""What on earth was that linear abomination of a tutorial"" followed subsequently by...-""Why did Namir and Anna sound like they are reading off of a script?""- The combat is like Human Revolution but with the mouse controls that feel like im using a thumbstick and the hit detection of a Whale with a skull the size of a pebble ( I mean honestly I shot a Skulls gangster in the face with a silenced pistol and he shrugs it off yet I shoot a belltower Heavy in the back of the head and he drops quicker then a♥♥♥♥♥♥falling out of my♥♥♥♥♥.-No ragdoll physics for the pc ""port"" (i mean hell apparently liberation HD had a few improvements and that was made by god damn Ubisoft).-The conversation dialogues writing was perfect in Human Revolution and yet here It seems like it was written by me in preschool so fire whoever the hell you hired for that.-That ending was not an ending for a game with only 3 hours of content(and i did all the side quests knocked out ever guard and thug (shot themwhen i lost patience with the bugs in view paths because i didnt realise a man with his eyes covered could see out the back of his skull or even when i stood upright with firearm out and some lowly gangster took shots at me from point blank range and missed every shot) which for the record It would have got a pass if you had actually ended on the australia mission but you didnt instead you ended before and the final boss was a box turret which I killed with an emp grenade and the 7 damn frag mines you gave me near the start that I held onto.- No multiple save system so only one save file and you better hope to god you dont screw up a god awful persuasion convo or tough luck benjamin old boy.- 3 HOURS OF CONTENT AND YOU TRIED TO SELL THIS TO ME FOR $9.99USD BOY YOU LUCKY I BOUGHT THIS FOR $1.99 ON SPECIAL AND I STILL FEEL RIPPED OFF!!!!-Store mode without the micro transactionsLikes:♥♥♥♥♥♥Filter Returns-Bad Voice acting reminds me of original Deus Ex but without its charm and good writing-Ben Saxon is a crew cut Adam Jensen with an accent that sounds more american then Ausi and im not talking South Bogen Ausi-Easter Egg about Gunther HermannFinal Verdict is a ♥♥♥♥ off out of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Human revolution Cash in."
76561198068344011,Recommended,258180,14413593,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Devon Carr,I actually kinda enjoyed this game not very long for the momment and i'm like the sort of effect it is giving off not sure kinda reminds me of ps2 to graphics to a point. would of liked a complet relese to be fair and a few minor things fixing up and i would play this again. :)
76561198165474013,Not Recommended,258180,14417424,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,FrenchRaccoon,Worst port ever... So many bugs and glitches. Mouse controls stops working in the menu for like no reason.Have to do with alt controls. Im not a fan of playing a game where i get to cover and fall through the floor to my demise.Enemies have no regards for thier lives whatsoever. Im a fan of the deus ex world and thats what got me into buying this but there is soo many flaws to the physics and mechanics that il have to stop playing this.Do not buy this.- From a really dissapointed fan
,Not Recommended,258180,14445890,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Morrinn,"This was included in a package deal, I'd never have picked it up based on what I'd seen of it in reviews. After playing it for a bit I can see why it got such negative critique.Incredibly dull experience."
76561198053419204,Recommended,258180,14452232,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Human Required,"For the price of $2 during a sale, this is probably one of the better games you'll be able to buy.The amount of time I've played for is the amount of time it took me to get through the entire core campaign, neglecting all side missions (and there are a few of those). So, just take that into account. But for what it is, Deus Ex: HR Lite Edition, it's okay. Not phenomenal, but I had an itch for more Deus Ex: HR and didn't want to reinstall that game, so this little diversion did the job just fine.Something funny worth mentioning is that graphically, this game is on par with Human Revolution. That's a testament to both the evolution of mobile gaming graphics and how underbaked HR was. Not to mention that 300+ fps with maxed anti-aliasing is always nice.So, to reiterate, if you can snag it for $2 during a Square Enix sale like I did and are CRAVING more HR gameplay, get it. For any other situation, disregard The Fall."
,Not Recommended,258180,14498450,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,[PRSE] Buddy,This game taught me pre-ordering is a bad idea...
76561197980292794,Recommended,258180,14973624,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sword_of_Light,"QA is somewhat lacking, the GUI is a little less useful than in the previous DE:HR, and they've nerfed autohacks.  That said, for the price, its got a lot of content, and while this title isnt as polished as HR, if you liked that, you'll probably like this."
,Not Recommended,258180,14980791,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,nhand42,Disappointing. Don't waste your time or money on this mobile-ported garbage.Deus Ex: Human Revolution was *so* *good*. Deus Ex: The Fall just makes me sad.
,Recommended,258180,14951619,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,ZeroJelly,"Voice acting was lacking, Facial animation was lacking.Controls are easy to get the hang of for both controllers and KB&M unless you suffer from some type of mental illness.Graphics are surprisingly decent, Plays just like Deus Ex HR.In my opinion has a well written captivating story(I beat it in a little over 4hrs, not killing anyone), It left me wanting more. But I doubt that monteral is going to be coming out with any more content for this game considering user reception(I seriously don't know what else people expected from a mobile port, people judge this game way to harshly).Is it a good port? Yes.Overall. Would I recomend this game to someone who is not a major fan of deus ex at its original price? No.Would I recommend it if it was on sale? Absolutely.A very generous 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,258180,15051180,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Invalidlinks,No... just no..Love the concept..wished it was more in depth.. controls are horrible! and sometimes i pushed a button it does not respond well!It was okay on the ios but for a pc port.. i expect more!3/10
76561198057581347,Recommended,258180,14957820,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Mercurio Osterman,"I recommend it with some conditions. It's not a very good game, but I still found enough fun to be worth my time. If you consider this a higher quality fan mod (which is about the level of quality to expect here, not that it is an actual fan mod), there is some fun to be had here. Obviously, expecting this to be comparable to Human Revolutions or even the original Deus Ex will only result in dissapointment.VOICE ACTINGThe voice acting is pretty bad, but a lot better than I've seen from some fan mods that have tried to do voice acting.  The dialogue options are extremely limited, with very few opportunities for it to make a difference.STORYIt's ok and it keeps the pace going.GAMEPLAYA lot of areas are streamlined, probably primarily to do it being originally a mobile game. No jumping, which I disliked, but I can see why one might cut that here. It gives the designers a lot more control over where a player can go in the game without having to design additional ways to block player movement to account for jumping. This also focuses the type of gameplay they are offering, allowing multiple ways through environments.STEALTHI liked that full stealth options were available, as well as guns ablazing.HACKINGMuch easier than in Human Revolutions, but plenty of things to hack and a few good opportunities to turn robots and turrets against your enemies.GOODSI noticed a ton of weapons available for purchase... though I never bought any. The store might be too easy to access, but it gave a lot more options than typically can be found. Everything is probably too plentiful in the game.LEVELINGLeveling up was really quick, which was good since the game was short.ONE SAVE + BUGSI hate single save options. Just make sure when you save, nothing screwy is happening, though I found only a couple bugs during my playthrough.FINAL THOUGHTSIf anything, the game is too easy, but I still found it fun and I'm interested in seeing where things might go next, if they still planned on making another one. It's a nice diversion, as long as you don't expect much from it. Buy it on sale, if interested, and you should be good."
,Recommended,258180,15011607,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,LithuBey,Oyun parasını hakediyor Best Game Ever
,Not Recommended,258180,15015181,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Akio,On year 2014 very bad graphics...Story too bad for me...:/yeah only 9.99€...but I cannot recommend this game...4/10
76561198097883733,Not Recommended,258180,15022814,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,ajusticeps,It's an IOS game that was ported to steam with absolutely no effort!Pros:- nice sound and music;- has a little bit of DH:HR atmosphere!Cons:- meh and unfinished story;- clunky controls;- horrible voiceacting!-
76561197970003180,Not Recommended,258180,15057520,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,axpro,"Wow, this is a truly TERRIBLE game.  Didn't know its history as an IOS title, maybe it would have been ok on an ipad, but on the pc, it is clunky, unrepsonsive and just overall ""not fun""  Was remembering the fun i had with Human Revolution and figured ""How bad could it be""15 minutes and I  was considering just pulling the plug on my PC because quitting the game using its non responsive menus was taking too long."
76561198030497356,Not Recommended,258180,14657250,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Amora Shepard,Worst steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥I ever wasted $7.50 on. I shutdown and unistalled the game 1 minute into the tutorial it was so bad.
76561198101013172,Not Recommended,258180,14784093,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Hentai Expert☎,No
,Not Recommended,258180,14796564,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Curtis Tan,Its a little complicated
76561197960512816,Not Recommended,258180,14727021,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,{PK} ISUX,"This should never been ported... horrible. I can't even describe how bad this is, just read the other 1000+ negative review. This is an insult to the Deus Ex product line."
,Not Recommended,258180,14381993,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Elsa,This game is a massive turd.
,Not Recommended,258180,14383248,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,DeltaWolf7,"Wow this one is bad. Heres my hate list..1. Xbox controller support is useless.2. Mouse clicks are not always correct or unresponsive.3. The inventory and interface are horrid to use.4. AI might as well not exist, thats how it feels.5. Facebook intergration.. really.I know this come from tablets but to me it seems they ported it and didn't bother changing a thing.Why not use the Deux Ex engine and sell it as DLC or standalone? For £1, its still not worth it."
,Not Recommended,258180,28930984,Posted: 1 January,all,lamino144,"I was expecting a bad quality game when I read it was ported, but I was surprised. I think they did a good job in that respect.PlotI feel like Human Evo was much more immersive. The plot didn't attract my attention so far, and the gameplay feels too imperative.Technical IssuesThis game is still full of bugs. The game glitches even on a high-end graphics card in full-screen.Getting used to the controls is somewhat frustrating. And the popping tutorial is a big no-no.Never freeze a player, and make them buy stuff - absolutely bad idea."
76561197960779222,Not Recommended,258180,29127929,Posted: 8 January,all,Sporadicus,"It's an OK game.  This is a port of a mobile game, so the controls are slightly different from Deus Ex: Human Revolution and some of the character models are not well done.  More importantly, this was the first episode in a series that was never continued.  So if you do all the side missions and try to get to every single location it will only take you a few hours to finish the game.  If you just do the main mission it will take far less time.  If it is on sale or part of a bundle then go ahead and buy it."
76561197971701104,Not Recommended,258180,29164254,Posted: 10 January,all,Happily Retired :),"When I started playing, I thought this is way below the normally epic standards of the Deus Ex games, but it did start to grow on me and I had a little fun. Still no where near  the standard I expected, however I captured an airport and got to take a plane ride, but still only had a few enhancements so was thinking this had to get better, then Boom! The game ended with TO BE CONTINUED. I was speechless and what eventually came from my mouth cannot be repeated here. If you get it for a pound, it might be worth it. I am a huge fan of Deus Ex and have played all of them and praised them as among the best games ever made, but sadly I must call this one poor and give it 2/10. Very disapointed."
76561197984807712,Not Recommended,258180,29165044,Posted: 10 January,all,ImpoliteFruit,"The music is quite nice, and that is the only positive thing I can say about this game.This is a very low effort port of a mobile game. At a glance it looks like Deus Ex: Human Revolution, but the textures, shaders, models and animations are nowhere near that quality. Everything looks flat, and shadows is just a circle under people.The story and dialog is terrible, it is forced and blunt, with ""quality"" lines such as ""I want you to tell me the truth about Operation Rainbird"" while pointing with an outstretched arm.It includes fun bugs as your gun starts shooting until it is empty, which is great when you are trying to sneak up on an enemy.If you paid more for this game than you can sell the trading cards for, you are in danger of punching yourself in the face (which somehow is also more entertaining than this game)."
,Recommended,258180,29074463,Posted: 6 January,all,Star Lord,Its a mobile title and a bad port the story element is okay all in all but the game is so ugly i cant stand it but i guess if you have a lower end gpu this might be perfect for you.
,Not Recommended,258180,29116762,Posted: 8 January,all,爱阔少,"This could be a top level mobile game, but on PC it's below average.If you got this in a bundle it's OK, I don't recommand buying this game alone.-Story is very short, about 3 hours. And it's not finished.-There are lots of equipments and upgrades but with the money you can collect probably you'll have only a few of them.-I don't know if they improved the graphics but compared to other PC titles it's really bad.-Inaccurate collision, sometimes I get shot through a wall, sometimes I can't kill a guy with a dozen of bullets."
,Recommended,258180,29771385,Posted: 7 February,all,phoenixlacythiachimera,"Square Enix once again create something beautiful and then suffocate it.Despite being a good game and an alluring concept in regards to the plotline, this game is massively let down by the cliffhanger that will never be resolved!At the time of writing, version 1.0.6 of the original iOS iteration is live and still has no mention of resolving this but this port is listed as v1.0.1A bitter ending to an otherwise sweet experience."
,Recommended,258180,29085564,Posted: 7 January,all,MAD DOG ADRIAN,Australian Civil War.PTSD TRIGGERS. Check My Rocket League Review.
,Not Recommended,258180,21632431,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,GoodSwimma,"I stopped playing after a while. Despite the release date, the graphics are dated. The enemy AI is not really that intelligent or engaging. The environment isn't that impressive, interactive, or interesting. The game really isn't that long and I found this title to be the most disappointment within the Deus Ex series."
76561198065441934,Recommended,258180,30064563,Posted: 20 February,all,gast128,"Despite the many critics, this game doesn't play much different compared to the highly praised Human Revolution. Its major drawback is that it is ultra short. Graphically it is moderate, the shooting is simple and the story is a bit confusing but but so was Human Revolution. Luckily this time cut scenes are fast forwardable."
,Not Recommended,258180,24945994,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,FDb,"Considering that this game originally released on mobile devices in 2013 and that there's no signs of the ""to be continued"" ending to actually, you know, have a continuation (unless it's going to be Mankind Divided DLC), I'm willing to just finally admit this game being on PC is utterly worthless. It doesn't help that this PC port is clumbsy, nor does it help that you probably already have Human Revolution installed on the exact same computer and could be playing that instead...If you can deal with awkward touchscreen controls, get it on iOS / Android. Because at least then it's portable Deus Ex. That is literally its only redeeming factor if there is never a part two to this ""episodic series."""
,Not Recommended,258180,25808807,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,DietDrGeek,"Feels more like a fan made game you could sqirt out in unity in a few weeks than an actual Deus Ex game. Couldn't play it.On the plus side because its optimized for mobile, I was able play the game at an average of 480fps."
76561198051358247,Not Recommended,258180,32099641,Posted: 31 May,all,Dievalkyrie,"Horrible. Voice acting, tutorials, gameplay, all so very wrong. Don't expect any of the magic of the other games, and avoid at all cost. Seriously - 5 minutes and I wanted to jump out a window."
76561197988367888,Not Recommended,258180,26044157,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,⎛⎛LosTiger⎞⎞,"Deus Ex: The Fall is a port from ios systems. Im going to compare sometimes this game and Deus Ex 3.While the graphics are terrible, its actually pretty fine for ios games. If you can overlook that it seems as a nice addition to the Deux Ex universe. The game tough is a little downgraded version of the Deus Ex 3 game. You have ""almost"" all of the augmentations . Taifun system isnt there anymore(wouldnt make sense tough since its a secret thing from sarif industries) and some smaller things have been removed. You cant pick up anything anymore tough and jumping isnt possible aswell.The map is just like in Deus Ex 3, you have a small ""hub"" where you run around, can find secrets and do side quests/run to your main quest.Mostly there are only 2 ways to solve a level, but sometimes you can go even a third or fourth way by using your augmentations. I didnt saw any way to really use your icarus landing system, but often you needed the arms upgrade for stealth in order to get into vents, destoying walls wasnt that often used but it wasnt in Deus Ex 3 either tough.The game has an ingame item shop which functions just as a shortcut to buy items. The thing is that its kinda unbalanced. While i never bought anything in the entire game, always saved money and did all side missions and almost went to every secret place, i just had about 9800 credits when i finished the game. Well the most expensive thing in the store is an praxis kit pack that costs 10.000 credits. But i never needed the shop anyways, i played trough the whole game and never bought anything and had almost all of the augmentations upgraded, enough ammo(i stealthed tough) and food bars.The soundtrack is directly taken out of Deus Ex 3. So its pretty good.The story is about some guy who is called Ben, working for the terrorist group you know from Deus Ex 3 , who attacked the sarif building. You are on a kind of revenge/escape trip story . While it starts out well, the voice acting from the main characters really annoys me, because it just sounds so bad. The story ends in a cliffhanger . I was pretty angry about that one tough.It took me about 5 hours to beat the game and i was slowly stealthing, doing all of the side quests and was searching for secrets. But i enjoyed that time. Overall i can recommend it if you like the Deus Ex formula and want more of the game. Otherwise, just leave this one aside.Hard to rate, would give it a 3.5/10 due the bad graphics, clunky port,unbalanced shop, but somewhat fun gameplay (despite being very restricted compared to its predecessor)"
,Not Recommended,258180,35192566,Posted: 24 September,all,c o s m o s,"I expected slightly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Human Revolution. I got Human Revolution with PS2 quality controls, animation and aiming that makes Invisible War look like next gen, absolute garbage store mechanic where you buy ammo for your guns on the fly, and story so shallow and forgettable I actually don't know what ♥♥♥♥ing happened. This was supposed to be episodic and thank god it was discontinued. Worst DX game by a mile."
